Stable operating expenses for light assets and impairment of assets
The three-quarter report issued recently by GDR in 2018 showed that companies, 2018q3, achieved operating income of 1.73 billion yuan, a decrease of 35.9 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $210 million, a decrease of 77.37 per cent in the same year. Total assets of $20.843 billion, a decrease of 1.3 per cent from the beginning of the period; and net assets of mothers of 48.8 billion yuan, a decrease of \triangleright from the beginning of the period.
In the first three quarters, the share of light assets decreased by 3.7 pct. The rise in the share of light assets was mainly related to higher corporate interest costs and a significant decline in net credit income.
Brokering businesses remain competitive and managing businesses are growing. Against the backdrop of a sharp decline in stock-base turnover in the two cities this year, the company achieved $1.8 billion in revenue from brokering activities in the first three quarters of the year, a decline of 11.1 per cent compared to the previous quarter, a slight increase in market ownership, and a high commission rate of revenue in the East at 13:15.
This year, in an environment of a significant contraction in the volume of industry investment, the company achieved $600 million in investment revenue in the first three quarters, a decline of just 2.1 per cent compared to the previous quarter, especially with respect to bond underwriting, which increased market ownership by 0.18 pt compared to the same period the previous year. The company’s management performance this year was impressive, with a gradual shift to proactive management in a context of tight regulatory controls, with a rise in revenue reversals, and the first three quarters with a rise in transaction processing fees.
At $500 million, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the same period; at the same time, the size of the Fund’s management operations increased, from 26 per cent at the beginning of the year, the Fund’s management fee income, the financing cost increased to inhibit net interest income and the self-employment of its operations. The company achieved net interest income of $470 million in the previous three quarters, a decline in the same year \triangleright
54.9%, mainly due to significant increases in interest payable on bonds issued by companies for capital expansion in recent years. The company’s own-account business this year showed a positive growth of 0.8% over the previous three quarters, with a significant increase in net income from fair value movements, which resulted in a $770 million gain. Net profits fell by the same time due to cost and impairment.
\triangleright has maintained a steady growth of its operations through its own capital strength and branding in a difficult market environment this year. We see that as the market warms, the company’s light assets continue to provide strong support for its performance.
Net profits return to normal levels under risk mitigation. We expect companies to collect $7.63 billion, $9.04 billion and $101.5, respectively, from 2018 to 2020. Not 24 times, 17 times and 15 times. The first coverage is given as a “recommended” rating.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, the research assistant in the investment of Sky-Eye real estate industry will present an overview.
In 2018, he joined the Eung Xing securities industry in the non-banking financial sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.