The three main strategies and channels have had a positive catalytic effect on low-pressure operations.
26.47%, 38.81%. In 2019, q1 achieved a return on its income, a return on its net profit, a deduction on its net profit, and a significant recovery in its profitability in 2018; the performance of q1 companies in 2018, after deducting the return on investment in the sale of power stations, increased significantly in 2018 and in 2019 in the first quarter of the year.
The sale of power stations throughout the year confirmed an investment gain of about 415 million, after which the net profit from mother-to-manufacturing and deductions increased by 11.9 per cent in 2018, 23 per cent in 2019, the net profit from q1 from mother-to-manufacture, the low-pressure strategies of chemical reaction, and the return of low-pressure appliances to Maori and market-to-market ratios were evident.
The business development strategy can be summarized as “middle-high-end upgrading”, “Globalization”, “Project solutions marketing” III.
Large-scale strategies, coupled with the company's further strengthening of channels, have built more than 500 nuclear plants by the end of 2018. 2. Gently-Thai Electrical Research - High Performance Growth, Low Pressure Dealers, over 3,600 distribution points. In addition, the company has six direct power, machinery, new energy, etc.
The marketing sector is moving faster, with many of the country’s label customers, such as the national electricity grid, China’s mobile, and Hua-Yun.
The electrical appliance rebounded from 1.51 pct to 33.99%. We estimate that the market for low-pressure appliances in 2018 will continue to grow steadily, and that the household photovoltaic will be the biggest sighting in 2019.
In 2019, the company is expected to add 500 mw to its new domestic photovoltaic capacity, with 100,000 new units expected to be installed in 2018, taking full advantage of the synergies and cost advantages of low-pressure, photovoltaic operations in the channels and products.
A further 40% increase. Thanks to good developments in the use of photovoltaics and industrial photovoltaics, companies have increased the number of distribution machines by 500 mw, the structure of the photovoltaic operating stock has been steadily moving forward, the power-constrained areas, the reduced capacity of centralized power stations, and the optimization of operating higher generation hours have led to improvements in roe.
Decline in the landscape of the windy industry; policy adjustments such as real estate restrictions; fluctuations in prices of large upstream raw materials1 and annual reports 2018 and the first quarterly report 2019, which showed an improvement in operating indicators, 1.1 company ' s performance in 2018 was positive, with faster growth in non-net profits reported in 2019
In addition to the annual report for 2018, which was published by Chute Electric, the net return to the mother, the net return on the mother, the net gain on the non-mother's income was 27.42 billion, 3.59 billion and 3.65 billion, respectively, an increase of 17.1 per cent, 26.47 per cent and 38.81 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.Acknowledging the return on investment of about 170 million and the return on the sale of power plants of about 415 million throughout the year, less the impact,
In 2018, net profit from the parent, net profit from the deduction of the parent, increased by 11.9 per cent, 23 per cent, and in 2019, net profit from the q1 return, net profit from the deduction of the parent, increased by 22.22 per cent and 22.57 per cent, respectively.
In 2018, the company recovered to 16.59%, with a decline in operating cash flows, but the overall situation remained positive. In 2018, the company’s operating cash flow recovered significantly from 2017, a 13% increase over the previous year.
2. Low voltage electrical stores continue to maintain a high rate of increase, with an increase in the steady rate of photovoltage blocks and 2.1 point-point core business indicator analysis The amount of revenue collected by traditional low-voltage appliances (end, distribution, control) is 11.65 billion yuan.
The same-year growth rate of 16.37% was slightly faster than the growth of the plate, the growth of the building appliances (Panels, Switches, Plugins, etc.) and the year-on-year performance was remarkable. The rate of low-pressure tiles Maori increased significantly by 1.51 pct, reaching 33.99%, mainly due to the fall in commodity prices, coupled with the company’s 3-6% increase in sales of low-pressure products across the q2 line last year, and
Smart manufacturing and scale effects increase productivity. Low pressure plates achieve net profit sizes of about $2.25 billion in 2018, with a net profit rate of 13.76 per cent, and are affected by higher cost rates, with a net profit rate of less than the Māori increase compared to Piti. We estimate that the market capacity of the low pressure electrical industry in 2018 is roughly equal to that of Māori.
For the third year in a row, it has been rising rapidly. In 2019, q1 was accelerated by the construction of real estate, infrastructure, etc. The company’s low-pressure plate was growing faster, or about 15%, and the ring was returning faster than last year’s q4.
For billions of yuan, $2.18 billion, the gross profit from power station operation is stable and relatively large, with a high rate of gross and net interest rates and constant electricity costs. The total revenue from component products and photovoltaic projects has increased by 18.6 per cent and 19.4 per cent, respectively, but has been affected by the country's “531” policy, resulting in a decline in profitability.
2.2 Channel construction and product R & D have steadily fallen in line with the three strategies of low pressure, and the rate of urban occupancy continues to rise rapidly. The rising trend in corporate low pressure operations is evident, thanks to good progress in building the three strategies and channels.
The results are being released on an ongoing basis. Channel construction: 2018 is being further developed, uncovered areas are being expanded, and the area covered is being re-structured in depth, with clear delineation of the responsibilities and responsibilities of distributors and agents. In 2018, the company completed a total of 10 deep re-engineering of the channels in the region, with a focus on the development of 50 integrated business distributors.
By the end of 2018, the company had 16 offices, more than 500 core distributors, and more than 3.600 distribution points.
Six major direct sales industries, such as energy, have established a specialized industry team at headquarters to support regional direct sales teams and business development, and a dedicated direct sales team of hundreds of people has now been created. In addition, a phased breakthrough has been achieved with the introduction of multi-purpose industry-specific product lines to meet the individualized needs of clients.
In their respective fields, there are already national power grids, China Energy Group, China Mobile, China Telecommunications, Hua-yun, China Sea, and low-pressure products and business innovations that became the biggest bright spots in 2019. Companies will continue to push low-pressure operations from the following three points to keep the industry growing twice as fast: 1) companies will further deepen their rollout of three boxes, brand low-pressure cabinets,
Industrially controlled products, which gradually form the building-up of component plus container solutions capability. 2) In addition to the strategy of travelling all the way to the sea along the country, the company will build on the current product sales by adding some of its sub-contracting operations, innovative marketing models, and by actively building a master package plus machine sub-contract plus cabinet plus whole-chain ecology of components, which will include areas in terms of concrete measures.
In the form of energy cooperation, regional engineering application centres, integrated international operations and shared platforms, etc.) The Shanghai Xinhua Control Technology Group is a pioneer in the country ' s dcs domain, with the capacity and performance of many industries to automate solutions and further promote low pressure,
Photovoltaic and industrial control automation clients, convergence of focus area projects, will become 2.3 photovolts to keep up with the policy pressure that was built in the city, and household photovoltaics will be the biggest sighting in 2019. The photovolt status of households will be consolidated in 2018, and the photovolt will be the focus again in 2019. “531”
After the policy, the household subsidy policy was delayed, the household construction was cold in the second half of the year, and the company adjusted its development thinking in a timely manner: 1) Focusing on several core markets to scale up the layout, gradually abandoning some of the low-return rates and focusing on cost control. 2) Keeping household operations in place by calculating the cost of unsubsidized electricity.
Uninterrupted development of the core markets, with the addition of a larger number of high-quality distributors, with a strong, well-distributed, well-intentioned and low-pressured core distributors at its core, by 2018, the company developed a total of 149 core distributors, and accelerated the expansion of marketing channels to operate in the townships.
The policy ended up on the ground, which gave households the most friendly policy on photovoltaics, with electricity subsidies of $$0.18/kwh, and subsidies of $750 million for households alone (a total of $3 billion in new photovoltaic projects, equivalent to 3.5 million kW), in addition to the fact that the use of photovoltaics for households connected to the Internet after 531 last year is expected to continue with last year’s policy.
In several provinces, such as Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shandong, Hebei, and several well-developed provinces, companies
Distributive capacity is maintained at a faster rate. The company distributed light-voltage new loaders amounted to 500 mw throughout 2018, totalling 1071 mw, or 48%. On the other hand, the company continues to promote the sale of medium-sized power plants, which are concentrated in areas such as Gansu and Ningxia, where electricity is restricted.
In addition, the company actively participated in the pilot project bid, which successfully won White City 100mw and White City during the reporting period.
Four-point 300kw projects in the Shaanxi District.3.Profit forecasts and investment proposals. Benefiting from the industry’s continued climate, corporate low-pressure electrical plates will be more than 20 per cent larger year-round.
Long, considering the decline in commodity prices and the January increase in the price of corporate products on a full-line low-pressure basis by 2 to 5%. The household utility policy ended up on the ground with an electricity subsidy of 0.18, with strong support from the policy, the company is expected to add 500 mw to its home-voltage capacity this year, with a further 40% increase from 2018.
And above, on the basis of a robust growth in the benefits of photovoltaic operations, an orderly expansion of component capacity, and a robust expansion of the pepc project, we believe that the 20% increase is expected in 2019 (net of the profits from the sale of power plants). On the other hand, the low-pressure electrical industry grew even faster than in 2018, with real estate and capital construction being completed in 2019; and household use.
Photovolt, after an uncertain 2018 policy, will re-enter a new cycle this year. On the corporate side: low-pressure plate collection is expected to grow at a rate of 17.55 per cent in 2019, with a further rise in the low-pressure electricity market to more than 16 per cent; households with more than 140,000 photovoltaic units will remain at the forefront.
(1) A sharp fall in subsidies in the photovoltaic sector, with the price of the equipment chain under much downward pressure, and the Māori ratio of equipment such as company pieces, silicon tablets, reverse transformers, etc. will continue to face greater downward pressure. (2) Large quantities of raw materials such as copper, steel, plastics, etc. account for higher costs of low-pressure appliances.
Larger increases may have a greater impact on the Māori rate of low-pressure appliances, further affecting the firm ' s overall pressure on the country to increase its real estate control over the last two years, and the uncertainty of real-estate policy, while the continued low area of property completion will affect the use of low-pressure appliances in the real-estate industry.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average investment in the market.