It's been reported in depth that the low-pressure tap market is rising steadily, and household use is the company's greatest elasticity in the future, strongly recommended (for the first time)
Product-level dimensions: The development of the low-pressure appliance industry is positively related to the investment in social fixed assets and the high level of electricity consumption across society. The company is already in the position of being an absolute leader in the low-end market for appliances, but is relatively inadequate in the area of s2/s3.
As the overall structure of the industry evolves from a triangle to a hammer, companies will face the opportunity and test of industrial adjustment. We believe that the Klon series of products are important players for companies to open up to medium- and high-end markets, and that channels and R & D will provide companies with the power to expand to medium and high-end products.
Channel sales dimensions: Distribution is supported by direct sales by major + domestic marketing offices, 12 logistics centres, more than 440 core outlets, more than 2,800 distribution outlets, and a well-developed marketing system.
The company’s original distribution system has infiltrated the county-level cities, taking full advantage of marketers’ autonomy. At the same time, the company has entered into strategic partnerships with prominent real-estate and construction companies such as China Rainfield, El Fuego Estate, Dragon Lake Estate, Bee Qui grove, Green City Electric, Henshin, etc., to expand direct sales.
Interest community dimensions: Upstream and downstream shareholding, help company development Corporations implement distributors and suppliers shareholdings to fully bind the industry chain interest community. In 2018, Gen-Thai Group transferred 24.18 million shares and 2.38 million shares respectively to the controlling shareholder, Gen-Thai Group, Inc., through large-scale transactions.
Some employees, some company distributors, and suppliers. We believe that corporate shareholders have integrated upstream and downstream benefits by transferring shares to nuclear workers, distributors, and suppliers, providing a strong guarantee for stable growth in the company’s performance.
Regional dimension of development: opening overseas markets, with great potential, is estimated to have a global market for low-pressure appliances of over $50 billion in growth space. Companies set up overseas factories, with high rates of overseas low-pressure electrical sales in 2017, standing at over 20% + per year.
Quick. As companies mature in regions like South-East Asia, Africa, and the Middle East, the company’s low-pressure coverage abroad is for the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Insight report for real Thai appliances (601877.sh) Insight report for real Thai appliances (601877.sh) Insight report for real Thai appliances (601877.sh)
1.1 Low voltage appliance applications, also known as low voltage switches and control devices, are used for the exchange of 50hz, exchange-rated voltage of 1,000 v and below and in direct flow.
Electrical components or components that break, protect, control, or regulate the circuits up to 1500v. Electricity is transferred through high-voltage circuits, and then has to be downgraded by the power substations at all levels, distributed through the distribution system at all levels, and eventually reached the end user. Low-voltage appliances are widely used for distribution grids and side-uses, as the last important link in the distribution of electrical power to the side, to ensure efficient and stable use of electrical power by electric users.
Low-pressure electrical products are divided essentially into four generations of technical energy, with the exception of the first generation, which has been completely phased out, and two, three and four generations coexisting. Medium and low-end products, mainly two and three generations, still account for a large proportion of production (20% of second-generation products and 70% of third-generation products).
The fourth generation of high-end products has been introduced to the market (10%). According to national policy, products from low-voltage appliances that are already under way, large, energy-intensive and polluting the environment will be phased out in the coming period. 1.2 Low-voltage electrical demand is positively related to fixed-asset investment and high electricity use.
The low-voltage electrical industry started late in the country, but demand has risen steadily in recent years. In 2008, the industry was only $40 billion, but the rate of growth has slowed, but in 2017, the 80 billion-dollar threshold was broken and the overall momentum has been positive. The variety of low-voltage appliances can be divided into five main categories of electrical distribution, terminal, control, electrical and electronic appliances, depending on their use.
Visible Bulls, Gwangzhenghangsengseng.sh.
The rate of increase in the low-pressure appliance sector is directly related to fixed-asset investment and high electricity use. In the traditional view, the low-pressure appliance sector is the domain of the post-real-estate cycle, and is more volatile with the real-estate market. But its use permeates all aspects of industrial construction.
The size of the industry is bound to be highly relevant for the whole of society. We're making linear comparisons of data on the size of the electricity and low-voltage appliances industries across the community, in the tens of thousands of yuan. The increase in the use of electricity is driving the pace of construction of related infrastructure, creating demand for low-voltage appliances.
The electricity sector accounts for the most important share, close to 40%; the construction industry (including real estate) accounts for 28%; the petrochemical and industrial industries also account for 7%. The downstream industries are growing well, contributing to low pressure growth in the electrical sector.
Real-estate fixed investment slowed to 577,641.5 billion yuan in 2017, and real-estate fixed investment reached 13,373,352 million yuan in that year. Although the overall rate of growth has been reduced to less than 5%, the overall market is still large, with end-use appliances available 2.1 billion kVA in voltage grids and 1.01 million km in line length. The electricity network investment rose year by year, reaching 54,314.9 billion in 2016.
RMB; 6,000 kW and above power generation capacity has been rising steadily, from 177.703 million kW in 2017. As investment in the 13th Five-Year Network has increased, it will stimulate the development and expansion of electrical appliances.
With the opening and further deepening of 5g operations, the investment in communications infrastructure, especially the construction of 5g base stations, must be accompanied by demand in the low-pressure electrical sector.
The country has followed a series of policies to support new sources of energy, and the intensive development of new sources of energy, such as wind and solar energy, is an important development for China’s energy industry in the next phase. The new energy sector is also a new growth point for the low-pressure electrical industry.
The industry can be divided into three categories of competing firms: one with a full range of products and a full range of competing firms. Transnational corporations, represented by abb, Schneider Electric, Rogran, Siemens, occupy the main share of high-end markets;2
Dry sub-products, firms engaged in local competition in the industry. The custom switches manufacturing company, Shanghai People’s Electric Power Plant, and Shanghai Liam Electric Co. Ltd. are in the second team, focusing on competition in the S2 market; and SMEs with no apparent product advantages or characteristics.
Foreign investment dominates high-end markets, where Schneider, as the leader of the entire industry, accounts for 15% of the market share; Schneider, Siemens and abb together account for more than a quarter of the market share. The company, as the leader of the s3 market, has a market share of about 15%.
Figure 15: The pattern of the market for low-pressure appliances. A breakthrough in domestic branding technology will accelerate the national production of low-pressure appliances at the mid-to-high end.
In the hands of cards, but as domestic brands develop and increase their production capacity, and as more and more firms purchase low-pressure appliances, they pay more attention to the value of their products than to the value of foreign brands, so the high-quality state-produced low-pressure appliances are expected to benefit from this environment.
Industrial technological advances are the central driving force behind changes in the structure of the industry. Some of the good domestic firms, with their overall system-based solutions and long-term accumulation of brand influence, are gradually participating in competition in high- and middle-end markets. Market patterns are becoming more pronounced from triangles to hammers, and demand for low-end products evolves towards medium-end products. This trend is due, on the one hand, to the restructuring of demand-side industries and increased demand for high-quality low-pressure electrical products.
Large, demand-driven changes in industrial structures, on the one hand, and advances in industrial technology, on the other, have contributed to product upgrading. We believe that, in the context of the evolution of industry patterns and product upgrading, the “Mathel effect” of industry competition patterns will gradually emerge, and low-pressure appliances, with strong R&D power and visible scale effects, will be expected to grow rapidly.
The company was established in August 1997 at the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 21 January 2010.
In 2016, after major asset restructuring, photovoltaic operations and assets were injected into the main business, which will be expanded from the development, production and marketing of pre-existing low-pressure appliances and related products to the development, construction, operation, production and sale of photovoltaic power plants, the production and sale of the epc engineering master package and solar cell assembly, with a stable equity structure of 2.1, fully tied to the industrial chain
The company’s largest shareholder is now the Genthai Group, with 45.46% of the shareholdings. Second, Gentsai Energy Investment Corporation, which is effectively controlled by the company, is also Chairman of the Genthai Electric Board, with 4.43% of the shareholdings.