There has been a significant improvement in the rate of Maori for low-pressure appliances, with a robust new energy operation totalling $4,243 million, an increase of 24.99 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $3.592 billion for parent companies, an increase of 26.47 per cent over the same period, equivalent to $1.67 per cent.
18% increase in the 19q1 battalion and 12% decrease in net profit from the parent, mainly due to the previous sale of power stations. The company published its first quarterly report in 2019, which generated operating income of $5,995 million, a 17.66% increase; and the net profit from the parent company was $542 million, a 11.60% decrease in the corresponding figure.
The decrease in the net profit from the parent ratio was mainly due to the higher return on investment recognized by the sale of power plants during the same period the previous year, which had a negative impact of $170 million, with the company ' s 1901 net profit from the mother increasing by more than 20 per cent after the elimination of the impact.  the low-pressure electrical business increased by the same 16 per cent, with a significant rebound in the Maori rate; and the steady and net profit of 19q1 battalion.
Over 20%. In 2018, the company collected $16.339 billion in low-pressure electrical plates, and in 18 years the industry performed less well. In 18 years, it collected $10.701 billion in the new energy business.
Review: Low-pressure electrical revenue ratio double-rich 2 and Gen-tae (601877): Low-pressure electricity income ratio double-harvesting, 2-quarter
The profits of the plate are expected to grow further; at the same time, there has been a steady growth in photovoltaic operations and the opening of overseas markets.” Good: 27.421 billion yuan in business earnings were achieved in 2018-04-23 2018, an increase of 17.10 per cent over the same period; total profits were realized in the amount of $4,243 million, an increase of the same amount.
In the fourth quarter of the year, operating income was 8.31 billion yuan, an increase of 11.10 per cent in the same year and 15.29 per cent in the ring; in real terms, 18 per cent for 19q1 battalions and 12 per cent for the mother ' s net profit, mainly affected by the previous sale of power stations. In the company ' s public paper, in the first quarter of 2019, the operating income of 19q1 was 5,995 million yuan, an increase of 17.66 per cent in the same year; and in the parent company it was achieved.
The net profit was $542 million, a decline of 11.60 per cent in the same year, or 0.25 per cent. The Māori rate of 19q1 was 26.89 per cent, a decrease of 0.61 pct. The lower return on the same year was mainly due to the higher return on investment recognized by the sale of power stations during the previous year, which affected $170 million net non-net profit, and the net profit on the company ' s 19q1 return increased by more than 20 per cent after the impact was eliminated.
Low-pressure electrical stores increased by the same 16 per cent, and the Māori rate rebounded significantly; the 19q1 battalion recovered steadily, with a net profit of more than 20 per cent.The company ' s low-pressure electrical plates recovered $16.339 billion in 2018, or 16.11 per cent; the Māori rate recovered by 33.99 per cent, compared to 33.99 per cent, mainly from falling raw material prices and increasing bargaining power.
Cost as a share of costs has increased, while raw materials have decreased, with an absolute increase of 12.34%, which is lower than the rate of increase in revenue; the sale of electrical appliances, final appliances and controlled appliances, which account for a higher share of income, has increased significantly. Overall, the recovery in the company’s Māori ratio has come from three sources: copper.
When the prices of the bulk of the raw materials fall, the cost of the raw materials drops; second, companies have a strong bargaining power in the industry, with high- and middle-end Kunlun, line-of-product price increases; and third, the efficiency gains from the downside of smart manufacturing. The future revenue growth of the real-time low-pressure plate comes from new markets, new products, and new customers: the positive-pressure low-pressure plate boom.
The speed is associated with the growth in real estate investment, which has been tightened in recent years and has been relatively low, which has had an impact on the growth of public revenue. The future growth in corporate revenue comes from the following components: (1) accelerating the expansion of the overseas market, with an 18-year low-pressure offshore operation of $1.935 billion, or 23.21 per cent, representing a share of the revenue generated by the flat.
11.50 per cent. (2) Medium- and high-end products are beginning to be released, with the upper end of the Gentinojak branding, where the competitors are mainly open, good faith, etc. in the country; the new brand, “Quinlon”, is high-end, targeting foreign investors, joint venture leaders, Schneider, abb, Siemens, etc., 18 years of further product rotation, Noyak's product development and breakthroughs, to be the company's Goon
In addition, the company ' s research and development investment continued to increase, with the promotion of new products for sale in 2018, through improved marketing networks at the provincial, district and county levels, with a cumulative total of 16 offices, more than 500 core distributors and more than 3600 distribution points, with high incentives and quick responses for distributors; and through direct sales.
On the other hand, the focus on electricity, machinery, communications, industry, construction and new energy industries, meeting the individualized needs of customers, has accumulated a combination of national networks, Nannet, energy, mobility, telecommunications, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
These include, inter alia, the Ministry for the Control of Electrical + Terminal Electrical + Distribution + Relay + Parts and Components, which has dropped by 4.48 per cent from the parent company by billions of yuan; and the net profit of $614 million, which has increased by 21.04 per cent. The increase in profits is also due mainly to an increase in the Māori ratio.
Figure 3: The recovery in corporate Māori has benefited in part from the fall in commodity prices in large volumes, Figure 4: The decline in real estate investment has affected the rate of growth in corporate income; the photovoltaic industry has performed weakly for 18 years, with RMB 10,701 million in 18 years, or 18.66 per cent, in the new energy business;
In addition, the company sold part of the shares of the power grid in Gansu, Ningxia, etc., to Zhejiang for 18 years, while the sale of the power plant affected the current performance of $501 million and significantly increased the profits, while at the same time in Jiangsu, Anhui, and Zhejiang.
The purchase of 17 power stations, etc., has increased the proportion of distributed power stations and has achieved a high Māori rate. The development of epc is record, and the overseas operation of epc is promising. In 2018, the development of epc was 661 mw, distributed 974 mw, a record high. In 18 years, 2,177 million yuan was collected, an increase of 19.36 per cent.
The outer pc is a bright spot, the Australian company completed its 40mw project just after its establishment in the second half of 2018, the Japanese and Korean epc business has grown steadily, and the projects under development in the global layout are more than 1 gw, with an expected release performance in 19 years. Households use 100,000 units to be installed at 1.5 times the same time a year, and the subsidy will grow in 19 years.
By the end of 18 years, the company had developed 149 core distributors at the household plate, expanded the distribution channel further and built up a complete overhaul.
In 2019, the photovoltaic subsidy policy landed, the amount of the subsidy and the size of the aircraft installed were fairly clear, and the company’s household business was expected to grow in a new round. The components were created to focus overseas, creating a first-tier supplier of efficient components: the end of the manufacture had battery chips and component capacity.
2gw and 2.5gw, respectively, where batteries are self-produced, sell 3.1gw for 18 years, of which 70 per cent are sold overseas; generate $6.246 billion, or 18.56 per cent more. The company is investing in the brand image of the first global supplier of the components, applying single crystal perc technology, with 72 components having a power of 395w, 350w, respectively;
Also based on monocrystal perc technology, dual-surface p battery and component products are developed: optimize the development of multi-crystal black silicon perc technology, work with silicon producers to validate higher-quality multi-crystal silicon technology, develop mb technology, half-crystal technology, stacking technology, etc. to ensure company leadership.
Cost-rate expenditure has been stable overall, increasing channels, direct sales teams, and higher sales and administrative costs. Company costs have increased by 18.68 per cent to $4.34 billion year-on-year, with an increase of 0.21 percentage points to 15.83 per cent for the period. Of this, 18 years of improved operating cash flows have led to an increase in inventory for the construction of the epc project.
The net inflow of $2.90 billion, an increase of 10.47 per cent over the previous year, has improved significantly; the cash available for the sale of commodities is $27,526 million, equivalent to $671 million more than last year, and the number of working days in receivables has fallen by 2.91 to 89.78 days. At the end of 2018, high-end products were released and concentrated, and plate profits are expected to increase further; and there has been a steady increase in photovoltaic operations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board