On 1 July 2020, the company entered into a contract for the construction of three 174,000 transport ships and three single vessels.
The company signed a charter party with China Petroleum International Ltd. for 20 years from the date of delivery. Multi-industry factors facilitated foreign trade.
Utilization rate. Domestic demand for crude oil recovered in the second quarter, with over-expected growth in imports. Domestic imports of crude oil grew by 10.9 per cent compared to 34 per cent in June.
The profits from the oil-for-trade operation have increased significantly, and companies will benefit from being the world’s largest oil tanker owners. Companies are the largest oil tankers with the largest global capacity, and foreign oil accounts for the largest share of corporate revenues, with export oils providing elastic performance historically. In the face of market volatility, companies are actively trading.
The number of ng ships has grown steadily, benefiting long-term development. Historically, the company’s oil operations along the coast (intra-trade) and ng transport operations have generally enjoyed a stable level of returns, providing a “security cushion” for the group’s performance.
The company entered into a contract for the construction of three lang shipping vessels, which will further expand the size of the company’s lang fleet and market share. As of the end of June, there were 36 lang ships in operation, representing an increase of 6 ships, in Beijing’s west-city area, in the middle of 28 Sinrixi Street.
The Heng Seong building at the Lukjiang Gate Road, the Free Trade Zone of China (Sichuan) free trade zone, Fukuda, Fukuwa, is free of charge on the 6th.
17th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th floor, Cheng City Highland Boulevard, where the report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be associated with this report.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company who has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to disclose it.
Clients of the company receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.