The secret to the success of the Mau-Dai wine - branding, heavy circuits, transfer techniques - is growing rapidly, and the wine industry has grown rapidly, and the Mo-Dai wine in Guizhou has gradually grown into a white wine dragon, and the market rate has risen significantly in 2001.
The annual white wine production of 4.202 million tons, the 2017 white wine production of 1,1981 million tons, and the market expansion of 18.5 per cent, with a compound growth rate of 3.92 per cent per year. Production increased from 8610 tons to 61,062 million yuan in Guizhou during the same period, a 36.7-fold increase.
In "plastic brands, heavy channels, transfer techniques," plastic brands -- from simple advertising promotion to historical culture -- have done a lot of work in branding culture and advertising.
Wine, but the theory that good wine doesn't worry about the depth of the alley doesn't apply to Mao Dai, because you've got a lot of work to do. From the Panamanian gold prize to the national prize, why don't you go from the Mao Chairman's directive to the national wine contest of 10,000 tons to the present day, which will always appear in history?
In the early years, Maoists promoted through newspapers, posters, television, etc., while in recent years they promoted them through bindings with history, personalities, etc., which went beyond the advertising effect of a simple bill, creating a brand culture and a history of brand names.
Heavy-channel profits increase the enthusiasm of distributors, the sale of white wine goes hand in hand, and the prosperity of wine companies goes in hand. Mao Tai attaches great importance to the development of distribution channels that allow wholesalers and distributors to make money, thus creating a virtuous circle.
It's always been the way it works. At the price, the distributor still gets a good profit. We measure the net profit of bottled wine from the kiosk channel by over 20%, and there's a good deal for distributors.
Great appeal. Against the backdrop of supply and demand, the channel has a lot of confidence in the huts, so that the city is certain that the Maori rate is sustainable and that many people in the field are targeting the kiosks at the dealers' hoarding.
The town is in a subtropical climate, in a special low-heat valley, and in a geowind.
The appearance, the water of the river, the special soil, suitable for the growth of microbes, while the millennia of the town's winemaking has fostered a unique microbiological environment, which is an important factor in the manufacture of the pottery. If you leave the town, some of the fragrance in the pottery is good.
It's not possible, and it's an important reason why Mao-Tai can't be replicated anywhere. Historically, whether official or civil, attempts to replicate the production of Mao-Tai have failed, and only the production of Ko-Dai in Guizhou is called Mau-Dai.
Mao Dai has a unique high-end alcohol culture in which the production process is not replicable, and the channels are highly controlled under the influence of profit. In this case, there are liquors, and the output is easily sold, which is recommended.
Alcohol culture has been unexpectedly affected; the economy has suffered from severe economic downsides that suppress the sale of high-end alcohol.