Three-quarter review of the daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: a single-season slowdown that does not hide yoga, and a reasonable growth in the future
I. Lower-than-expected distribution, higher-growth series, recovery of advance payments, total equity/flow (million shares)
This year’s lower than expected delivery in the third quarter of the single quarter led to a slowdown in the growth of the pow-barrel. According to the volume split, the estimates for the third quarter of the list correspond to a decline of 18 per cent in the volume of pow-barrel shipments and an increase of 22 per cent in the price of tons.
The price increases and product structure upgrades led to an increase in tonnage, which supported a small increase in revenue in a single quarter.
Cumulatively, the first three quarters were almost equal, accounting for about 74 per cent of last year ' s total balance -- 2018/08/02; the previous three quarters saw income from the last three quarters, 46.265 million yuan, or 20.47 per cent, or 20.47 per cent of the total last year.
In comparison, the premium dividend contributed the bulk of the increase in the income from the pots. Assessment: the impact of the delay in delivery is increasing, and the price increase is not sufficient.
The revenue from the three-quarter series increased by 32.01% in the first half of the year and continued to grow at a high rate.
Review: Performance exceeded expectations, and this year was a better year, stimulating price increases for products in the form of annualization of a series of wine cores.
The changes in the channel policy and the easing of early payment restrictions have led to an upturn in the advance payments at the end of the reporting period. 11,168 million dollars in advance payments, corresponding to the current value of approximately two months of the season, are clearly beyond the normal period of time for making payments until the date of delivery and recognition of income, and can be understood as a change in channel policy.
Our point is that the volume of pottery delivery is falling in proportion to what was expected, and below what was expected is the magnitude of the drop. Without considering the increase in advance collection, the volume of pottery delivery is higher than we've judged in the previous period.
9,200 tons is less than 1,100 tons; if the amount of additional advance receipts is considered, the corresponding amount of shipment is considered.
The supply and demand structure and price system have a lower probability of a drop in supply throughout the year, but if the entire part of the supply deficit in the single three quarters is smoothed down to the fourth quarter of the year, it is too large for a single four-quarter. Based on reasonable assumptions, we determine that the volume of the single four-quarters is the same as last year.
When you adjust, you can see about 8,000 tons of poo liquor to be sold in four quarters alone. Considering that this spring is 11 days ahead of last year, and that the borrowing policy is relatively flexible, the goal is relatively reasonable.
If there are no major deviations in the volume of goods delivered and product structure in four quarters alone. Basically, the tax-free tonnage fell to around 2.08 million tons throughout the year, consistent with our previous judgement, the price increase dividend, the return of the Māori rate in three quarters of the single, and the change in product structure in the ring by two quarters.
The effects include a series of alcohol distribution rhythm controls and an increase in the price of the mahogany; and a series of wines with an annualized increase in prices. The Māori Ring rise is expected, but the Māori increase is slightly lower than expected because of the lower-than-expected pace of delivery.
The sales cost rate for the three quarters alone is only 3.28%, close to the same period last year. The cumulative sales cost rate is also calculated on the basis of a 40% increase in sales costs for the entire budget, and the cumulative sales cost rate is still clear. 103 new domestic distributors and 3 fewer foreign distributors in the three quarters alone.
The new distributors should continue to be dominated by a series of wine dealers, and the new recruits are moving well, and with the fall in sales costs, the entire process of the new recruits can be judged to be in line with expectations. Long-term trends suggest that the new vendors should continue to strengthen the pots, while increasing their size; and that they should be made to make a big, powerful series of wines.
The trend will not change. In the past few quarters, the faster growth of the series has pushed the Māori rate up, but it has been accompanied by a certain size of the series, a relatively stable product structure, and a gradual increase in the price of both Mautai and the series, which should be upward in the future.
On balance, there is room for improvement in the overall profitability of alcohol. In addition, the current distribution of a series of wines for new vendors and marketing of products has resulted in higher sales costs. But, with the expansion of markets and the economic effects of expansion, the cost rate is down.
A gradual increase in profitability and a downward trend in the cost rate will guarantee a sustained increase in net interest rates for the future. Kotai, Guizhou, reports three quarters: a single-season slowdown that does not hide yoga, will continue to grow reasonably in the future.
Our point of view is that the recovery of the Maori rate is only the beginning. The profit from the pot is huge, and the profit from the tap is only possible at the right time, or by raising the price or forming a joint company to cut the profit; and the series of wines, as the price rises and is filled, will increase and raise the price, and so will the profitability.
Further increases, with Māori rates still having room to go up when the product structure stabilizes. And long-term, leading firms and high-end brands like Maotai are bound to go down with scale. As long as these trends remain unchanged, short-term fluctuations in income, costs, and performance are not a cause for concern.
III. Looking forward to four quarters and next year, the recovery of income and profits has been faster, with certainty still the strongest, and supply and demand are still tight, with bulk and retail prices not falling significantly after the season. In terms of current supply and demand structures and price systems, four quarters of income and performance are not needed.
If this year’s delivery is relatively small, the base is lower for this year, and next year’s growth elasticity is stronger. Our point is that last year’s base for the last quarter is not too high.
Sales are growing, and prices are expected to grow faster in the fourth quarter, even if the profit forecast is adjusted downwards, and 21% of the year’s income growth is likely to be achieved. Cost falls in line with expectations, and the market’s confidence in corporate control over channels and operations is strong.
There's no big problem with the faster pace of profit growth. In 2019, the market's concern about the lack of gin and wine was long overdue, and we have repeatedly reiterated that companies can secure revenue in 2019 by smoothing the volume of goods they deliver, and by adjusting channel policies and planning in advance.
There has been growth. With a smooth transition in 2019, the volume of the puppies in 2020 and the real size of the series of wines up, the future will be a more stable, high-quality investment target with a stronger consumer identity, with the highest degree of certainty.
Taking into account the progress made in the delivery of Maoutai wine and the rationality of this year’s single four quarters, we slightly revised the profit forecast for the entire year, and correspondingly, slightly modified next year’s income and performance expectations. In 2019, it was only 19.12 times as much. The company was the absolute leader of the white wine, and at the same time also performed.
Rapid growth and certainty. Stock prices support both at the performance and valuation levels.
Three-quarterly review of Maotai, Guizhou: A single-season slowdown that doesn't hide yoga, and a reasonable growth in the future, looks at the long run, with a net profit of about $51.2 billion in 2020, conservatively set at 20 times pe, reasonable.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.