The fall in goods to King 3q puts pressure on the seller's market to continue with the long-term logic of the company's revenue of $52.2 billion in the first and third quarters, 23 per cent higher and net profit of $24.7 billion higher.
Higher than comparable base, 2) less traffic in the last three quarters of the year, 3) macroeconomic fluctuations have slowed down the rate of increase in the series. According to business data, 46.3 billion menopause, a 20% increase in volume, were collected during the year.
Continues. On a single quarter, about 0.84 million tons (of which about 0.70 million tons were supplied during the Mid-Autumn Festival) were calculated, a decline of about 17.65 per cent in the same year, but the benefits were raised at the beginning of the year, 16,882 million dollars were collected in the third quarter, an increase of 0.63 per cent, and 1.94 billion dollars were collected in the series, an increase of 1.94 billion.
As a result of the promotion of the “133” brand strategy and the “5+5” market strategy for the soy sauce series, the market input was increased by 43.87 per cent over the same period of time for sales.
In the future, with the current market and the price of the bottle still on the seller's market, there is a contradiction between supply and demand, and capacity constraints continue to be a major problem for the house.
As a result of the downside, the production of the puppies will contract in 2019, subject to macroeconomic and policy influences, and institutional investors’ share of the circulation a will increase the price of the plant or the resistance, but this will not preclude its possibility.
In the end of the year or so, new products from the main weddings market will be launched, and the product mix will continue to be rich, with a certain degree of improvement in the supply and demand of the market and in the structure of the product. In the long run, the Maoists have started to expand their production capacity and are expected to improve production to a certain extent.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.