We'll be able to keep the rest of the year going, and we'll be able to keep the landing steady.
The company achieved business income of RMB 19.718 billion in 18q3, an increase of 3.81 per cent in the same year; the mother ' s net gain of RMB 8,969 million, a growth rate of 2.71 per cent in the same year; the income profit growth slowed to a sustained growth of RMB 54.969 billion in the exchange adjustments; the company ' s operating income increased by 23.56 per cent in the previous three quarters of 18; the mother ' s net gain of RMB 24.734 billion, an increase of 23.77 per cent in the same year. 18q3 companies achieved operating income of RMB 19,718 million, a growth rate of 3.81 per cent in the same year;
A smooth switch will result in more sustained medium- and high-speed growth, which we still see for the long term. Advance payments rise, release the pace slow. Company advances $11,168 million at the end of the third quarter, ring rises by $1,228 million, and advances \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
We believe that the decline in advance receipts will continue to be a major trend, and that the future current reports will be more transparent and reflect the true situation of current sales. The cost side has improved significantly, the wine series has matured, and profitability has increased slightly.
\triangleright, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, 2.04pct, continues to operate at low levels, approaching historical low values; sales cost is 5.18 per cent, down 1.06 pct, series of liquor markets
Seventy-six percent of the year's plan. Validating our logic of “riching down the product structure and upgrading upwards” to the core monolith, we have laid a solid foundation for creating a future “big sauce” environment, and the disadvantage of the sub-high, medium series of alcohol on Maori rates will be supplemented by the growing maturity of the series and the upgrading of the high-end wine.
The percentage of the camp has fallen slightly, and the country's change signals are visible. The percentage of the main base camp in Guizhou has fallen slightly from 7.72% in the last three quarters to 7.41%. Continued reliance on the existing \triangleright distribution system is a trend towards the development of the base, but as a means of easing price fluctuations, the construction of the system of channels of diversification will be a major priority for the future.
In the current macro-level environment, where economic expectations are weak, it is proposed to “promote”.