Three key issues -- price increases, internal fixes, quarterly performance -- we believe that the four-quarter performance is expected to pick up significantly, and internal fixes will help the profit flow back.
In 19 years, there was a possibility of continuing to raise prices.
The expectation is lower. Analyse the historical relationship between Mao Dai's speeches and price increases, and combine the latest supply and demand situation with profit judgements. We believe that, while Mao's prices will not be raised in the short term, there is still a high probability of price increases in 2019, at a point or in the second quarter.
When prices are stable, they ensure that they do not have a negative social impact. Internal fixes help channel profits return.
20%, and the current Māori rate is more than 40%. Compared to the profit of a single bottle of five grains and fluids, the profits are also high at $700.
Four quarters of performance is expected to pick up significantly. Markets differ significantly over the four quarters, with one side performing below expectations for three quarters, and underlying concerns are heightened, while Maotai’s early planning is low.
Channel stock is over-expected, market style is changing. We believe that Maotai’s four-quarter performance is expected to pick up significantly, and internal fixation will help the channel return to profit.
33.53 dollars, 27 per cent and 23 per cent more than the previous year.
In 19 there was a possibility of continuing to raise prices, and the market's recent no-price stance led to a lower expectation of a 19-year-old price increase.
Foreign distributors meeting, Chairman of the Board, commented on market concerns about price increases: “This year and for some time to come, the price of the pots and series of wines is not going to be the same: an analysis of the historical relationship between the kowtows and the price increases, and the price increases in the following year, after the caps have made no price increases. According to the Washington Wine News, in August October, Tykeron said, “The pows are not going to be raised because of the volatility of market prices.
In May 17, Li Bao Fung stated at the Shareholders Meeting that “the price of the plant is not expected to be adjusted this year by $819 to ensure reasonable profits for the distributor” and that the price was raised in January 18. In November, the Chairman of the Board stated that the time period in which the price would not be raised was “this year and for some time to come” rather than next year.
In the years from 09 to 12, the white wine industry was in a boom-bust cycle, with a continuous increase in the spread and three price increases during the period. 12 to 16 years, exposed to external environmental impacts, industry entry into adjustment periods, and batch prices continued to fall, leaving prices at $819. As the industry recovered and the price spread widened, 18% was raised at the end of 17 years.
The country’s first brand, its tendency to enjoy a higher concentration of brands, and a steady increase in the price of a batch of prices. Mao’s ability to stabilize terminal prices at the time the prices are proposed, ensuring that they do not have a negative social impact.
If you avoid the sensitive moments of spring, and the company captures the pace of delivery, stabilizes the end price of the product, and does not create negative public opinion pressure. Analysis of the relationship between the historical high-level speeches and price increases, and taking into account the latest supply and demand situation and profit judgements of the channel, we agree.
In 2019, there was a high probability of price increases, at a point or in a second quarter, even though they were not raised in the short term. Internal fixes helped to return the profits of the channel, both vertically and horizontally, and the current profits of the channel are high. According to our calculations, the profit margin of the channel has been low since 08 to date.
The historical hub of the Māori Merchant Rate is 20%, with a current Māori rate of over 40%. The profits are also high in comparison to the 20-30 yuan single bottle for a single batch of grain fluids.
On November 19, Wang Xiaowei served as secretary-general, director-general and accountant of the Mao Tai Group, deputy director-general of Mao Tai Li, and head of the marketing company Wang Xiaoyulin, as head of the party committee of Mao Tai Li, director-general and Chen Hua, as well as as as head of the company's electronics company. According to a news report from the liquor industry, the company will be engaged in a special remediation campaign since November 22 in an effort to create a climate of peace.
Good marketing environment. With the current high profit margins, internal correction has helped to return profits through product price increases or upswings, four quarters of performance growth is expected to pick up significantly. Markets differ more widely over the four quarters, with three quarters below expectations, basic concerns rising, and a year later.
Early planning is low, but we don't think there's a need for pessimism in the 4th quarter. (1) In the 3rd quarter of 18th year, the 3rd quarter, we discussed in the 3rd quarter, that the real demand for Mao is not bad, that the high base is the main cause of the growth and decline, that the revenues are concentrated in the 3rd quarter of 17 years, and that, according to the Federation of Finance, Deputy General Mao, speaking on December 5th at the China Entrepreneurs' Forum in 2018, the Group is expected to complete a sale of 90 billion dollars.
Targets, based on the Group’s 90 billion dollars (including taxes), could also significantly slow down the growth rate of 4q18. However, with reference to historical data for 16-17 years, revenues are ultimately much higher than planned at the beginning of the year and need not be matched to the plan.
According to the August news, the January-February 2019 plan is likely to be implemented ahead of schedule in December. (2) According to news from Mao Dai, Mao Dai issued a notice on 30 November on the sale of the Maathai part of the wine in Guizhou, which will limit the distribution of gin and fine wine to special stores and special distributors, and none of the products released will take up the 2018 tavern contract.
It is assumed that an additional 500 to 1,000 tons of non-square platforms are expected to be added. We have a strong incentive to release the company’s performance over the last four quarters. Stock prices have been rewinded significantly since the three-quarters report, and companies have issued production and business announcements indicating that sales are normal, that the internal and external operating environment has not changed significantly, and that the annual plan is expected to be exceeded.
At the Foreign Dealer Congress, Chairman Mao Dai re-emphasized that the actual results would exceed the plan, exceeded the expectations, and set out the principle of “quickness, no room, no back road.” According to the announcement and the senior executives, the firm has a strong incentive to perform on four quarters, and the acceleration loop is expected to pick up significantly from the third quarter.
We believe that the four-quarter performance of Mao Dai is expected to pick up significantly, that the internal correction will help channel profit flow back, that it may drive 19 years of over-expected performance, that the pipeline stock will be over-expected, and that the market style will be changed.