October 31st, 2019.
Three-quarter reviews: Self-employed, investing in good Chinese securities, three-quarter reports, $32.8 billion in revenue, 20.5 per cent in yoy, $10.5 billion in net gain, 43.6 per cent in yoy, with a net gain of $4.1 billion in 3q and 133 per cent in yoy in the first three quarters of 2019.
Three quarters of the year saw the benefits of a better capital market performance, with a better self-employment of the CCM; a more robust growth of the investment portfolio, with a new business build-up brought about by the start-up board; and a consolidation of corporate leadership in the bond industry this year. More direct financing at the regulatory level.
Under the circumstances, as a front-runner, the Sino-Tinse securities deserve to benefit. In terms of valuation, the current valuation is relatively reasonable. On the whole, we continue to advise on the investment with the “buy-in.” The net gain of 1-3q2019 is 43.6%: Sino-Kin securities issue three quarterly reports, and companies 1-3q2019 collect.
Self-investing is flexible, and the start-up board provides additional investment: at the income end, the first three quarters saw faster growth in corporate investment, credit and self-investment, by 22.7 per cent, 19.2 per cent and, above all, by good equity markets.
The net revenue from operating charges fell by 2.5% to 5.5 billion – mainly due to pressure on commission rates and increased competition; The net income from operating charges fell by 1.0% to 4.1 billion . The estimate is related to the restructuring of companies in the context of the new regulations.
Growth, of which the net operating income of the investment bank increased by 70 per cent, with $1.2 billion recorded, mainly in the form of venture capital growth and business facilitation; self-investment was nearly double that of the same period last year, at $4.5 billion (based on the corresponding increase in the return on investment during the same period of the year prior to the China-China investment); corporate brokering was marginalized and achieved.
Institutional investors accounted for 9.7 per cent of the share in circulation, recording a positive increase of 1.9 billion; however, there was some negative growth in the credit sector, with a decline of nearly 30 per cent in 3q.
State securities have been approved by the CSRC. After buying them, it is expected that the Sino-China securities will be replenished in the south of the country, and that they will be strengthened to further strengthen their role in the securities industry and achieve a better scale effect. Based on the current progress of the acquisitions, we estimate that this year we will be able to achieve a greater impact on the Guangzhou securities.
One billion (the continuation of the reduction in the holdings of Sino-Kinji equities and the consolidation of Guangzhou securities is considered), whichever is the expected remuneration (expected return; er), is as follows:
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificates (HKC) Ltd. and by the Group Certificates (HKCL) Ltd. are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may use or make any action based on information or research prior to receipt of the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
@. This report ... is not intended to promote or induce customers to trade in the certificates mentioned in this report. _capitalgare#2iiiTaibei Hong Kong Shanghai 31 October 2019