The company is the largest securities firm in the country.
The scope is as follows: securities brokering; securities investment consulting; financial advisers related to securities trading, portfolio investment activities; securities underwriting and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; and equity management.
The securities keep or gain a leading position in a number of areas of business.
The center of the economy, further refining the financing arrangements, wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers, market important investors and risk managers, five major players, no.
The company relies on the top of the securities industry, and the Sino-Sin quarterly reports give up an excellent response. Shareholders and Sino-Kin banks, the Sino-Trust Trust, the Shinto Life Insurance.
As can be seen, the performance of companies in the reporting period has increased at a slower rate than that of many small and medium-sized coupons, and the combined business model of trust-held shares, where companies have formed together, has had a significant advantage, reflecting to some extent the fact that the business model of companies is influenced by market dynamics.
Together with the Sino-Chinese International Financial Holdings, they offer clients a weaker position, relatively stable business performance, less cyclical attributes than the industry, and already have some of the most alpha bond dealers in the industry.
After the CVM is adopted, the acquisition process is about to accelerate and be completed within the next year. The future company will work with the Vietnamese group to develop resources in Hong Kong, Australia, South-East Asia, business development space, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (600030): Market reheating and stimulating dividends boosted the company's performance, with a higher performance in the third quarter of 2018, as a result of a boom in equity markets during the reporting period.
In the third quarter, the growth rate was 52 per cent for the single quarter and 133 per cent for the net profit of the mother. Self-investment operations (including direct investment, private equity investment and derivative investment) were the largest contributors, with investment returns & fair value changes totalling $12.27 billion, an increase of 89 per cent over the previous period.
In addition to investment-type operations, the investment business generated significant growth in the company’s performance. The net income from the company’s investment business during the reporting period was $2,981 million, or 22.68 per cent more than the previous period. Of this, the roll-out of the venture board was successful. By the end of the reporting period, the company had declared 15 projects, five of which were listed as successful, third in the industry and second in the industry.
Business income of $458 million and investment in gold and stones is about $316 million. We find that the ipo market at the beginning of the year to date has been marked by a marked increase in the rate of over-opportunity over the same period in 2018, and by a decrease in the average size of the project. In this pattern, the bargaining power of the head bank has been gained to reflect the fact that the rapid downward trend in the premium rate has been effectively curbed during the intense price battle.
In other operations, the rate of commissions continued to decline (3.2 per 10,000) and the income from surrogate financial products decreased the revenue from brokering activities during the reporting period; under the new regulations, the decline in the income from active and corridor operations led to a decline in income from managed operations, but the positive growth in management costs of the summer fund reduced the negative impact; the Department of Public Affairs took the initiative to reduce the size of the pledge of stocks and ease the risk of pledge from the pressure on credit operations, but the market grew and net revenue from the financing coups after the warming of the market grew.
In the broader context of financial sector openness to the outside world, headers with stronger capital power and relatively high-quality resources have a better chance of winning the competition, the equity sector’s “Mathea effect” will continue to grow, and the resource and policy dividends will continue to rise to the top of high ratings.
The company is currently only 1.7 x 19pb, which is located at the downside risk in the domestic economy: the risk of increased trade disputes between the US and China: the risk of falling capital markets: the risk of financial regulation being stronger than expected: the risk of mobility being weaker than expected; and the risk of underperformance.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. The 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Group in 2015 and the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Group in 2016.
Team member: In 2015, the ninth crystal ball non-golden finance industry was ranked first, and in 2016, the tenth crystal ball non-golden finance industry was the second member of the team. The analyst’s own research view. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.