The company disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2019, when it achieved business income of $32.774 billion, an increase of 20.45 per cent over the same period, and now returns to the mother ' s net profit of $10.52 billion, an increase of 43.84 per cent over the same period, higher than expected performance growth, weighted average net asset return
The three-quarterly report on SCM has a weighted average net asset return of 6.68 per cent, annualized roe 8.91 per cent, up from nearly three years, and the growth in self-employment has been the main driver.
Bonds: Growth in the contribution of heavy asset operations, 11 percentage points, a slight increase of 0.16 percentage points in the share of investments, and a small decline in the share of other operations, with a relatively large decline of 4 percentage points in the share of brokering operations.
Portfolio (600030.sh): Benefit capital markets in a flexible financial management system that saves financial costs while reducing volatility in performance and effectively controls portfolio market winds
Deepening the reforms, leading the way to a valuation premium.
From the third quarter of the stock market, the CSS stock was consolidated, and the third quarter of the operations of the CCM stock was warmed up, with a three-quarter increase of RMB 2,981 million in revenue, an increase of 22.67 per cent over the same period, and a significant improvement over the average rate (3.06 per cent). By the third quarter of 2019, the market was the first. The first and additional funds were raised and raised (by the owner of the investment) were RMB 269.24 and RMB 21,258 million, respectively.
The market share is 19.21% and 20.06%, respectively, all ranked first in the industry, with an exclusive share of about 20% in the equity financing market. On the creative side, of the 40 companies that are currently listed on the market, the Sino-Sin securities are responsible for five independently, two jointly for two jointly raised funds amounting to $20.6 billion, and the amount and volume of the commitments are ranked first in the industry.
During the 53rd meeting of the Commission on Mergers and Reorganizations, held on 30th of 2019, the issue of shares in Sino-Sin securities was unconditionally approved, and Sino-Sin securities were proposed to issue 810 million shares in the amount of $16.62 per unit.
The price of the purchase was $13.5 billion from the Guangzhou equity of the Guangzhou Futures and the Golden Eagle Fund. The Guangzhou Certificate, a long-standing bond dealer based in Guangzhou who has been plowing south China, ranked the industry of $3.18 billion as the first 56th in 2018. The Sino-Sin securities acquisition was mainly to preserve the Guangzhou securities south China and Cho in terms of business integration.
In the first three quarters of Sino-Sin securities, revenue from the same period has been shrinking, and the acquisition of wide-scale certificates will directly enhance the firm’s ability to compete for brokering in South China and share the development dividend of the Great Bay region of Hong Kong.
Profit forecasting and investment ratings Business integration is not as effective as expected, less advanced than expected, stock pledge risk, liquidity risk, policy push, research team sales team
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.