Corporate rating report  The securities industry has a strong lead in the acquisition of Guangzhou securities □ on October 31st, the Chinese letter securities published a three-quarterly report in 2019, and the company achieved total operating income during the reporting period
32.777 billion yuan, or 20.45 per cent over the same period; net return returns of 10,522 million yuan over the previous three quarters, with a strong investment position. In the previous three quarters, corporate investment income increased by 2,981 million yuan, or 22.67 per cent over the same period.
As the capital market reforms move forward, the market opens up, registration reforms accelerate, merger and restructuring policies are well developed, and the advantages of leading companies are reflected in the company’s ongoing benefits.
On October 30, the company issued a circular stating that the company's certification commission for the purchase of Guangzhou securities had passed unconditionally. The company acquired 100% of the Guangzhou securities in the amount of $13.46 billion, using the Guangzhou securities network of customers in the South China region, to tap into business resources and enhance their competitiveness in the South China region.
After that, it is expected that the share of corporate brokerage will rise to the top 10 in the South China region, and that the size of the brokering operation will grow and increase its long-term profitability. □ The return on investment has performed well.
There has been a significant increase in the company’s own operating income. According to a communiqué issued by China-China on 25 June, Sino-Kinji’s securities plan reduces its holdings of 427 million Sino-Kinjia shares based on market prices. The investment proposal: as industry leader, the company’s business structure is balanced, and the company’s operations are in the vanguard.
As capital market reforms deepen, medium- and long-term capital flows enter the a-share market, leading securities dealers will benefit more from the policy dividend, and company valuations are currently below the historical median, which is expected to further improve valuations. Moreover, the acquisition and consolidation of Guangzhou securities will help improve the national distribution of corporate brokerage.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report. In the six months following the report’s release, the firm/industry ups and downs were based on the upwards and drops in the index/subsidiary index for the same period.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending the securities in the report. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may provide or seek to raise them.
For investment banking or other services.