(b) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) average daily market price of $9,400 per ton, average monthly price of $9272 per ton, an increase of 2.76 per cent in ring comparison.
Since May, small-scale production has improved, and large-scale production and sales have improved over the previous period, together with the recent cost of raw materials.
We believe that the new price model is expected to continue, and that with the advent of three seasons of domestic and foreign booms, supply and demand will continue to improve, long-silence firms will be better able to negotiate, and long-silent. The growth in new production capacity will slow considerably, and the supply side will improve significantly.
In the immediate high-capacity phase, the peak period for the elixir industry, which began in 2024, has come to an end, with an expected new capacity of 1.2 million tons in 2024, which is significantly slower than in the last few years to improve the pattern. As the leading business markets increase further, it is forecast that future domestic washing will take place in the country.
Foreign demand is expected to rise, and domestic demand is expected to improve. The sales of US retail stores of clothing is declining steadily, and the stock cycle is expected to expand in 2024. On the domestic demand side, as the largest share.
As of 2023, the company had 3.55 million tonnes of silhouette capacity, and the product was differentiated dty.
Mainly. With 550,000 tonnes/year of regenerative polyester fibre production, it is the world's leading. The company's faulty competition strategy, which focuses on the development and production of ultra-fiber, differentiated functional fibres, is known as the “global differential fibre expert”, leading the profit-making industry. As of 2024/06/28,
• High-end layouts enrich the product matrix. Large chains expand supply capacity, and the company’s new energy-generation strategy of “1+n” became fully operational in 2023.
Follow-up expansion planning for eeva, acrylonitrile, degradation materials, total future new materials 1. Integrated production of refined materials with demand expected to return to tons of acetic acid, 200,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons, 300,000 tons of poe, 300,000 tons/year of butol devices,
2. Macro-volatility leads to pressure on performance, demand is promising, targets are nationalized and chains of refining extension chains are replaced, and companies will build them.
3. The industrial chain layout, which features the poe+eva photovoltile particles, with the introduction of the lithium electric materials track, has the potential to be light-loaded and to be repaired for profit. The company ' s scrubbering plate benefits from the industry view.
As crude oil price fluctuations are higher than expected and companies plan to use legitimate compliance information to produce the report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report come from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.