Raw material fluctuations were smelted and demand elasticity was expected for the season. On 29 August, the Eastern Rainbow released its semi-annual report for 2024, achieving business income of $72,834 million, the highest/minimum (in yuan) for nearly 12 months.
● Refining the pressure, polyester fibres and new energy plates with the same improvement, company prices compared to the trend of 300 deep crude oil market price volatility, inadequate downstream demand in the petrochemical industry, corporate ownership, etc.
Price fluctuations result from the subsidiary's caliber, which is 49,943 million yuan in the first half of the year, a net profit of $46 billion; 10,638 million yuan in the Srbn petrochemical camp, a net profit of $518 million; increased storage, interest expenditure, resulting in increased sales costs and financial costs.
At 0.68 per cent, the level of R & D inputs at the company level remained stable, and at the operational level, based on our tracking, 2024q2 pta-px/px-plear oil/meg-ethylene quarterly ring differentials in the price of petrochemical plates
1. Refining light-loading, long-silent re-enhancement of pressure. At the material end, in the second quarter of 2024, geo-circumstances increased in April, oil prices increased significantly. 2. Cost-crowded performance, and new material strategies were comprehensive.
After rising to its highest level since then, international crude oil prices have been declining on a monthly basis, but their average prices have risen over the first quarter of 2024, thus increasing the prices of this quarter.
2024q2 New energy material plate price differential dty-pta-meg/fdy - price differential for polyester fibre plate
In the medium term, at the end of the supply cycle, the growth rate of new production can be significantly slower and the supply pattern improved; at the end of the demand side, the country is expected to make a elastic season.
Overseas demand is expected to catch up with the reservoir cycle, and domestic demand is expected to grow. • High-end layouts are rich in product matrices, scalable chains are expanding supply capacity 2023. The company's “1+n” new energy materials strategy is fully operational.
The company has further planned a follow-up expansion plan for the eva, acrylic, and degradable materials, which will triple the total amount of new materials in the future, and will continue to boost the company’s profits.
High-end new material projects such as polyolefin elastomers (poe) to promote the production of new materials for high-end chemical industries, with the goal of nationalizing substitution, leading to a high-end transformation of the petrochemical industry chain.
42 lines of production including long silk (pre-optimal silk) and 6 lines of production for the fibres project (Fdy (all-extended silk)
One phase of new public support facilities, such as psa units, accompanied compressor systems, power transformers, control rooms, etc., which will allow for the realization of rainbow smelting (Lian)
Hydrogen 300000nm3/h. New low-temperature methanol wash-down, limited public unit modifications, deep-cold separation units and acetic acid units and accessories.
In the case of recycling stations, initial rainwater harvesting ponds, foam stations, aberrates projects, power stations, control rooms, raw materials/product storage tanks, etc.
(a) Other support facilities depend on existing plant areas where crude oil and coal prices fluctuate significantly;
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.