The growth rate of revenue is rising and the market is rising, and attention is being paid to the exposure of undesirable risks. The first quarter of the harvest is better than market expectations, and non-interest income is rising. Companies are leading retail, they have a suction advantage, and the accumulation of retail customers contributes to the growth of fees and fees.
With better growth, companies continue to increase their contribution, increasing their coverage and increasing their resilience to risks. But we are also concerned that by the first quarter of the year, the impact of the epidemic, the bad winds of company retail credit, has led to rising revenue and negative market performance, and we are concerned about exposure to adverse risks.
In the first quarter of the year, the growth rate rose by 11.44% compared to 2019 (8.51%) and 2.9 percentage points compared to 2019 (8.51%). The company’s non-interest income performance led to an increase in the growth rate.
This represents an increase of 21.6 per cent compared to 2019 (9.57 per cent) and a significant increase of 15.2 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the spread of bond prices, the spread of fund dividends and the increase in unlabelled investment returns. Net profits increased by 10.1 per cent compared to 5.2 percentage points lower in 2019 as a result of the increase in the company ' s provision in the first quarter.
At the end of the asset, the credit side is influenced by the lpr reforms and the downward trend in the pricing of loans; in addition,
One quarter retail ring ratio growth (0.43%) is lower than the ratio of public (9.1%) and paper (25.7%), and credit card lending in the retail credit structure, as compared to 2 to 26.8% down at the end of 2019, puts downward pressure on the rate of return on credit. But the company’s one quarter liability end-of-cost rate has improved, and we believe it has benefited.
According to our calculations, the end-of-cycle end-of-cycle cost ratio ratio ratio ratio is down by 6bp. As a follow-up to the outlook, we believe that interest differentials remain narrow, influenced by asset end-of-end rates of return.
▪ Retail exposure accelerates, attention is paid to asset quality trends.
The card, consumer non-performing ratio ring increases 54bp, 17bp to 1.89%, 1.35%, resulting in a low retail failure rate in the industry, a lag in the impact of the epidemic on asset quality, and a follow-up shift in asset quality. Companies have increased their provisioning capacity, a quarterly coverage rate, and a separate loan allocation ratio.
The main risk to Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. rating is that the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
The Bank of Merchants publishes the first quarter of 2020, with a net profit of +10.12 per cent. Total assets of $7.77 trillion (+14.3 per cent), with no-interest performance, raise the market.
The company’s non-interest income performance has led to an increase in the rate of revenue growth. The first quarter’s non-interest income has increased by 21.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared to 2019, when revenues from finance and sales funds increased. Retail advantage in hiring has led the same business, retailers have a solid base, retail customers at the end of the quarter have a total of 146 million customers (including debit and credit card customers), an increase of 1.39 per cent over the previous year, with the number of gold sunflowers and more than the previous year’s clients.
With an increase of 5.34% at the end of the year, the company’s retail customer base has contributed to a rapid increase in the company’s non-interest income. However, due to the epidemic, the contribution of banking card operations, payment settlements, etc., to fee income is expected to decline in the first quarter. For other non-interest income, investment returns increased by 48.9% over the year, mainly due to spreads in bond prices, fund dividends and non-valued returns on paper.
The impact of this decline is that interest net revenue decelerated by 2.4 percentage points to 5.50% over the year 2019. Because of the firm’s contribution capacity in the first quarter, the absolute level remains at the forefront of the industry.
A quarterly spread of 16bp to 2.56% below the same year, mainly influenced by the downside rate of return on the asset end. On the asset end, the credit side, influenced by the lpr reforms, showed a clear downward trend in the pricing of loans; on the other hand, the one quarter epidemic had a greater impact on retail credit, and the one-quarter retail ring was between 2 percentage points and 26.8% below the end of the year, putting downward pressure on the credit rate of return.
But the corporate end-of-the-life cost rate has improved, and we believe that we have benefited from an optimized end-of-the-debt structure, enhanced high-cost savings controls, and reduced market-based debt cost pressures. The first quarter was a 6.59% increase in the deposit ring, which drove deposits up 1.3 to 73% from the end of 2019. According to our calculations, the end-of-the-cycle end-calibre end-of-the-life cost ratio is 6 bp below.
In the outlook, we believe that, as a result of downfalls in asset end-of-end rates of return, interest differentials remain narrow. Retail risk exposure has accelerated, and attention has been paid to asset quality trends.
While the quality of the assets has remained steady for the first quarter, with a negative ratio ranging from 5 bp to 1.16 per cent below, mainly due to a sharp drop in the public credit deficit (33 bp), we are concerned that, as a result of the epidemic, the personal credit card, the poor consumer lending ratio have risen by 54 bp, 17 bp to 1.89 per cent, and 1.35 per cent, resulting in an increase in the retail negative ratio by 14 bp to 0.87 per cent, the company ' s credit card and poor consumer lending rates are still in the industry.
Retail interest and lag ratio rises by 33bp, 60bp to 1.51%, 1.80%. According to our calculations, the company has a negative production rate of 0.6% in the first quarter, keeping the industry low, and, given the lag in the impact of the epidemic on asset quality, will need to be followed by changes in asset quality.
By raising the ring ratio by 24.5/0.04 percentage points to 451 per cent (5.01 per cent) respectively, the risk resilience is further enhanced. The first quarter of the campaign performed better than the market expected, rising in 2019 at a higher rate than the previous year, with a sharp increase in non-interest income.
Under this scheme, companies have been increasing their capacity to provide higher coverage and increase their resilience to risks. But we are also concerned that, by the first quarter of the year, due to the epidemic, the adverse exposure to retail credit from companies has accelerated, and that there is a need to follow up on changes in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.