Merchant Bank (600036) Performance rating 2019: Full Power Leads Transition, Retail Leads Good Forward Business Income, Net Profit Ratio + 8.51%, +15.60% respectively, q4 Co. + 2.72%, 18.16% respectively; Net Non-interest Income as a proportion of 35.82% for the whole year 2019 increased by the same proportion
0.35 percentage points; net interest differentials from retail operations decreased by a quarter of the year and slightly increased by the same year. Group q1-4 single-quarter net spreads in 2019 fell during the year, mainly due to weak asset-end lending returns from business lending; end-of-debts
A modest increase in the availability of relatively high deposit products such as structural deposits, large bills of deposit and higher cost of deposits was achieved in order to finance the maturity of clients. The quality of assets continued to tighten, the rate of non-performing loans declined, and the provision coverage increased significantly but the provision was reduced
The average net asset return attributable to ordinary shareholders rose by roae, per cent, and the weighted average net asset return was higher than it had been in the last three years. Information technology investment continued to grow, and the digitalization system moved forward.
The investment of $9.362 billion, an increase of 43.97% over the same period, has further increased to 3.72% of operating income. The company’s digital transformation has covered various areas of transformation, such as retail, wholesale, risk, technology, etc., and has been followed by the gradual advancement of specialized digital capabilities such as operations, visitors, wind control, etc.
The company’s overall performance in 2019 was in line with expectations, with retail leadership keeping the company well on track and strong performance, raising the red mark from the previous 30% to 33%. The company’s ability to operate, built capital, and the quality of its operations remain at the forefront of the industry. With the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the company’s performance in 2020 is at a certain level.
Impacts, but the company's leading retail advantage in the industry has enabled the company to grow steadily this year, with a significant reduction in the revenue expected from intermediate operations; the rising downward pressure on the economy and the marketization of interest rates have resulted in net interest differentials for the company; and the solicitation of revenues from the branches of commercial banks (in a single season, billions) and the same ratio.
Recruitment of assets, liabilities, deposits, loans on a par (%)
Non-performing loan provision coverage and non-performing loan rate (%) • Non-performing loan provision coverage (left) — non-performing loan ratio (right) Roae and roaa (%)
Table 12: Indicators related to Retailing for Admissions
The securities investment advisory business is an activity in which institutions and their consultants have acquired the relevant qualifications issued by regulatory authorities to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, forecasting or advice on portfolio investment, and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.