Bank of Merchants (600036): Quarterly review in 2020.
Incidents: Merchant Bank operating income of $76,603 million in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 11.44 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $27,795 million, an increase of $10.12 per cent, and eps of $1.10 per cent over the same period; total assets of $7,77 trillion at the end of the quarter, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the beginning of the period; ▪ Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: Merchant Bank gains faster than expected, assets of excellent quality: 5bp, provision at a negative rate
With a 451.27% increase in coverage, retail sales will rebound strongly during the quarter for corporate and inter-operative “two-wing” retailing. We expect to focus on the preferred financial value label and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The net interest differentials range from 16bp to 2.56% below the same year, resulting from a drop in the market in the 2019q1 net rate of interest (reduced consumption by residents) and a higher than anticipated real growth rate; 3) a high increase in investment returns, 33bp lower, with a further increase in prudential provision coverage as high as 451.27%, despite the drag on asset impairment; 5) tax revenues.
Business-level corporate lending grew by 9.05% at the beginning of the period, while paper financing increased significantly to meet short-term liquidity needs of enterprises, while retail lending remained largely equal to the impact of the epidemic and overall credit.
The investment is similar to the socialization structure and fully meets market expectations. At the end of the quarter, the balance of corporate lending at the industry level rose to 40.3% and the retail counterpart fell to 53.2%. The management previously referred to “rethinking retail strategies” at the annual performance release, which the market had thought would control retail size and share, but we thought that the “retail master” strategy would not change because it was “one”
Two wings are at the heart of the company's strategy, and the “two wings” of public and business will strongly support “retail as one” in a given environment, and retail lending is expected to recover strongly in the second quarter, and will continue to dominate credit delivery throughout the year.
In response, for the first time in a quarterly report, the company disclosed a detailed indicator of asset quality at its own level: Quality, the lowest value since the company disclosed the indicator in the last five years, showing that the overall asset quality of the company was excellent. In the new generation, credit cards and other retail loans contributed 6,629 million (an increase of 2,691 million compared to the previous year) and 1,429 million (an increase of 2,691 million).
(an increase of $221 million over the same period) shows that the additional risks are largely from retail sales, with few negative public-renewal outcomes (benefiting from high-quality roe, strategic clients whose assets are of a higher quality than interest differentials) and a significant reduction of between 33bp and 1.72% in public-deficit rates as a result of disposal, write-off and loan expansion.
Three-quarterly reviews: asset quality brightness may lag behind, which is consistent with the feedback from our previous industry research on retail financial risk, but we judge that companies will protect against risk with high-quality retailing and to the public, as well as with more than 450% of solid provision coverage.
In contrast, the interest-bearing liability cost ratio, which is between 4bp and 1.88% lower than in the fourth quarter (benefiting from the downside of the cost of a partner liability), continues to have a significant low-debt cost advantage. The banking sector will continue to face a gradual narrowing of the spread over the next three quarters, while the hiring banks, with their higher retail share and lower liability costs, are expected to fall by up to 10bp in 2020, significantly better than their counterparts.
Le Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board