Deeply benefited from compliance developments leading to a new era of regenerative medicine, 13 March 2022.
In the context of industry regulations and policies, which are more regulated than ever, and the regulation of every link in the chain of industry, aimed at cleaning up irregularities in the industry, we believe that those who have entered the board will have stronger barriers, and that the concentration of the industry is expected to increase, or will benefit from greater depth by regulating leading firms. 2) High growth in the industry is still more certain: according to the new system.
Oxygen data, as of 2021, the size of China's healthcare and US industry is expected to reach 18.4.6 billion per year + 21.6 per cent, and the health sector is expected to increase its per capita income, which will penetrate low-line urban levels and older age groups, with wide space. Companies take advantage of the industry, eastward winds, and differential positioning strategies lead to high-quality growth.
The branding of the urinary acid, the series of "Hips" in the age of re-introduction, continues to expand. 1) Rich product lines + wider markets, Liu Wenzheng, together, accelerate the harvest of the "single" dividend, and the core product "Hitty" is the only Nmpa-approved appliance in the country.
The iii-type urinary acid, which contains the neck, has built a powerful brand name. After the Hive, the company's product lines have continued to grow. In terms of access, by the end of 2021, the company had 263 sales and market personnel, and the channels were re-established. 2) The Water Powder is included in three types of medical devices, along with the Ceck and Black Eye Circles, and the Blue Sea.
"2.5 + new live-bubble needles are the only composite transparent acid needle in a compliance product. 1. Aluminouss (300896.sz) 2021 reports that light medicine is moving from a “filling era” to a “regenerative era”, highlighting its advantages during the day.
The average net profit is 117%, and the product is expected to be subject to strict regulation, with only three products from the rubber-coated product, a good competitive pattern, vs. urinary acid, young girl needles and traditional childhood needles, and the advantages of daytime are mainly reflected in the safe, fully metabolic, immediate filling and regenerative effects of the compound, for the agency.
At the same time, we believe that the regenerative medicine is now fast-tracked in the country.
At a time of accelerated penetration, it had not yet entered the phase of vicious competition, which had made it possible to take more advantage of the day, with high performance growth and high growth being continuously validated.
The product matrix is rich, heavy-pound products such as bottox are connected, long-term high-growth periods. The company is working on product lines, and the rating: q1 net profit increases by nearly 300%, and the "Hi" series accelerates penetration.
The first seven three types of medical instruments, the injection of a type-a botulinum toxin, have entered the iii clinical trial phase, with two 5. Emmett's in-depth reports: the mining of light medicine gold products is in the clinical trial phase, the four products are in the pre-clinical research phase, and the future is expected to be in the company's other products.
The growth logic behind the "tracking" takes shape in a matrix of boxing products. In addition, the firm's R & D base has deepened year by year, 2018-2021, the R & D cost split.
Circle pins + panda needles are further permeating, 2) in a highly regulated context, the market for "hept" 2.5 and combustible bubble needles is expected to expand, 3) innovative regenerative products quickly replace traditional urinary acids and non-compliant products during the day, 4) 65/45/33x, a company with a certain scarcity and a “recommended” rating for a relatively pure medically good company.
Background 1: In the era of strict regulation of the health sector, growth is still more certain, with a strong focus on creating a healthy development environment, and strong regulation of leading enterprises will promote long-term health development in the health sector.
In 2021, more than 20 laws and regulations were issued by the relevant departments throughout the year, with more than 20 regulations and policies for the health sector than ever before, including the programme of work for the special rehabilitation of illicit medical beauty services, which was co-authored by eight ministries and departments in June.
The month has been marked by a joint effort to combat illegal medical beauty services: strict regulation of the production, circulation and use of medicines and medical devices related to medical beauty services, and severe suppression of the production, operation and use of medicines, devices, etc. that do not comply with State regulations.
Over the long term, regulation has become more restrictive for the health sector. 1) For the industry as a whole, increased regulation has resulted in the creation of higher barriers for firms that have been laid down. In terms of intra-industry patterns of competition, industrial clean-up will increase industry concentration and benefit leading enterprises; and, in China, Medic America.
(ii) For upstream pharmaceutical service providers: strict regulation of space to provide larger alternatives to “water cargo” products for compliance products; and for midstream service providers: strict regulation of medical beauty advertisements in the short term or will increase the number of direct service providers.
In the medium-to-long term, the qualifications of head compliance agencies will be magnified by the cost of customers and the combination of regulatory services against non-compliant medical institutions.
According to the new oxygen data, China’s medical-American industry is expected to reach 18.4 billion yuan by 2021, an increase of 21.6% over the same year, and medical-American users of 18.13 million people, a rise in the same scale: most Chinese health-care beauty consumers come from first-line cities.
There is a high penetration rate, but the population of medical beauty consumers in low-line cities is fast catching up due to a large population base, indicating a huge potential. Age level: young consumers are the major group of health-care consumers, accounting for about 63% of consumers between 20 and 30 years of age in 2021, while groups with greater purchasing power over 31 years of age account for a larger proportion of consumers of health-care beauty services than they do every year.
The penetration rate of the United States in the consumer group will continue to rise and be wide-ranging.
Figure 6: Medical penetration rates by age group
The licence plate and effect moat are based on the brand as another wing of the boulina injection. The two main stages are: 1) successful replacement of the filling material with a monolithic challenge for the industry. Retylane, a global boulina injection product, was introduced in 1996, with direct competitions mainly for glycoproteine, and indirectly for botox, and some of the meat toxins.
Intrusive prostheses are implanted, etc., while transparent acids are not allergic, micro-inventive, and non-toxin are better than competitive. In restylane, not only have a low rate of negative response, but also have a longer and higher value of sex, have accumulated a lot of reputations and expectations without passing the fda, and have taken up three quarters of the United States market in 05, far exceeding the glyph protein agent and have achieved production.
(ii) Market and product ends are becoming more and more mature, selling points are being subdivided and refined, and the main trends in product production are: with the development of the industry, the range of urinary injection products adapted from the nasal ditches, foreheads, noses, etc. Traditional parts extend to the neck, hands, lips, etc., and large market producers of urinary acid are gradually introducing the same brand after forming a certain brand power.
A series of products in different parts of a brand, with precise, differentiated orientations that directly hit the pain point, while creating less brand influence and less tilting costs for new products. Mainly urinary acid series: Figure 9: Number of projects that injected various medically fine-filled materials
Réstylane: The first global and Chinese approved brand of urinary acid filler, a dual-combined urinary acid product using nasha elastic filling, patented technology, was developed and manufactured in 1995 by the famous Swedish producer of q-med bouretic acid; In 2011, Gold and United States acquired q-med for its blue products. After more than 20 years of expansion of product lines, Sream is adapting.
The symptoms and effects of the disease are expanding to include a breakdown of facial wrinkling, facial plastics, lip abundance, body abundance, water light, etc., to further meet the user’s demand for urinary acid injections. Srélène obtained a national medical device registration in 2008 as the country’s first cfda-recognized product (Swibland 2); as of October 2021, Srélèse produced a total of six Nmpa-certified products in the country.
Yvonne: Yvonnec was the lig chemical that introduced Korea’s first-combination pneumatic injection product in 2010 and has maintained a high market rate in Korea and China since its introduction. At present, Yvonne has been exported to more than 30 countries around the world.
At the lower or lower end of the spectrum, the main focus is on the position of “breathic acid better suited to Asians” and Yvonne, with two special technologies (hice, hesh) that are superior, more resilient and sticky, and more lasting plastic effects. In addition, Yvonne has developed the D-lite injection technology for Chinese beauty seekers, further fine-tuning the face, upgrading it from the Chinese to a comprehensive Ministry-wide programme that enhances consumer experience.
Cfda was certified to enter the Chinese market in 2013 and, by October 2021, Yvonne had received four Nmpa products in the country. According to Sullivan, Yvonne’s home town has been the first in a row for many years, with sales exceeding the market of the domestic medical mediocre urinate terminal by Jojaden: Al built a global front-line high-quality product, and the 2015 Joyardon series was extremely successful.
cfda certification, for deep-level plastic filling and for shallow skin modulation, respectively; Jojadun Quantities, approved by Nmpa in 2019 for the reconstruction of facial volume, the introduction of Vycross technology for small molecule urinary acid to the General Assembly, and the effective extension of facial restoration maintenance; and the introduction of "Thai" in 2020 as the first product of the Jojaden series with Lidocain in China, introduced in 2021
“Chancer” – China’s first product for lip injection. According to data published by Al Quantico, Jojaden was able to produce $1 billion/+106.92% in 2021, an increase of 12% over 2019. International markets, with the exception of the United States, generated revenues of $808 million/+90.12%.
Training of doctors to ensure injection effects and reduce side effects; 2) complete product line layouts, multiple models and transparent quality acids with different efficacy, which constitute a product mix; 3) taking the lead, global layouts, working flexibly with sales partners to capture the mainstream market. 4) At the same time, we find that having a pre-emptive advantage does not mean that we will be able to maintain a leading share, if the counterpart has a very high reputation for the industry and rivals against the mainstream market.
Markets are better understood, and even then they have the opportunity to counter-overstep. 2.1 “Hips” series: rich product lines + wider markets, faster harvests of “single” vertically deep-down markets, and “His” lines of 1.0, 1.5, 2.5 are expanding. Core products, “His” as a company.
After approval in 2017, the only ii-type urinate injector with a neck-bound drug was approved for use, and the hysteria needles were put up with powerful slogans. From 2017 to 2019, the average bid rose from $285 to $353, resulting in sales of 1.0 (panda needles) precisely locating the eyeweek market, meeting consumer demands for tear-filling ditches, black eye rings, eye bags, etc., with zero sex.
Injection of high concentrations of blubber acid as an injection agent with a stylish softer, more sticky and non-coupled agent reduces traditional blubber swelling and the occurrence of dindals when filling in the eye week, becoming a better solution for the bruising product and a wider market base than the neck tattoos. In 2020-2021, the solution of the core product was injected with "Hitty" as a core product.
The number of distributors has increased from year to year, broadening coverage. Direct sales teams reach large second-line cities, with precision in first-line demand, and distribution patterns help to sink down the line and expand market coverage. By the end of 2021, the company had 170+ members.
Sales and marketing workers, 120+ distributors, covering 31 provinces, municipalities, autonomous regions and more than 5,000 health-care institutions throughout the country. The Institute provides a full-cycle product service and learning platform, raising brand visibility and acceptance, and developing a professional brand image. By the end of 2021, more than 10,000 physicians had registered in all-chamber classrooms, and we believe that companies have stable and high-quality access.
Power is expected to drive it to accelerate the harvest of the "single" dividend. 2.2 "Hi" series: "Water light needles" are included in three categories of medical devices, "circle stripes and black eye circles" plus the blue sea.
"Hi" is the only composite transparent acid needle in a compliance product. The new combustible bubble needle is a publicly marketed water light needle product in May 2021. It is a nationally certified medical device for the iii category, consisting mainly of sodium translucency, l-myelium, glycine, acrylic acid, amino acid, vitamin b2 and injecting water, and is different from a pure translucency agent formulation, which is used to replace it.
Water is wet, with anti-sugar antioxidation functions, which can solve skin-mitigation problems caused by glucoseification and oxidation, and is the only currently approved compound solution in the embryomy layer. Mythooxygen: removal of free radicals and some oxidants; mytho-sugar: reduction of the upper-molerate end-oxidation products (ages) in the group.
In 2022, the company is expected to increase its support for the Hive series. The DEA is going to incorporate water-light needles into the three types of medical equipment management system, or it is going to host a huge shuffle.
The National Drug Control Authority ' s Centre for Standards Management of Medical Devices issued an external notice requesting the Catalogue of Medical Devices, Adjustments, indicating that the sodium translucent acid solution was injected, consisting of syringes and pre-filled materials in syringes (generally known as sodium permeable sodium acid) and that the products were used for injection to the surface cortex, mainly through the preservation of materials such as sodium translucent acid.
Wet, rehydration, etc., to improve the skin state, to be regulated in accordance with iii-type devices, which were previously prescribed by the Drug Enforcement Authority for the use of transparent acid injection fluids (i.e. transparent acid fillings) for increased tissue volume only, with water-light needles used for wetkeeping and water recharge and therefore not recognized as medical devices. However, there has been confusion in the water-light market: 1) cosmetics are prepared, but
The water light market will become an important growth point for companies, as a result of a new vacuum in the new regulations, and a fully “compliant” “high body” will become an important growth point for companies. At present, the standard water needles in the city’s mainstream include, inter alia, the “dry doll needles” and the “irrigated iron needles” of Wah Xi organisms, and the “hing” series of “hepts” of American-Americans.
At the same time, in order to avoid punishment, the terminal will choose as much as possible to comply with the product as it can, and in the context of the same regulation of medical advertising, relatively low prices and compliance with facial supplementation projects and products become important players.
Figure 17: IDA proposes to integrate water light needles into the three categories of medical instruments management, Figure 18: Mainly compliant complementary medical products; Large market space for water light needles, which currently represents less than a third of the compliance market.
More than three out of three consumers of the project have experienced water needle products, and the number, ranking, and size of eye-water needles have risen rapidly in medically disaggregated orders. In 2016-2021, the market size for water photo-conforming needles increased from $70 million to $510 million, and we believe that the “Hits” series is expected to share larger dividends based on the scarcity and better effectiveness of their plates.
Figure 19: Number of orders (millions of orders) and ranking changes in China's major medically-beautiful groups
Field value, of which no other manufacturer is currently approving a similar product, and the approval process usually takes four to six years, with a first preference, while, according to the Nmpa rule, a minimum of two years is required for each component added to the urinary acid, which means that the non-compliant compound solution product will be passed within four to five years. We expect the high body series 2022-2025 to yield revenue.
In 2020, the average annual wage of non-private wage earners in towns and cities nationwide was $93979, an increase of 7.6 per cent over the previous year, based on the increase in per capita wages, which we set at $500 per capita per year for the health-care population (by about 5 per cent); assuming that the ratio of non-surgery to non-surgery would increase at 3 per cent per year in the light of the situation of the United States of America; assuming that the ratio of non-surgery would rise at a rate of 3 per cent per year in 2019, according to the Isaps data.
The global non-surgery-type medical beauty project accounts for 32 per cent of urinary acid, assuming a 0.5 per cent increase in the size of the transparent Quality Acid compared to the non-surgery rate per year, assuming that the "Hi" business matures, assuming that the "Hi" stream of income is maintained at 75 per cent.3 Light medicine is moving from a “filling age” to a “regenerative age” and is improving during the day.
3.1 Focus on plastics, anti-age resistance -- why a coronary needle? What's a coronary needle? The main ingredient of the coronary needle is a polysedic acid (poly-l-acticacid/plla), belonging to the \alpha-hydroxyric acid family (alphahydroxyacid, aha), beginning with a material used by surgeons to make heart stitches, and passing through ultra-heavy.
Yearly, the fda (Food and Drug Control Authority) certified that it was allowed to be used as a filler in the medical beauty field, and that plla had good biocompatibility and could be bio-repairable. The puppies irritant regenerative principle: when plla and moisture were injected into the cortex, it had some immediate filling effect, and that plla microballs would be metabolic at an instant rate in the water environment of the body and eventually transformed into emulsion and emulsion.
Co2, emulsifiable acid, which in turn stimulates the production of new fibre cells in the skin, and a large amount of synthetic gels, the proteins of the new gels are gradually increasing to the effect of increasing tightness, increasing elasticity, and improving wrinkles.
Composed of: cmc with better viscosity and elasticity, which is filled by cmc after injection, so that it restores skin elasticity and improves wrinkles for the first time, and then pcl stimulates gel protein growth, and pulls it tight to skin, and ends up fully metabolized into carbon dioxide and water, but at a slower rate than a child's coronary.
In Europe, it has been in use for more than a decade.
Figure 23: Young girl needles vs. puretic acid: In the current injection market, puretic acid is still the dominant product, but the disadvantages are more pronounced than regenerative porcelain needles and less female needles: 1) The principle behind pure acid is to inject it directly into a real tissue, physically filled.
Filling tissue dentures may have unnatural effects and there is a risk of displacement; 2) although the urinary acid can function as an immediate filling, it is maintained for a relatively short period of 0.5-1 years; 3) the current range of injections of the urinary acid is more limited and applies mainly to strong plastics such as the nose and chin. By contrast, puppies/girl needles use a non-physical method of plla/pcv irritation to regenerate the gel.
More natural post-operative effects, long duration and wide range of applications. Prices: Acid is relatively low priced as a more mature product in the medical-American industry, with a price range of between $1,000 and $10,000, while a puppies is priced at a medium and high end of $6,000 to target a client group with greater consumer capacity over 30 years of age, thus creating a better position for products that differ from auric acid.
The market is open, and the future is still expected to replace some of the high-end urinary acid fillings. By daytime, it can also serve as a self-repair for the immediacy of the human body by joining the urinary acid.
• Unnatural liquid prosthetics, high risk of relocation, edema period, short physical filling maintenance time
• The non-immediate plastic effects of traditional masonry needles • the long period of degradation of pcl • the need to resolute traditional masonry needles, the need for pre-judgmental capacity for doctors — the technical requirements are high and the mainland doctor is inexperienced
• It's only available for plastics, application patterns, perimeter limits, etc. Child paint needles abroad are not yet certified at the nmpa level, and use large particle microballs, with noorthodox risks.
In France, in America, in America, in America, in Korea, but not yet in the country, no npa certification has been obtained. Of these, the stylish plla particles range from 40 to 80 μm, and the plastic particles range from 50 μm, are large particles, which are easily hard-lined during the injection process, so that mainstream kids' needles abroad are still dominated by shallow injection products.
At a distance of less than 20 μm, the macrophages in the human body absorb microballs, i.e., the product is no longer valid. When the particles are 50 μm, the gel proteins can be found outside at the risk of dissipation, with the new generation of comb needles now in the range of 20 to 50 μm. The mammoth needles in China are promising.
The percentage of technical projects has risen to 1%, a 1,000-fold increase from 0.001% in 2015. However, before 2021, the industrial chain was not well developed at the beginning of the country’s compliance exhibition. On the other hand, in our country, the needles are required to obtain a certificate of equipment for medical devices of the iii type that are subject to the scope of application, which is strictly approved and supplied to them.
A total of 1,163 million people, of whom 78.7 per cent were users of anti-degenerative services through injection projects, accelerated product approval since 2021, regenerative medicine into a booming period, and since 2021, with the Aves-löviselle pedagogic needles of Long Spring in San Boma, the llansé-s young girl needles and the beauty-lovers during the daytime, the product has been certified as a medical device in the iii category.
We believe that the market for regenerative medicine will flourish rapidly as the product of the latent protein regenerants will enter the market. According to Sali, the market for urinated acid fills in the country reached $4.9 billion in mid-2020, with a larger alternative space for a pavilion/girl needle; and, in addition, it anticipates that the market will grow rapidly.
In 2022, our market for plla filled products was $520 million, and it is expected to rise further to $1.97 billion in 2026, 2021- Figure 24: Global share of urinary acids and paint needles in non-surgery. Figure 25: Number of users of different projects in China ' s health and beauty markets
Figure 26: Price comparison of puretic acid and puppies, Figure 27: China ' s Plla fill product market 3.2 days - self-lighted plastic needles, technological innovation to hit pain points
By day, it is the next milk-white filler approved by Nmpa for the flag of América, with a core content of left-crylic acid-ethylene co-polymer microball (18% plla) combined with transparent sodium sodium acid (80% urinate) and Lidocaine (2%) in June 2021.
Nmpa, approved as a category III medical device, applies to inoculation in the deep, sub-skin and deep layers of the skin, as well as correction of the wrinkled middle and heavy nasal lips.
vs Traditional childhood needles, which upgrade the technology for pain spots during the day, are a completely new and differentiated type of injection. Traditional childhood needles have multiple problems in their use because of their own product characteristics: 1) more use of a carton of frozen dry packaging, prior to use of salt water, resolutation and risk of infection; 2) for example, irregular fragments with higher risk of inflammation; 3) water absorption and recharge
No, six weeks after surgery. Clinical needs for non-recompatible and continuing effects due to the pains of traditional childhood needles. Figure 29: New clinical needs derived from deficiencies in traditional childhood needles. Figure 30: Adverse response rates for different filling materials
Figure 31: Where does traditional childhood needles vs make daytime better? The product is more powerful. Injection is easier: during the day, using the sdam patent technology, the left yomeo-ethanol co-polymer microball (plla-peg) is spread over the intertwining transparent acid, and it has been reproduced at the time of production and no need to repeat it at all.
Solution, when obtained, can be injected directly like traditional urinary acid; immediate filling effect: combinated urinary acid compositions can play an immediate, immediate, adept role before the later concentration of left-wing emulsion acids works; comfort injections: Lidocaine reduction components are added, significantly increasing the comfort of injections: resolution of knots and swollen problems: during the day, a particle diameter is formed after a condensed condensed condensation of a specific hydrate ethylene.
Equated left yogurt-ethanol conglomerates microballs (within the 20-45um range) with pro-water and lipophilic “bi-parent” characteristics that address the traditional problem of concentrated poly-emulsion products that are prone to over-accumulate and organize the severe inflammation of inflammation and inflammation; impregnable, plastic effect naturally: : : compound gels made white in milk during the day can effectively reduce the permeability of the plastic parts and make the effects more real; completely metabolic, non-fragmentative
Reservation: Polyseptic microballs and transected transparent acids, which continue to metabolize through the human trichlorfon cycle, 100% are metabolized into co2 and h2o, excreted; polyethylene diol can be removed from the urine prototype and safe without residues.
Why do terminal agencies choose daytime? 1) bendc-end driving power: medical and American institutions are more willing to participate in upstream marketing of powerful items, so that during daytime “grassing” on small red books has exceeded 100 copies, while public dollars/subsidies, such as daytime injection methods, have a terminal price of $12,800/b, up to a four-fold markup, provide ample profit space, far less than young girls.
The price of needles has produced similar effects for consumers. 3) Compliance considerations: before 2021, the domestic market for puppies was more volatile, “water goods” were rife in the market, in 2021, three types of formal needles were filled in the field of appliances by the daytime, and during the day, patented technologies were added to the efficiency of their use while ensuring their safety, with preferential selection.
Figure 33: C-level education by day is a pre-optimal advantage in marketing and marketing over the competition by day. For nearly 18 years, the A-American industry has matured in its internal channels and sales teams, and sales strategies are consistent with product orientation, and according to the network of company officials, the company has adopted a medically authorized party.
By the end of 2021, the company had worked with various beauty hospitals, such as Huamey Medical Care, Melley Medical Care, Huameo Purple Homery, which currently has 119 certifications and 251 certified doctors. Competition 1: the Evian team is new and is currently slightly less rapid in terms of institutional coverage and scope; competition 2: the ellanse team is also new, but because it's new.
The products are already well known internationally, and they are now basically at the same level as end-covering in daylight, but injections are more difficult. We believe that regenerative medicine is currently at a time when it is accelerating its penetration and is not yet at a stage of malignant competition, and that during the day it is expected that traditional fillings and regenerative materials will take a larger share, with more reasonable pricing.
Figure 35: Measuring the advantages of applied technology, core components and products during the day, we expect the size of the regular needle factory for childhood needles to be 185 million yuan in 2021 and 2,249 million in 2025. I treat the US population at a 45% compound rate and light medicine has a strong repurchase properties; according to the National Statistical Office, mid-2021.
With a total population of 1,412 million, the total population is assumed to be stable at 1.4 billion in 2022-2025; according to Sullivan data, the total number of medical and American consumption sessions in 2021 was 27.738 million, so it is calculated that the number of consultations per 1,000 population in 2021 will be replaced by 2 “waterflakes”: 2021-2025, based on the trend of medical regulations and regular needles in 2021 and will follow
Assumption 3-polymic acid substitution: based on new oxygen data, non-surgery injections are increasingly being sought for their safety and effectiveness, with non-surgery injections accounting for 57.04-56 per cent of the total course of treatment in 2019 and 2020 (slightly affected by the disease in 2020).
In addition to the relatively early listing of Aveline, assuming a 40 per cent market rate during the day of 2021, and given the relatively strong channel capacity and strength of the American-Americans, and the fact that the sdam technology it uses is patented by the company, it is expected that the market share will gradually rise to 65 per cent in the future, and 4, the abundance of the product matrix, and the power of heavy-pound products, such as bottox, will grow significantly over the long term.
For the third year in a row, the share of the country’s producers has risen steadily. The company’s many medical beauty products have been approved or commercialized by the National Drug Control Service, and multimedical beauty products, including Yumei, Bonida, Evy, “Hitty” and tightness, have become the first Chinese products of their kind, and their safety and effectiveness have been fully recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers.
Brands are gaining influence and multi-valued products are on the rise. From 2018 to 2020, companies ranked first in the market share of sodium transparent acid injections among national producers, and in 2020, companies increased their share of sodium transparent acid injections to 27.2% in terms of sales, an increase of 0.7 pct in comparison; the share of the domestic market in terms of amounts (intake prices) reached 14.3%, compared to the same figure.
Upgraded by 0.3 pct. In June 2021, the needle was successfully placed on the market during the day, becoming the world ' s first approved microball skin filler with left-clad ecstasy conglomerates, which, as an innovative product, we believe will not only be the main driving force behind the growth of corporate performance in recent years, but will also lead the filling market into a new era.
Figure 36: Americ product matrix with an emphasis on continuous innovation in R & D input products, with a large number of heavy-pound products to be connected. In 2018-2021, R & D costs were rich in product lines, with injection of a meat toxin entering the iii clinical trial phase, with two products in the pipeline.
The bed trial phase, the four product products are in the pre-clinical research phase, and the future is expected to form a boxing product matrix with other products.
The Department signed a cooperation agreement in China for the import, registration and distribution of a type A botulinum toxin product, which was approved as the sole agent of China for the sale of botulinum toxin products for a 10-year period. At the same time, according to a company announcement, in September 2021, the company acquired 25.4 per cent of huonsbio shares for 886 million and huonsbio in 2021.
Founded in April by huonsglobal to split its venom line, huonsbio currently has only one product, the “liztox/hutox” meat toxin, obtained a product registration certificate in Korea in April 2019, was listed in Korea in June 2019, and pre-adaptive disorders, including eyebrow and fish tailings, were approved/registered in 10 countries outside the country.
RMB 40 million in 2019, RMB 120 million in 2020 and RMB 28.38 million in fast profit from the Botox Business Line. In addition, Huonsbio has three products under study, namely 150 kda, liquid agents, botulinum and gelase. We believe that the integration of Emeralds and Huonsbio has brought about operational synergies.
At the same time, the company’s internationalization strategy has been enhanced. In addition, according to the company’s Ports Unit Statement, the company’s future plans seek opportunities for domestic and foreign strategic investment, cooperation, and acquisition related to medical beauty and health management to improve R & D capabilities and optimize the product mix.
Acquisitions include companies that produce products such as skin fillers, energy source instrumentation equipment; firms with research and development personnel, marketing companies, and companies related to biological and chemical drugs up and down the industrial chain.5 Profit forecasting and investment proposals, etc.
The company's operations, which are mainly divided into three types of soluble/gel injection products and facial implants, are in a fast-growing path. 1) As the solution products that are dominated by the hive system are still in rapid penetration periods and are expected to expand rapidly in the context of compliance, we, the company, as a domestic healer, are moving towards diversification and globalization, and the growth of the core product, the "hepta" series, can be achieved
The company has a wealth of projects that support high long-term growth in corporate income. The company has a scarcity of domestic markets for pure medical and aesthetic materials, a national brand of urinate needles and a "hysteria"/panda pin race, exclusive branding, and based on the prognosis of new products such as daytime production, we expect the company to have a premium of 2022-2024.
We've chosen the upper-middle-massive producer, Wah Hee Bis, Luang Hae-hye and Betanny, as a comparable company, with a higher profit rate than a comparable company, with 2022 pegs of 0.92 x below one, which shows a higher growth rate, and we've kept the company.
There is a risk that the company’s share of the market will be lost if other competitions are approved on the market.
3. Increased competition in the industry. The medical industry, as the Yangtze industry, is becoming known, attracting more and more firms to join, and increased competition may lead to higher costs for companies; 4) recurrent outbreaks lead to less than expected demand. The epidemic slows per capita income growth, either as an optional consumption or as a shadow.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.