The Lithium industry in Tin Qi (002466) reported a positive assessment of its sound operation, its down-priced and its financial costs.
The research assistant, Chai Ka Fai, slipped because of the sharp fall in the price of lithium minerals and the large financial cost implications of sqm not making as much profit as expected and receiving and buying.
▪ At the operational level, the decline in the price of lithium salt products has affected Māori, the production of lithium salt products has been fully sold, and the profitability of Telison has remained positive: 1) 19h1 battery-grade lithium carbonate/Lithium hydroxide average price of $777.10 million per ton, a decline of 49.5 per cent and 32.7 per cent from the same year, which has continued since July, with sales prices now close to a positive level
This support, combined with the re-emergence of the lower-silent landscape during the second half of the year, the price of lithium salt has shown little room for further decline. (2) 19h lithium salt products of 197,000 tons, with 89 per cent capacity utilization, sales of 194,000 tons, production and sales rates of ecopro, lig chemistry, etc., guarantee the elimination of incremental production, and companies have acquired Rhine.
tüv certification, long-term development of escort; 4) Terrison's net profit from Tianqi for the first half of the year was $352 million, compared to 34.9 per cent in the same year, and his business remained sound, with the completion of the 2-twenty-twenty-tonne delivery capacity this year amounting to 1.34 million tons (the lithium concentrate mine) expected to increase further.
The acquisition of sqm places a financial burden on the company, with multiple sources of financing falling short of time: 1) sqm returns the mother ' s net profit of $151 million, 39.1 per cent below expectations from the same year, and the company recognizes an investment of 861 million yuan in financial costs, with a greater financial burden, which drags on the net profits of the current period. 3) The company follows.
Continued promotion of equity financing + multi-channel financing, which is expected to be completed during the year, with the replacement of about $1 billion in M & A loans, followed by continued debt swaps, and expected gradual reduction in liabilities.The financial costs of the loans are stretched, but the company ' s lithium salt owners operate reasonably well, and lithium prices are currently down.
The reason for the decline in the price of lithium salt is that the price of lithium is falling significantly, while the profit of sqm is not as high as expected, the bulk of the money generated by the acquisition. At the operational level, the decline in the price of lithium salt is affecting Māori, the production of lithium salt is fully sold, and the profitability of Telison is still good:
Lithium salt prices have been low. Since 2018, as lithium salt production is concentrated, the supply of lithium salt has become surplus and prices have been falling steadily until 2019h1, but they have declined further since mid-July.
In United States dollars/tons, the cash cost of battery-grade lithium carbonate processing is approximately 20,000 yuan/tons, the cash value of domestic processing capacity is estimated at about 54,000 yuan/tons, the pre-tax sales price is 62,000 yuan/tons, and the current sales prices are close to cost support, build-up of the re-winding in the lower half of the year, and there is little room for further decline in the price of lithium salt.
Lithium salt products are still fully produced and sold, at a reduced cost of nearly 700 million Māori. The reported lithium salt production capacity of the company as of mid-point includes 242,000 tonnes/year (of which about 5,000 tonnes/year is hydroxide) and 20,000 tonnes/year in Zhang Jia Hong, with an actual production of 197,000 tonnes/year in the first half of the year and a capacity utilization rate of 89%, taking into account that both bases have just completed their technical correction on the slopes, the top half.
At the cost end of the year, 19h1 companies produced 1 ton of lithium salt products at a cost of $3.79 million, which is almost equal, but the decline in unit prices has reduced the Māori ratio of lithium chemical products.
The purchase agreement guarantees the elimination of incremental production and the long-term development of the Rhinetüv certified escort. In the short term, the sales contract signed by the company to date exceeds 17 million tons, and a larger number of short-term orders will be added in the second half of the year to guarantee the elimination of this year’s capacity; in the long term, 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in the first phase of the Western Quanana phase this year.
By the end of the year, 24,000 tons of carbonate are expected to be operational by the end of 20 years, and 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate is expected to be produced by the end of 20 years. The company will be able to produce 100,000 tons of lithium salt by the end of 2020. To that end, the company has entered into long-term orders with ski and ecopro and signed a three-year long list with lig chemistry in August 19 to secure future additions
In addition, the company’s subsidiaries, the Lithium Tianqi (Gangsu) and Chongqing, were certified by the German Rhinetüv Car Quality Management System, and Tianqi is still in the process of being identified, marking the arrival of China into the supply system of the main international mobile company, the long-term development of the escort company.
The supply of and demand for concentrates are better than the processing of lithium salt, and 51 per cent of the company's share in the world's lowest-cost solid lithium ore resource, greenbush, is still profitable. The 19h company's lithium concentrates collect 1,039 million, a small scale - 9.8 per cent, and the Māori rate is 73.64 per cent.
The same ratio - 2.52 pct. The Thilison mother's company, Vinfield, collects 1.825 billion yuan, +34.8%, net profits + 881 million, +49.7%, of which the Tianqi net profits +352 million, +34.9%, are still sound. At present, Tyllison's lithium concentrate produces 740,000 tons per year, and the second 600 million tons completes its expansion this year.
The som buy-outs place a financial burden on the company, with multiple sources of financing falling short of expectations: sqm does not report as much as expected, and companies confirm investment returns of $248 million below expectations.
The current revenue of $998 million, a 13.7 per cent decline over the same period, and the net return profit of $151 million, which was less than anticipated, was due to: 1) the same decline in lithium prices; 2) som considering excess supply, completed annually and the volume of shipments likely to remain at the 18-year level of 450,000 metric tons/year; 3) other business plates
The loan extension was not under any pressure, but 19h entailed $861 million in financial costs and a heavy financial burden. 18 years (one year in maturity, one year in renewable repayment), $1.2 billion in repayment (three years in renewable two years each), and each day actively promoted multi-channel financing, with good corporate cash flow, sqm cash
There is a high proportion of dividends and little pressure on repayments after the extension. But the loan incurs significant financial costs, with 19h incurred financial costs of $1.01 billion, or +666.26 per cent, of which $3.5 billion in loan interest charges (including amortization) on a consortium loan is a significant drag on current profits.
Equity financing + follow-up multi-channel financing continues to advance and reduce financial costs. In April 19 the company announced a plan to sell 3 shares per 10 shares, with no more than $7 billion to raise in exchange for a portion of the M & A loan.
The availability of cash flows and h-share financing will gradually reduce liabilities and reduce financial pressure, and measure a significant increase from costs, mainly the financial costs incurred by the M&A loans. Companies will increase the cost of 209h1 from $315.79 per cent to $1,189 million on a year-on-year basis, with an increase of 37.22 percentage points to 45.91 per cent.
Cash flows have continued to be robust, with an increase in the round of accounts received in advance. Cash flows from operating activities in 2019h1 have gone into $945 million, or $241 per cent more than at the beginning of the year. Accounts receivable at the end of the period were $538 million, down from $400 million at the beginning of the period, accounts receivable weeks.
Step-by-step release to maintain the “buy-in” rating.