Signing a long list with northvolt, with the basics gradually improving, and the Tianqi Lithium Industry (002466) announced an announcement on the evening of 24 September that the Tianqi Litheryumkwinanaptyltd and the northvoltett
Ab entered into a sublyagreement. The long-term supply agreement this time provides for the sale of lithium hydroxide from tlk to northvolt at a unit price to be determined by mutual agreement.
The sales with nonthvolt include base quantities and additional quantities, the basic sales of lithium hydroxide amounting to about 6-10% of the capacity of the Quanana lithium hydroxide project in the postnatal year; the additional quantities will be determined in consultation with the follow-up needs. The Swedish battery supplier, nonthvolt, was established in 2016 by the former Executive Officer of Tesla and was created by the general public.
Goldman Sachs, BMW, etc. are all involved in their $1 billion equity financing, considering that the size of the production capacity is expected to become Europe’s large-scale future partner with a 300-deep battery manufacturer. At the same time, companies have concluded long-term agreements with companies like lig chemistry, ski, ecopro, etc.
Multi-channel financing is expected to ease financial pressures, including \triangleright debt, to ease debt service pressures and, if successfully released, to significantly ease financial pressures.
Quinana I and Telison II chemical-grade lithium concentrate expansion projects are already in the pilot phase of production and capacity climbing, and four quarters are expected to start contributing more. Quinana II lithium hydroxide project has been completed.
With nearly 70 per cent of the total investment, the main project is almost complete (48,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in two phases in Quinana). The Division expects to reach 1.35 million tons of lithium concentrate and more than 68,000 tons of lithium chemical products by the end of 2019.
Cost implications. Lithium carbonate prices are already in the bottom zone, and manufacturers like Yapo have deliberately delayed the construction of new capacity, and research assistant: Xuesiaoyang, Alita of the Western High Cost Mine has entered into restructuring negotiations due to default; if the price continues down, it will result in high costs.
1. Lithium Tin Qian (002466). Lithium salt production can be phased out and in 2019 was added to the civil security system. Xuesiaoyang, Bachelor of Actuarial Science and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.