Newly available non-ferrous/precious metals in the lithium industry (002466.sz)
Lithium Tian Qian: The bottom of the industry is now, or will be, two because 2020 was the year of a massive roll-out of vehicles from overseas. • In the long term of the industry, the demand space for lithium products is not expected to be much different.
The first is that the global trend of motorization of cars has only just begun, and the second is that of storage, which is bound to rise, and that market attention may not be as high. As light and wind are growing, and lithium batteries become less expensive and more and more efficient.
Storage capacity is bound to rise at a certain point in time, and will greatly drive the demand for lithium batteries, and we may be getting closer to the tipping point. Looking at storage capacity in the long run will have a great impact on the demand for lithium, which will exceed the world's lowest cost of lithium concentrates and salt lakes for the lithium-Tianzi lithium industry by electric vehicles.
For mining companies, core competitiveness is cost, and low cost means that they can survive, survive winters, and make a lot of money when the industry is in a state of recession. Lithium is the lowest cost of lithium concentrate and salt lakes in the world, and that is the advantage of the calculus.
The size and grade of the Green Bush mine are among the world’s top reserves. In terms of the distribution of sqm’s halogen resources, saldeatacama has 42.9 million tons of lithium, the world’s largest halogen reservoir, with 1840 ppm of lithium, the highest in all halogen resources.
• Equity application for approval to eliminate the financial risks associated with the acquisition of large equity shares in sqm.
The biggest risk before the Taiwan Lithium industry was the financial risk associated with the purchase of a large sum of sqm shares, which was largely eliminated on September 2, when the SEC approved the company ' s shareholding application.
When this process is completed, the trend in stock prices depends on the basics of the industry and the company. We expect the public to have a “strongly recommended” rating.
The best-looking company is the Tin Qi Lithium industry. Markets are hard to agree on, especially at this point in time when the price of lithium carbonate products is falling rapidly. The Tian Qian Qi reported in depth at the beginning of 2019, and we are still reiterating our view that (2) since the mainstream advisory bodies and the balance of supply and demand we measure, lithium products are in the longer term.
Each cycle will be oversupply, with 2019 and 2020 being the most stressful years from a marginal point of view. Since the balance of supply and demand is measured, assumptions and variables are high, progress in expansion is dynamic, and prices are highly correlated, precision is difficult, and industry experience suggests that the trend of marginal change is positive.
Prices are much more important. (3) In terms of cost curves, the current price of lithium carbonate is around 60,000, which is already below the cost line of a number of companies. We have dismantled the cost structure of lithium producers, and we can see that depreciation is not high as a percentage of the cost.
Thus, for companies with such industry attributes, once prices fall below the cost of cash, the business will cease production or withdraw from the industry more quickly and quickly.
The cost structure of lithium compounds, second, is likely to be better than 2019 at the end of the 2020 demand, because the domestic target of 2 million electric vehicles is being met; second, because 2020 was a massive push by overseas car companies.
In the long term, the demand space for lithium products is not likely to be very divisive. First, the global trend of motorization of cars is just beginning, which is clear; second, the trend that storage is bound to rise, and the market may be less concerned about it. As light and wind are growing.
After, and after the cost and performance of lithium batteries are getting lower and better, storage will inevitably rise at some point in time, causing the need for lithium batteries to become more and more critical. Over the long term, storage will create a huge pull to the need for lithium, which will outpace the need for lithium in electric cars.
(bloombergnef) Projecting an exponential increase in the deployment of global storage systems (excluding pumping capacity) and the overall demand for electric vehicles and fixed storage systems is expected to reach 4,584gwh by 2040, where the storage can reach the Middle-Korea Union of Storage Energy Industries to issue White Paper 2019 on storage energy industry research by the end of 2018.
The cumulative load size of the Global Portable Energy Project was 181.0 gigawatts, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the same period of the year. In 2018, the size of the new global load project was 3698.8 megawatts, an increase of 304.6 per cent over the same period, and in 2018, the installation code for the new transportable chemical storage project in China.
The domestic energy and chemical storage capacity was not well developed in 2019 due to factors such as the decline in the prices of electricity in business, but this is not likely to happen because of the continued growth of photovoltaics. For mining enterprises, core competitiveness is a cost, which means that it can be achieved in times of industrial recession.
It's enough to survive, survive the winter, and earn excess profits when the industry comes. The scale of the lithium industry, with the lowest cost of lithium concentrates and salt lakes globally, is a cardboard advantage.
On 31 March of that year, the total reserves of the Central Pulse of the Green Bush Mine were approximately 6.9 million tons lce, of which lithium oxide was about 2.1 per cent. This compares with mineral reserves of less than 1 million tons of lce and 0.9-1.5 per cent of lithium oxide in most of the hard rock mines, short-term producers, etc. in operation.
In terms of the distribution of halogenated water resources, the saladeatacama of sqm has 42.9 million tons of lithium reserves, the world ' s largest halogenated water reserve, with a lithium grade of 1840 ppm, the highest level of all halogenated water resources.
By comparison, most of the halogened water resources are 1-7 million tonnes lce, with a taste range between 300 and 1,000 ppm. The greatest risk before the Taiwan Lithium industry is the financial risk associated with the acquisition of sqm shares.
By September 2, the SEC approved the company ' s shareholding application, and the risk was largely eliminated. The previous share price section implied the risk, so that the risk was eliminated and there was certainly a process of restoration, and once that process was completed, the price of the stock depended on the basics of the industry and the company.