Qingdao Beers (60060000) Annual Review: Qingdao Beers published in 2019, and companies achieved business income of $27,984 million throughout the year.
By 5.30 per cent, a net return of $1.849 billion was achieved, an increase of 30.23 per cent in the same year; by 2019q4, high-end products were growing rapidly to optimize the structure of the product, and the Māori rate of the beer business was steadily increasing. In terms of sales, the company achieved 805 million litres of beer sales in 19 years, compared to 0.25 per cent in the same year.
Thousands of litres, +7.08 per cent; other brands such as Yooyama achieved sales of 4 million litres, or 2.91 per cent; in terms of high rates, the Māori rate for the beer business rose from 37.70 per cent to 38.94 per cent, mainly because the price of tons of alcohol grew faster than the price of tons of wine to become Oyang Woo Sword
For this reason, the price of tons of alcohol increased from $3267 per ton in 18 years to $3431 per ton in 19 years, compared to +5.01 per cent in the same year; the cost of tons increased from $2035 per ton to $2095 per ton in the same period, compared to 2.93 per cent in the same period; and, in terms of regional angles, sales revenue was realized in Shandong, China North, China South, China East and South-East respectively, from 182.99, 62.69, 34.31,
Regional sales are under pressure, and other regions have been growing steadily. Guo Xiaodong's consumption tax rates and income tax rates have declined, and production capacity will continue to be optimized
The net interest rate of the company was 6.89 per cent, an increase of 1.02 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to profit improvements and inefficient management; the management cost was 6.72 per cent, an increase of 1.51 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the consolidation of the company's output.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, at a surcharge rate (250 ton per ton for alcohol over $3,000: under $3,000, at $220 per ton), while the overall sales volume of the company is relatively stable, with high-end products in the future.
There's still room for a certain decline in the consumer tax rate; the income tax rate is 34.41 per cent in 18 years.
Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, which is expected to continue to optimize production capacity in the future.
The core of equity incentives is guided by the prospect of increasing profitability, and the competitiveness of the bean is expected to continue to rise.
660 incentive recipients awarded 13.5 million restricted shares, of which 8 directors and executives of the company awarded 920,000 shares; 652 core middle-level members of other companies awarded 1.228 million shares; and net profit of $1,852 million, which we predict is likely to achieve performance evaluation targets and a large incentive mechanism.
In the short term, affected by the new crown epidemic, the company’s annual report reveals that more than 3159 million litres of domestic beer were produced in January-February, a 40 per cent decline compared to the previous year.
Consumption channels such as catering, nighttime, etc. have largely stagnated in the worst period, with company revenues falling by about 20% in January-February and profits falling by about 40% in January-February. The current sales of green bean sales have recovered to 70%, orders have exceeded in March, considering that the company's beer sales are dominated by the domestic market, and the current domestic epidemic has been brought under control with sales.
As the season approaches, corporate sales are expected to continue to improve. In the long run, high-end sales of high-end products, such as “Agut, Hong Kong Chiefs, Classic 1903, Pure Beer,” have continued to maintain a leading position in the industry.
Keeping corporate “upper” ratings Keeping the product “upper” ratings Optimizing, product upscaling steadily and maintaining “upper” ratings Keeping the “upper” ratings: risk of price fluctuations in raw materials.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.