Qingdao beer released a draft restrictive equity incentive scheme, and the company plans to award it to 660 employees.
13.5 million restricted shares, with a price of $21.73. Incentive targets highlight long-term development confidence and maintain industry leadership: the firm ' s equity incentive this time for the net net return on assets, net profits and share of the main business, with a strong focus on the long-term strategy for the beer industry.
(c) The company, as the largest beer company with a share, with a rating of 75 or more points in the industry, has a long-term preference for the company to continue to be a leader, to upgrade the market position, to benefit a number of core cadres and to stimulate the subjective energy of its employees: this time, the company has given incentives to regulate.
2. The award was based on an average collection of 50 per cent of the stock price of the company ' s stocka during the trading day, compared with today ' s collection of the stock price.
A 55% discount shows the company's sincerity. The company has a wide range and strength of equity incentives. 3. "Bender reboots, revalued growth - Aoshima-Bing is the first in the beer industry, and at a critical stage in the industry's development, the company provides incentives through equity.
Alcohol Insight Report, 2019.5.15 Workers’ interests are consistent, and are expected to be effective in stimulating motivation and creativity. The epidemic is at its dawn, with a rapid build-up of the circulatory of beer: January-February Breaths Affected by the Epidemic.
The impact of the epidemic has been high, and the industry has been active in reducing the impact of the epidemic by actively developing diversified channels, such as electricity suppliers and communities, while continuing to promote structural upgrading to ensure profit growth. The domestic epidemic is now on its way, and the beer industry is expected to continue to recover as the epidemic gradually improves and the season begins.
While actively responding to the impact of the epidemic, the green bean accelerated the construction of priority projects, launching the first major projects in 2020, investing 10 billion dollars in a beer industry eco-circle, and accelerating a deep strategy for the beer industry. The equity incentive was a powerful agent for corporate development.
In bits, boost the volume and profitability to achieve long-term sustainable development of the beer business.
The impact of the epidemic on expectations, the risk of rising raw materials prices, and the risk of increased competition in the industry
1) The net corporate asset return in 2020 was not less than 8.1 per cent and was not less than the average of the industry or the 75-square value of the target enterprise; the annual net profit average increased not less than the sum of the net profit growth of the target enterprise; 3) the share of the principal business income in the operating income in 2020 was not less than 90 per cent.
The annual increase in the average net profit is no less than the sum of the increase in net profit for the target enterprise. 3) The share of the principal business income in the operating income in 2021 is no less than 90%.
The annual increase in the average net profit is no less than the sum of the increase in net profit for the target enterprise.