Qingdao Beer (600,600): Income growth stabilized and slightly outperformed Recommended (first) • Performance slightly outperformed. During the reporting period, companies achieved business income of $27,984 million
One billion people, 30.23 per cent more than in the same year; net profit after deduction, 1,347 million yuan, 27.83 per cent more than in the same year. Of this total, operating income of 2,019q4 yuan was raised by 5.20 per cent more in the single quarter, and net profit return to the mother, 734 million yuan, 8.28 per cent less in the same period.
• Sustained annual income growth and optimized product structure. Companies achieved 805 million litres of beer sales in 2019, an increase of 0.26 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the optimal structure of the public sector's products and price increases for some products in the current year, which rose by 5,03 per cent in tonnage.
By product, 4.05 million tons of medium- and high-end brand sales represented by Qingdao, an increase of 3.49 per cent, income of $17,381 million, an increase of 7.83 per cent, Māori rate of 46.84 per cent, an increase of 0.85 pct, and public brand sales represented by Xiaoshan.
4 million tons, a decline of 2.82 per cent in the same year, income of $10.238 billion, an improvement in profitability in Shandong, South China, East China and the Southeast, with Hong Kong and its overseas regions with the highest Māori rate at 36.62 per cent, followed by North China.
• Increases in the Maori rate and management costs. During the reporting period, greater incentives for front-line business teams were introduced, resulting in a significant increase in management costs of 35.68 per cent and an increase in management costs of 1.51 pct to 6.72 per cent; and sales cost rates of 6.72 per cent
This is due to a 2.60 per cent decrease in the financial cost rate over the same year, mainly due to the limited impact of the current year ' s interest rate on the epidemic throughout the year. (1) In January-February this year, China achieved 3159,000 litres of production from the upper beer industry, a 40 per cent decline in the same year.
In the face of difficult market environments, companies have responded positively by promoting new marketing initiatives such as “Community Marketing Extension and Uncontact Distribution” to strengthen online marketing systems.
(b) Continuous improvement of the "Web Supermarket + Official Flagship Shop + Authorized Distribution Monopoly + Micro-Credit City" system of stereoscopic electrical channels to achieve on-line and off-line resource sharing and complementarities, with the prospect of early recovery and growth in corporate market sales.
On 23rd, the company released a restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft), which will fully motivate the director and core staff of the company, enhance the performance of the public sector in its production operations, and hopefully gradually release the dynamism of the company and help the company for the long term.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.