Qingdao beer (60060000) event: Qingdao beer announcement restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft), proposed to award $13.5 million to the incentive audience
Shares are restricted, accounting for about 1% of the company’s total equity. The first of these, 13.2 million shares are awarded, 300,000 shares are set aside, and the first, partial awards of incentives covered by this plan do not exceed 660 persons, including the company’s core management, middle management, core cadres, etc.
The stock incentive scheme was launched with a bit higher expectations, and the bean reform dividend is expected to accelerate the release of the stockholders' commitment to deliver the restricted stock incentive scheme (draft), and the future is expected to accelerate the improvement of the incentive mechanisms, keep the business alive and release the dividends of the reform.
More than 660 incentives were awarded to 13.5 million restricted shares, 8 of which were awarded to directors and executives of companies for a total of 920,000 shares; 652 to the middle of the core of other companies for a total of 1.228 million shares; this is Oyang Woo Sword.
(a) The net asset return rate of Guo Xiaodong for 2020-2022.
Income from business is not less than 90% of operating income. On the one hand, we believe that we can achieve the target of roe for the period 2016-2018; on the other hand, we consider the total share-sharing cost of $232 million, based on the net profit test requirements.
On the 15th floor of the Central China International Centre, the 1,000th of Shanghai, China and China Beak Road, a short-term epidemic inhibits consumer demand, and the trend of high-end long-term products remains unchanged.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a tax-free company that has been affected by the new crown epidemic for a short period of time. The beer industry has dropped by about 40 per cent in January-February.
The drop in sales is much greater; but as the epidemic improves and the catering industry resumes, the end consumption is expected to stabilize, and the two-quarter roundup is expected to improve considerably.
In the long term, product high-end is the best solution for companies to maintain their industry leadership. Drawing on the successful path of the Bweinbo high-end strategy in the Chinese market, two key points should be raised in the future.
High-end brand matrix and large monolithic operations strategy: 2) Advanced branding and marketing capability.  Maintenance of corporate “upgrading” ratings, continuous optimization, product upscaling, first-time coverage of “uptake” ratings, maintenance of “uptake” ratings, etc.
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.