Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre (CYE) Performance is over-expected and profitability accelerates The company published its annual report, which achieved business income of $27,984 million in 2019, an increase of 5.30 per cent in comparison with the previous year;
The net profit was $1,852 million, an increase of 30.23 per cent over the same period; a basic gain of $137 per share; and an increase in revenue generated by structural upgrading per 10 shares. The company sold 805 thousand litres of beer in 19 years, the same as +0.3 per cent; among them, the main Qingjia brand sold 391.4 thousand litres, the same as 3.97 per cent, while at the same time at the Ogu Litt.
High-end products have been sold at 1,733 thousand litres, + 5.98% of the year, maintaining the status of middle- and high-end beers, leading sheep. The company's beer ton has reached $3476, an increase of 5.0% from the year, and structural upgrading has accelerated. By region, the company's main base market has continued to consolidate its leading position by +8.11% of the year's revenue.
Accomplishments; North, South and South-East China are all growing faster than average, and sales are generally improving across regions. The Māori rate has risen steadily, and closing plants have increased management costs in the short term: 19 years Māori and net interest rates for companies, respectively 1. Stock incentives have fallen, highlighting long-term development confidence -
The increase in the divisional Maori ratio is driven by structural upgrades + cost pressures + value-added tax (VAT) reductions.
“Performance expectations, acceleration of structural upgrading — significant increases in staff costs associated with the Qingjia optimisation process, without taking into account the impact of this factor on the company’s productivity gains, have had significant effects.
4. Re-opening of the Green Bread, Re-evaluated Growth Values – Aoshima Bing, RMB 1,852 million, +30.23 per cent of the year, and sustained improvement in profitability. Equity incentives show a long-term sense of confidence and a positive response to the impact of the epidemic: at a critical stage of development, companies pass through
Equity incentives are aligned with the interests of employees and will be effective in stimulating motivation and creativity on the part of their target audience, highlighting the firm’s confidence in long-term development. The expected impact of the epidemic is a weakening of the company’s domestic operations in February, a sharp decline in its overseas operations in March-April, and a short-term test.
The city + the official flagship shop + the built-up power channel system of the authorized distribution store + the micro-business city + multi-channels to meet consumer demand, while continuing structural upgrading to ensure profit growth. The domestic epidemic is now on its way, and it is expected that the beer industry will continue to improve as the epidemic improves and the season begins.
In return, we have long regarded the company as a leader in the beer industry, pushing for higher volume prices and better profitability to achieve long-term sustainable development of the beer business.
Epidemic impact, changes in prices of raw materials, food safety issues Analysis of relevant report ratings in the market