Non-financial first-time coverage report for agro-forestry and fishery forage (002311.sz)
Over the past two decades, the ocean has been developing, and nearly half of the years have faced serious “winter-like” challenges, with homogenous competitive pressures in 2013.
Greater power, with major natural disasters in 2013 and 2016, and falling profits in 2013, 2021 and 2023, business feed sales are here in Von Gawen, where companies make pessimistic assumptions about their strategies every year, but today every “hard winter” at that time becomes a “breath of growth”.
In fact, in the 30 years that leading agricultural firms have done so, “cycles” and “competitions” exist objectively, but they have not stopped them from wearing them over time, and the history of China has shown that he is a good company to absorb the advantage of rivals and even a team, and that he has dominated a fierce internal competition, in which the industry evaluates that “the competition between the sea and the sea” is another ocean.
In the winter of the current industry, whether the company is also breeding “real growth” (i.e. finding a new growth model in competition. In the 16 years since China has been on the market, the annuity of 13 years has been rising.) The focus of this report is to rediscover the path of global development, to articulate its competitive advantages and to look ahead to the future.
The essence of agriculture is that solar energy is transformed into plant proteins, and partly into animal proteins, through photosynthesis, with the hands and wisdom of the people. Each year, 100 billion market space, with the supply of small farmers and mixed businesses, exists with sufficient comparative advantages to overcome what has not been easy, and the disaggregated areas suitable for intensification have gone through a much larger process of scale over the past decade;
In the areas where difficulties are concentrated, there is also a rise in a number of service-oriented farming enterprises, such as life sciences, long chains, multidisciplinary integration, difficulties in standardization, heavy capital, heavy manpower, hard labour, etc., which determine the scope for future efficiency gains and make it difficult for companies to overcome these difficulties on a sustainable basis.
The distribution of the customers of different animal feed is very diverse, and the size of the farm is not low, the value of the chain is easily lost if the business is caught up, small and small, small-scale and easily defeated by the capital of the big company, how the business is large, deep, flexible, and perhaps also found in the entrepreneurial spirit. This industry is characterized by both the opportunities and the risks that arise, and it seems that the industries are produced on a cyclical basis.
We think that the nature of ocean size is the chain-owner in animal protein manufacturing, especially in agricultural varieties that cannot be concentrated downstream.
With seedlings, feed, mobile security, and services covered in the process, the future would include even more links, with continued efficiency lead and service upgrading, the continued capture of high-quality farmers, the forward ceiling not for tons of feed, but rather the creation of value-added advantages, the regional × segmentation of the industrial chain, where the depth and breadth of the industrial chain are accompanied by greater stability of competitiveness and profit. The agro-pastoral industry is characterized by the life of the Kworn Year.
The same is true of philosophy: “In the fishing world, the deep sea captures good tuna-like fish, that is, if I keep going down, I can spend 20 years of my life as I please.” After a major setback, such as homogenization competition in 2013, the Sea Group has changed for more than 10 years, with a compound increase in the number of tons sold for 2013-2023.
In the last three years, a number of challenges have been put on the table, with total pressure, capital overhang, animal relocation, battles of death, organizational adjustments, etc., but these are fair and industry-like. After three years of suffering, the industry is expected to have a new balance in the future, and the company's entry into fcf is about net profit and low expenditure.
The new phase of returns; the gradual introduction of overseas development into the harvest period, with the prospect of creating a “larger sea”; the upgrading of financial reporting performance and a return to medium-speed growth rates; the risk of \triangleright regulatory policies on the size structure of the farming industry and regional adjustments; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations
The sea has reached a new stage of medium-growth without relying on excess capital spending, capital spending is roughly equal to depreciation, free cash flows are released (approx. net profit return), followed by an increase in dividends that can be expected, and the financial performance of an enterprise may be advanced into [roe up, return to medium-rate growth, increase in dividends].
In the domestic market, where industrial concentration is rising, the advantage of the sea’s own value chain model is expected to be the harvest phase, or to maintain robust double-digit growth, while increasing capacity utilization, among other things, in the overseas markets, which have made much effort to build a second-growth curve. The sea’s whole-chain value model is well suited.
In overseas markets, firms may have an ecological basis in the short, medium, and long term, and overseas, Chinese firms cooperate more than in competing commercial ecology, making the rate of return more secure and more space for growth. Weather anomalies and the disease affect the risks of periodic fluctuations in the feed industry; prices of major raw materials fluctuate significantly.
This paper begins with a discussion of the characteristics of the agricultural sector, the feed business and the reasons for the sustainability of the sea.
Agriculture: Ten hundred billion markets produce more efficient space and industrial opportunities The essence of agriculture is to convert solar energy into plant proteins, and partly into kinetic proteins, from fields to restaurants, through photosynthesis with the hands and wisdom of people.
Agriculture has a market space of 100 billion dollars a year, but it is supplied mainly by the fragmentation of small farmers, mixed businesses, supermarkets, and super-distributions, which stem from a “comparable advantage”. Overcoming smallholder models is difficult, small-scale operations have a strong cost advantage, and large firms, with the exception of a few, are still in the early stages of orderly transformation of production processes, and such large markets may develop.
Greater efficiency in improving space and industrial opportunities, but the process is longer, and the advantages will be sustained if they are available. For enterprise development, the main challenge is its own capabilities, and it is difficult to overcome the small-scale farmers model, and when it does, the development gap will be very large.
The problem is beyond the range of capabilities. The more firms become aware of the high threshold, the detail, the scarcity of talent, the difficulty in applying technology, the difficulty of managing it, and the fact that leading firms have taken decades to cross the curve and have some experience, while industry-wide industrial transformation takes longer and requires significant investment, and there is much room for industrial upgrading, but there is a long way to go.
We are very fortunate to have witnessed the emergence of a group of good firms that are building methods that are leading the industry forward. Over the next decade, while industry's technology indicators are progressing steadily, hidden costs are visible, human costs are rising, and changing demand for consumption is a challenge that firms have to face.
It is high, and companies with an advantage in industrialization are expected to return without a reversal if they achieve a drop in costs, which sustains their long-term confidence in expansion. Cost leadership, sustained growth, and long-term industrialization advantage firms have good 1.2. Feeding: the “junct” of plant protein to animal protein efficiency.
The essence of feed is the efficient conversion of plant proteins to animal proteins, while the feed industry is an efficient extension of farming technology. By understanding technology applications, investment in research and development, and the advantages of human talent, the process of conversion is smoother, the owners are more profitable, and the end consumers are more productive.
• Distribution and transmission of technology: Basic agricultural research in Chinese universities is becoming increasingly difficult to support enterprise development, and in the future enterprises will have to do more basic research on their own, from fish breeding, animal nutrition to disease control and farming patterns.
This is not the same as in the United States, Japan, and South Korea, where the technology dissemination system in the agricultural sector in China is from the bottom up to the top, with a sharper layer of technology, experience, and information spread slowly; the United States system is relatively good, and it is spread rapidly from the top down. The information available to farmers and businesses in the United States is not much different, and China needs itself more.
Accumulating and solving problems, agriculture is another business with a relatively high degree of experience, which is relatively easy to replicate within the enterprise and deserves snowball benefits. A track of sustained technological progress: agricultural production is a multidisciplinary combination, including genes, disease, climate, architecture, equipment, equipment, etc.
A dozen disciplines such as management, intelligence, and how to look at advances in life sciences determine the long-term focus of business operations. For fodder, the understanding of values varies considerably from one company to another, and most people feel that the formulas cannot be different, so that they can directly interpret the components of the equations of their competitors.
Industry is expected to be more competitive at some point through sustained investment in research and development and continuous iterative products. For example, feed formulations, where the frequency of adjustment is high, seek to produce the most effective feed from the cheapest raw materials, and where the ability to do so cannot be replicated.
Long-chain, multi-disaggregated, not fully standardized: the feed industry is not simply a manufacturing industry, but rather a service of breeders with manufacturing attributes. Forage products are standardized between industrial products and agricultural products, with different customers with different animal feed, with a wide range of annual variations among the farmers; and feed for the same category can be furthered by the growth phase.
Disaggregated (e.g. pig-powder, pig-powder, fertilizer, etc.). This means that the industrial chain can be used to optimize efficiency and efficiency. This means that there are a lot of different links, both in terms of opportunities for breeding and giving entrepreneurs enough room for deep-farming, to build a core of protected rivers through the accumulation of weak advantages of each link. There is also a risk that if you fail to remain conscious and vigilant at all times, the pattern may later be subverted.
1.3. Historical review, spatial and developmental trends in the feed industry 1.3.1 trillion industries have entered a period of low growth and increased concentration into the final phase of the country ' s feed industry, but the agricultural and pastoral sector has taken the lead in industrialization, and development can be divided into several phases: reform begins.
In the 1990s, the start-up phase of entrepreneurship was dominated by a combination of good and good foreign financing, foreign ownership of core formulas, gradual development of livestock farmers, awareness of feed and emphasis on the concept of “supplementation”; in the 1990s-2000, the rapid development phase was supported by high downstream demand, strong policy support, high demand for commodity feed, and domestic feed companies came out of the rain, with farmers and feeders.
(b) During the steady development phase, 2000-2010, as competition intensified, the feed emphasized “marketing” and the 4p (products, prices, channels, promotions) strategy was fully developed and applied to the extreme; and since 2010 there has been slow growth, consolidation and an increase in the country's industry.
The resonance, in which the commercialization rate is the main contributing factor; the structural dimension is dominated by livestock, which accounts for nearly 90 per cent of the total. Data for the year 2023 were calculated, but it can be seen from a comparison of the increase in feed production and animal protein consumption by 5 per cent over the last decade.
Far more than a 1% increase in animal meat; in addition, the continued increase in the share of the package in the total feed can be seen on the side of the increase in commercialization (feeding is divided into pre-mixing, concentrate, co-opts by nutrient phase, and some non-professional silos use intensive shrubs and pre-mixing to save costs).
The nature of meat consumption is population growth and age structure, and the commercialisation of feed is essentially the degree to which feed is industrialized. Given the ageing of the population and the higher degree of industrialization of feed, this will constrain the overall growth of the feed industry, and the future feed market will be a stock market.
Trends: Stakeholder-driven industries have become more concentrated, and the winning time has come. Competition in the feed industry has increased over the past decade, and backward production has been withdrawn. The early booms in the industry have planted the seeds of self-destruction at the time of their emergence, with a large amount of inefficient production.
In comparison, China’s top 10 feed companies increased their concentration rapidly over the last decade, with 34%, 37%, 48% in 2014 and 2018 and Cr10 in 2023, while detailed observations revealed a marked change in the pattern of Top10 enterprises over the last 10 years, with new hopes of staying ahead, and a marked increase in the number of cities such as China, China and Saka Fong.
Some companies, such as decent big, middle Asia-Pacific, and Tonway, are expected to enter the oligarchic phase of competition in the future, more complex than simple costs, including strategic vision, technological strength, talent ladders, managerial efficiency, etc.
It is denied that it is difficult to overcome the small- and medium-sized feeder model, which has survived the brutal killing of over a decade, and that small- and medium-sized feed companies have a strong operational resilience, either because of the cost advantages of a small economy (e.g. cheap labour) or because they occupy a small market where large enterprises are not involved (e.g., watching fish feed, etc.), and it is very difficult to make a further big breakthrough. Looking back at less than 1 million tons of them.
But the leading firms have said they're looking for further increases in the stock market, where the share increases come from, perhaps from one of them, but more of it is about taking up the market share of medium-sized firms.
When the wind blows, the business that seizes the opportunity opens the gap, for example, early in the sea, when the ad hoc aquariums are laid, and in 2015, when the consumption rises, the raw fish, the beaks, the California bass, the white prawns are a niche market, and eventually becomes the aquatic stubble. The growth of medium-sized firms is about managing borders, while the oligarchs are under competitive pressure to demand further demands from firms.
Increases in the market share of these groups are either declining or inevitable. One million tons of feed businesses grow to 10 million tons, which is equivalent to 10 plus feed plants, and 100 plus feed plants (in single plants, 100,000 tons), and test the combined strength of the business sector, which needs to take advantage of the platform ' s scale effects and overcome the increase in entropy caused by scale.
Within 200 km, limited by transport costs, short shelf life, business growth will require continuous expansion of off-site plants, with differences between regions in the variety of farmed species and farming environments, adaptation of the formulation and farming service model to local conditions, and competition with local snakes for each plant.
In 2024, twins started price wars in the pig-food market, and the pig-food industry ' s single ton earnings were significantly reduced; new hope, the sea was in Shandong.
In comparison with the region, where the price of poultry is fierce, single, inefficient firms are clearly unable to cope with the harvests of the dominant dragons. In 2018 and 2023, 100-1000wt-sized firms were found to produce between 41% and 21%, while 1000wt was the Sea Group 2.
2.1. Growth: Industry “subversives”, continuing to break down profits, but business feed sales increased almost 15 times during this period (2009-2024), and feed aggregates are now ranked 1st in the country and 1st in the world. Almost every year, the company faces different tests, and the company’s strategy is sad enough every year.
The assumption, however, is that today, when we look at every “hard winter” at that time, it becomes “a source of growth.” In fact, in the 30 years that leading companies have done so hard in agriculture, “cycles” and “competitions” exist objectively every day, but they have not stopped them from going through the cycle, and the history of China has also proved that he is a business that is good at absorbing the advantage of rivals and even the team.
There is also a strong internal competition in which the industry evaluates that "the competition for the sea is another sea " . People and organizations grow without new challenges, moderate anxiety, and awareness raising. So, in the winter of the industry, does the company also breed “substantial growth” (i.e., new growth patterns are found in the competition. The 13-year-old line has been rising in the 16 years since China has been on the market).
• 2013: A combination of internal and external pressures and a first year decline in sea-based aquatic materials. In April-July, the company’s main area, South China, suffered from persistent rainfall, serious illness, a marked decline in the number of ponds, incentives for farmers to feed, and a lack of sales of aquatic materials.
In the meantime, after 2011, the industry has generally begun to market its services, while sea-wide seedlings, mobile security, etc., have not yet matured, its comparative advantage at the client level has begun to decline, and some within the company have begun to question the construction and effectiveness of the service system.
▪ 2014-2016: Breaking through the dilemmas, seeking help from the inside, and growing out. After the difficulties of 2013, companies began to seek a breakthrough, building on the inside. On the one hand, working actively to improve corporate informatization, such as the Sap management system, internal management was gradually moving towards processization, standardization, and replicability of management, and the internal pole management model was quickly pushed forward
Broad: On the other hand, collating internal teams, improving the staff incentive system at multiple levels and levels, such as implementation of employee ownership and equity incentives, performance-sharing mechanisms, optimization of the remuneration model of individual teams. In addition, companies are exploring outside to improve the service model by studying farming models, optimizing the performance of seed products, extending financing services, etc.
In June 2016, the country was hit by a hundred-year-old mega-flood, which hit most of China’s central and eastern regions, and severely hit the feed industry, but the sea has maintained a more pronounced over-the-counter advantage.
▪ 2017-2021: In the harvest period, China has a greater advantage than industry and has a stronger resilience to risk and crisis. After years of deep-farming in markets, the aquatic sector gained a high profile in 2017, and the sea has achieved a high yield (year + 16% of total feed and 41% of the mother ' s profits); particularly, the volume of water produced increased by yoy + 23% compared to industry.
In 2019, the industry lived in an unfriendly environment, with a sharp reduction in the stock of non-pest-affected pigs, and a large number of pig companies transformed into competitions for the market in water: special mature beaks, raw fish, etc., were in a storage cycle, and feed demand was shrinking. But the sea was showing a very strong growth resilience, with sales equal to sales in the case of a 1% decline in the aquaculture industry.
A 13% increase, compared to 2013 and 2016, was a marked improvement in the ability to cope with risks and crises. Before that year, a massive expansion began, starting in 22 years, into the stocking cycle of animal proteins, with weak demand for downstream meals and difficult farming ends.
• 2024: The profitable warming of domestic mariculture and the de-drawn of special aquaculture ponds continue; the high growth potential of sea-owned overseas is highlighted by 2.1.1.Liki markets: how sea-based markets can be captured in terms of “fish raw” species; aquatic feed varieties are relatively dispersed and single varieties are small. In the long run, integrated enterprises have made profits in several core varieties.
The guarantee will be followed by additional resources to attack new varieties, creating a positive cycle that will put greater pressure on niche small businesses that rely on a single variety. The main profit pools for sea-based aquatic materials come from several core groups, such as raw fish, California bass, and sea bass, and we can recreate the logic of China’s growth in single-species markets by recapitulating changes in the raw fish feed industry in 2012-2023:
1. The commercialization rate of the raw fish feed industry rose from 480,000 to 610,000 tons in 2012-2023, and growth was significantly faster than in farming, with changes in farming patterns + improvements in feed quality at the core of which farmers are willing to increase their success through inputs from quality feed.
2) The pattern is disruptive, and 2015 will be a critical year. There are five simple stages of the evaporation phase (2015-2017), oligopoly (after 2018). In 2010-2014, competition in the raw fish market was insufficient, with top5 being a regional enterprise with low rates of municipal participation; moreover, fish farming was often heavily funded and not drug-intensive.
The concentration of regulations, credit sales, etc. on feed is inefficiency, and companies have the potential to overturn their cars by marketing, credit, etc. The year 2015 was a catch point in the raw fish industry, with overcapacity in farming, reduced demand as a result of food safety events, and declining sales in the industry, which was the year when the sea rose strongly, sales doubled and the city took over.
About 10% rose rapidly to the top of 20%. Only 20,000 tons of raw fish are sold, with 6% of the city and 6% of the industry; about 20% of the big city in 2015, with Top2 as the leading market for raw fish, with a combined share of nearly 50%; and the sea in 2018.
The reason for the strong increase in the market share of the sea market, which has reached more than 40%, is that: (i) as noted earlier, the industry was not competitive enough in 2010-2014 to provide opportunities for later generations; and (ii) the stock of the product. As Xuehua said in his 2015 Breakthrough, the fish farm would be a fast-growing species in the future.
In 2012, the development of fish, bass, mackerel, and big yellow fish was intensified, and significant progress was made. In 2014, the company grew by 40% in high-end inflating fish.3 Production capacity was extremely high. In 2013, the sea experienced quality problems, production fell, and rapidly adjusted from 2014 onwards, and technological research and development investments continued to increase the amount of raw fish.
The formula is decomposed into several stages, starting with seedlings, starting with the 5-6 breeding material, and moving to large-scale raw fish material, each stage having different formulations based on farming patterns, fish nutritional needs and consumer market needs, meeting the needs of farmers and consumer customers, with sea bait coefficients leading the market significantly for the third consecutive year of 2014-2016. 4. Full use is made of feed, seedlings, kinetic security, etc.
At a time back in 2015, there were no major technical difficulties in the raw fish industry, and the industry’s pains were increasingly concentrated in the circulation market and end-use. On the basis of good feed, China was gradually helping the farming system around the whole chain of raw fish industries.
Land addresses production and marketing challenges, including the promotion of the "big fish" farming model, interventions in seedlings (the 2016 Sea Flag successfully selected male hybrids and will launch new seedlings into the market in a year or two), financial services for high-quality customers, good firms are good at cross-practice learning, and in the same period, Alibaba's success inspired the sea-to-ecosystem business model.
2.1.2. The extension of the whole industry chain: the creation of systemic advantages. As early as 2006, the company was strategically positioned as a service provider through the provision of seedlings to farmers.
Products and technical services that support the all-farming process, such as the Environmental Control-Physics Control-Friendage-Foresee Information, have made the advantage of feed more evident. High-quality farm-farming technical services have become an important catcher for China’s increased customer viscousity and barriers. 1) Seeding operations: the advantages of production have been added to the development of feed products.
The amount has increased to six, including the Vannabin shrimp "Yellow 2", the Vannabin shrimp "Yellow 3", the conglomerates "Wai 1" and the "Yang 1" and the hybrid shrimp breeders. With regard to shrimp breeding, the company owns the largest stock of white to shrimp in South America, and the breeders are able to match their products from their source with different models of farming for their clients.
As far as fish seedlings are concerned, they continue to be held up and invested, breaking the “cricket” problem of importing species, such as raffles, and creating new ones on traditional species such as grassfish, shoals, shoals, and taking the lead in the scaling of single seedlings, such as raw fish, yellow shoals. As we have mentioned earlier, agriculture is a genetic, disease, climate, architecture, equipment.
When more than a dozen disciplines are integrated, the differences in the value of the life sciences and research and development inputs of different enterprises are greater, and it is this difference in knowledge that determines the greater efficiency of the agro-pastoral sector to improve space and comparative advantages among firms, as well as the ceiling for enterprise development. The strategic layout of seedling operations is the microscale of the company’s emphasis on technology, talent, and each value point in the chain of industry.
To date, the sea has been internationalized, with aquaculture seedlings in Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc., and the expansion and competition of overseas operations cannot be supported by seedlings. 2) Action to protect businesses: companies have the most experienced and passionate technical service teams in 10,000 industries, raising them all over the country.
The intensive areas have hundreds of highly functioning service stations that can simultaneously provide technical services to tens of thousands of farmers at high frequency, creating functional complementarities and synergies with sales and services, channels and fosterrs in marketing and management teams.
2.1.3. Open land: from the South China Camp to the whole country, to the world year, China is aware of the narrowness of the crop mix, the distance from the farm terminals and the vulnerability to bottlenecks in development.
From 2009 to 2023, the company’s long-term presence in South China led to the creation of China’s Chinese, China’s East, and China’s North. The share of South China’s contribution has now fallen to around 45%, and mature methodologies and well-developed systems have gradually been replicated in other regions.
The share of China’s northern, Chinese and overseas regions has continued to rise rapidly, and China’s core competitiveness: product power, service capacity, built-up systems 2.2.1. R & D: in essence, cognitive differences, the surface is the transformation of R & D systems and outcomes.
The agricultural sector is highly dependent on technology, and the chain of production is first and foremost supported by technology, as a basis for upgrading production patterns and scale. However, the importance of research and development in agricultural enterprises is generally low, and common doubts include “why pigs need college students and feed formulas to be differentiated,” and companies are moving.
The difference between the efficiency of the shift from plant proteins to animal proteins over the next 5 to 10 years is determined by the differences that have arisen. Haida has always defined itself as a technology-based enterprise, tending to invest in research and development by sources and teams when each new species is not yet in the breeding phase, with cumulative R & D spending exceeding 4 billion yuan in 2013-2023; as of 2023, SERORO
The team reached 3,500 people, including more than 110 PhDs and 800 masters, including multidisciplinary talent in animal nutrition, veterinary medicine, reproductive selection, farming patterns, bioengineering, biochemistry, mechanics, etc.
R & D stocks; at the same time, well-developed R & D demonstration processes, project development processes, piloting, intermediate testing processes, and industrial processes ensure low-risk, efficient, and high-quality implementation of R & D projects. Based on existing research and development technologies in China, feed and formulation bait coefficients are better than industry averages, and companies have made significant breakthroughs in research and development of raw materials in recent years, particularly shrimp crabs, brands,
Fish-powder substitution techniques are relatively advanced for the best type of feed, and there is still much room for optimization in the formulation of the various types of feed. Procurement: collection model + enhanced cost advantage for futures suites. Raw materials cost 70 per cent of feed cost + lifelines for feed companies.
Since 2003, China has adopted a centralized procurement model for group procurement management, with a professional procurement team established in 2006. Over the past two decades, China has developed its own unique experience and model in procurement, further bridging the gap between industry and industry. 1) Centralized procurement: companies focus on centralized procurement, supported by molecular companies authorizing procurement.
The bulk of raw materials, for example, are procured centrally, managed by Headquarters, which accounts for more than 90% of the value of the company’s purchases, while small regional varieties are purchased by molecular companies themselves. Centralized purchasing authority, which essentially disrupts the re-engineering process of information flow, financial flows, logistics, etc., is beneficial for the advantage of scale, but flexibility is also relatively low.
The concentration of feed plants in the Guangdong region, where they originate, and the subsequent expansion to the Outer Province continue. And China’s demand that all links be highly professionalized and that efficient and coordinated communication maximize the benefits of gathering, such as the general manager of the plant, who is not proficient in marketing, is supported by a group of professionals.
2) Specialized procurement: by variety, the Group headquarters has a dedicated procurement team, each with a variety of four to five persons, with a large number of 10 to 20 persons, specializing in a variety or group of people, such as when to buy, how much to buy according to plan, and eventually distributing raw materials to molecular companies. For example, at the Headquarters procurement centre, there is a department of oil, including beans, cotton.

Most agro-pastoral enterprises in the industry still have a great deal to do in terms of learning and using financial instruments, awareness-raising, and capacity-building.
By way of example, in 2003, the sea was still small in size, but the initial “test-water” city was quick; in 2006, a condom team was set up to regulate operations. Based on a mature foreign trade model, a fully integrated mix between the current and the current ends, and a well-developed risk management system, it is clear that after more than a decade of actual battle, China has discovered its own hedging, condoming, etc. in futures markets.
Phase operating models and transactional tempos, with extensive experience in the use of a combination of procurement tools, such as spot, futures, options, etc., with flexible methods, have further enhanced their own procurement advantages.
4) In the procurement process, there is a combination of knowledge and art in the procurement and marketing of goods. In technology, there is a combination of buying and using technology. There is a great deal of imported raw materials, alternative materials, quick responses, and new requirements for technology. New applications and technologies are mainly in the areas of nutrition, supply, stability, and so on.
The former equipment may not meet the demand, and there is a need to improve the equipment and processes, such as sorghum shredding detail, to do homework. Moreover, it is crucial to work with sales, for example, when new raw materials are introduced, although the nutritional content of the feed remains unchanged, changes in color, appearance, and communication between sales personnel and their clients are important.
2.2.3. Services: From 2006 onwards, President Xuehua began to position the company as a service company, which became an important competitive advantage for the Sea Group.
Home-based services can make feed advantages more visible. Companies in the 2018 newspaper describe their own service advantages in this way: companies have over 5,000 service marketing teams that reach out to ponds and farms to learn about farming, so companies have clear technical requirements for end-use habits, precision for product design, and support companies’ technical resources to fully pool with the core needs of their clients.
“Four” linkage mechanisms, maximization of corporate value Product strength not only needs to be underpinned by professional capacity, but more importantly, rapid alignment mechanisms where R & D, procurement, production, and services can create maximum value only if they are closely integrated. “Four one” quick linkage mechanisms mean that procurement staff are able to match their strengths.
(b) Market service providers are able to communicate market demand clearly to formulae, while keeping track of breeding under changing feedback formulas in a timely manner.
In-house operations are timely in responding to the adjustment of the formula, ensuring that the product is not produced under the formula, ensuring the stability of the production process and being responsible for the cost of production. On a fast-track basis, it is ensured that the value of the company’s products is kept optimal and that the advantages of the company’s production power are fully reflected.
China's “people and organization” 3.1. Strategic planning is clear: kernels are superior entrepreneurship and determination.
China’s operations have gone from small to large, from simple to complex, and from single to multiple. In 1998, the Oceanic Group was established to start with a mixture of water products; in 2002-2003, it moved into a much wider range of aquatic co-ops to achieve its first successful transformation: the gradual deployment of poultry, pig food, and the extension of the feed chain to seedlings, kinetics, farming, etc.
In 2006, China achieved its second transformation, completing a shift in its position from a manufacturing to a service-oriented one, and the marketing of services was the first to emerge. China developed a five-year plan for the period 2007-2011, which proposes a continuation of the industrial chain based on achieving core competitiveness.
At the same time, the strategic importance of the development of poultry and the layout of the plant for animal feed was clarified, and livestock feed and water feed co-mingled. In 2009, China placed greater emphasis on building service systems to build value-chain advantages. At the Group Services Marketing Congress, companies argued that competition for feed products was at a stage of value chain competition, and that the essence of value chain competition was the establishment and improvement of service systems.
The improvement of the service system will support the company’s rapid expansion of feed plates and the creation of a unique and difficult to replicate profit model. And the progressive implementation of the service will result in a rapid increase in the sale of seedlings, water-dating products, pharmaceutical products, etc., while at the same time providing better benefits to farmers and companies. With the change in the marketing model of the service, China handed over satisfaction to shareholders in 2011.
In 2013, because of factors such as the outbreak of shrimp disease, aquatic materials were in a state of difficulty, and the ocean has experienced the first decline in profitability since it was listed. As a result of the disease, the marketing of services was not evident at the end of the term, team confidence was frustrated, and questions began to arise internally.
After many changes, in 2014 and 2015, it achieved a breakthrough in adversity at the most difficult times in the industry, while increasing its value in terms of clients, channels, teams, and so on. Based on “creating value for customers.”
“We are fortunate to have chosen the agro-pastoral sector, an industry of such magnitude that the value of the industry will gradually be highlighted over the next decade, and the value of the company, of each of us, will be fully reflected, as history has given us, as noted in the company's annual report of 2015 to shareholders.”
3.2. Learning-based organizations: Continuous learning, post-manufacturing, sea-sized styles that are not the first entrants into the industry, but tend to grow up from the post-aquatic entrants to the present, and then develop a dynamic layout of the avian material as it grows in the middle of the day, behind which success lies the whole set of methodological theories that shape it.
Business development is a process of continuous learning, and the growth of employees is a process of continuous learning, and neither business nor employees are intoxicated by what they did yesterday. Markets change, competitors change, companies have to constantly review themselves, deny themselves, and promote learning between employees and from competitors.
• Corporate culture: It is a manifestation of the soft power of companies, a culture of value, a culture that seeks out its customers' values from outside, and a value for its employees from inside. In the company’s growing growth, it is difficult and valuable to focus on the needs of its customers. In terms of employee values, China has created a two-way system for the development of its employees, and has set up a system of qualifications for its employees.
Building a sound training and development system, a pay and benefits system, career planning, personal development of employees and business development Strategic vision and tactical balance: Recapitulating the development history of China for more than two decades, strategic early deployment, tactically radical, conservative combinations, learning skills, and rapid organizational adjustment.
In 2006, the service marketing model was defined, and the seeding operations were set up: in 2011, overseas markets were deployed, and the speed of acquisition and risk control were increased. Forage industry was heavily asset-intensive, with a high risk of receivables being phased out in the event of a loss. Sea-based feed markets steadily increased from 2% in 2011 to 8% in 2023, and aquaculture markets were more active.
About 20% occupy the top position, gradually destabilizing the pioneers, requiring a radical and conservative tactical balance. Incentives are in place: the pay system of the sea is already at the forefront of the industry, while companies are constantly pursuing equity incentives and promoting employee-equity programs.
Stable and motivated teams: China has attracted, nurtured and retained a large number of people through its talent value system strategy, and has developed a team of well-educated, rational, mature and stable professionals. Stable and motivated teams have always been self-settling and often reflect on their potential risks, such as bureaucracy and rigidity.
The large-scale system has made every team within the group structure highly professional. 4. Profit forecasting and rating has reached a new stage of moderate growth without relying on excess capital spending, capital spending is roughly equal to depreciation, free cash.
After the release period (approx. net profit for the mother), the next red mark rises can be expected, and the enterprise’s finances or financial performance (roe up, return to medium-rate growth, higher dividends). The domestic market has passed the stage that requires substantial capital spending, but the profits will not increase.
In the run-up, the advantage of its own value chain model has reached the stage of gradual realization, where only a small amount of money will be needed to adapt technology, or double-digit growth will be sustained. Overseas markets create a second-growth curve.
In the medium and long term, there may be an ecological base, and overseas, Chinese firms cooperate more than competing commercial ecosystems, making the rate of return more secure and more space for growth. We use segment valuations.
So, for the three main components of company feed, seedlings, and insurance, we refer to the company's historical valuation; for the company's pigboard, we refer to the average market value of the company's pig head.
Non-pig business: Forage is a post-cycle block, and the overall climate is recovering slightly behind fish prices. 24 years of fish price recovery, the farm farm has begun to give some value to the biopone, so that the non-pig portion of the valuation reference area is listed by the company until 2018.
1) Weather anomalies and diseases in farming can affect the risks of periodic fluctuations in the feed industry. The feed industry mainly serves downstream farming, where there may be fluctuations in the stocking of farms, in the number of ponds, or even in the scale of the disease, in the event of abnormal changes in natural factors, such as weather, rain, typhoons, etc., which may affect the demand for the feed, in the form of phased or regional fluctuations in demand.
2) Risk of large fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials. Forage is mainly a variety of bulk agricultural products, mainly maize and soybeans. As the internationalization of agricultural trade increases, the price changes for agricultural products are becoming more complex, and companies may face a combination of purchases if they fail to manage changes in the handling of raw materials for feed in a timely manner and to manage and control risks in a timely manner.
In recent years, the state has stepped up its efforts to combat livestock pollution, particularly by limiting the size of farming in priority water sources and surrounding areas. The impact of environmental policies on pig-breeding and scavenging industries puts existing niche firms at risk of reshuffling.
4. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Global purchases of raw materials for feed have become the norm, companies ' investments abroad and their operations abroad are growing rapidly, and exchange rate fluctuations in either currency may have a personal perception of the region’s business settlement costs and the value of its assets stock.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.