Construction and decorations The main industry has grown robustly, and overseas and emerging businesses have grown brightly, and China's hand-in-hand (60180.0.sh) annual report, 2024
In 2024, our economy continued to move from a high-growth phase to a high-quality development phase, with the Central Political Bureau meeting deployed in September.
The policy of crowding up, increasing the issuance of ultra-permanent special national debt, increasing macroeconomic policy counter-cyclical regulation, and providing a liberal policy environment for transport infrastructure. Corporate ownership has steadily advanced, with an increase of 1.74 per cent in operating income and a slight decline in net return to the mother.
1.81 per cent, with a further improvement in the quality of operations and a 3.69 per cent increase in net operating cash flows of $12.506 billion on a year-on-year basis.
Investment projects are high-volume, overseas and emerging businesses are growing rapidly. Companies are pressing the requirement of “controlling aggregates, cumulations, raising quality” to make strong investment projects and enhance profitability. 2024 This is a 38% decline compared to the previous year, with $129 billion in new contracts in the project's investments year-round, compared to the same amount.
A 34 per cent decrease, laying the groundwork for companies to further improve the quality of investment projects, their performance and their cash flow. Overseas operations and emerging operations grew brightly. In 2024, new overseas purchase orders of $35.97 billion were signed, up 12.5 per cent from the previous year, faster than new ones.
This represents an increase of 46.4 per cent over the previous year, of which water projects, energy-source projects and agro-forestry-fishing projects increased by 109.8 per cent over the same period.
Profit forecast and investment rating: 2024, companies were active in overseas and emerging business, upgrading
Overseas and emerging business orders are growing faster, supporting long-term development. Combined with macro, Chinese iron construction and Chinese iron as comparable companies, the company’s emerging business is growing faster, it has some margin for premiums, and the current valuation level is reasonable, given that the company’s emerging business is growing faster.
, maintaining an “enhancement” rating. Growth is not as high as expected; the pace of growth in emerging operations may be volatile; and data references risk. \triangleright
Please read the text carefully and have the exemption clause for this report. Without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. The paper clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.