A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
CTGDF (601888 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
1Q22 below market although GPM rebounded on strong
2M22 momentum; keep Hold on fluid COVID situation
Target Price
RMB192.0
(Previous TP
RMB212)
Up/Downside
+10.6%
1Q net profits came in at RMB 2.56bn, down 10% YoY and was slightly
Current Price
RMB173.5
below market consensus considering the result only tracked c.22% of
consensus FY estimate. CTGDF previously announced RMB 2.4bn net
China Consumer Sector
profits for Jan-Feb. This implies net profits for March was only RMB160mn.
We believe this was mainly attributable to Hainan's operation closure in
Joseph Wong
March.
Despite the soft performance of March, gross margins improved to 34% in
1Q22 when that compared to only 28% in 4Q21, thanks to the narrowing
Zheng Xiaohui
discount after management pledged to adhere to more disciplined
promotions along with competitors. GPM looks to have troughed. That said,
whether 1Q's momentum could extend further into coming quarters remains
Stock Data
the "known unknown" to us especially when the supply chain of Sunrise
Shanghai's online business was unexpectedly disrupted by the city's
lockdown. We will keep watching the trajectory.
Trading at -2SD below average, earnings cut looks to be the major event to
drive share price performance from here. Our 2022 forecast is still c.6%
Shareholding Structure
below consensus after trimming 3% of our 2022E net profits to reflect the 1Q
results. Our new TP of RMB192 (from RMB212) is based on an updated 34x
(from 36.5) end-22E P/E which still represents -1sd below 3-year average.
Key highlights from management call:
Share Performance
Covid impact was overall under control in Hainan so far, according to
management, while a major uncertainty for the business is the covid
situation and policy in other regions in China, such as Shanghai.
Key expansion project: the Haikou International Duty Free City has its
12-mth Price Performance
investment promotion phase completed by 1Q22 and entered into the
construction phase, which, however, has to be suspended due to difficulty
for construction teams to travel to Hainan from Shanghai given the city's
current lockdowns. The target opening of the City, though, remained Sep 30,
2022 as previously planned.
Online business development: an integrated online platform connecting online
and offline, domestic and overseas, and duty-free and taxed businesses has been
established, which is endowed with a potential customer portfolio made of c.22mn
subscribers on CTGDF's wechat mini-program. Management indicated online
business is currently and will be a key focus for the company in the next 3-5 years.
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Related Reports
"Management initiatives may not ully
dispel uncertainty over the planned
margins recovery; down to HOLD" -
"CTGDF (601888 CH) - At near
term trough; Shares likely mean-
revert on sequentially better 4Q
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Other takeaways:
Logistic system: Phase I of the company's own logistic center in Hainan
has been completed by 1Q22, with an area of 50,000m2 while Phase-II will
have 40,000m2. The new logistic system would help the company speed up
its shipment and improve its operating efficiency, and the benefit would start
to emerge from May, according to management.
Business development with luxury brands had to slow down in Mar-Apr
due to travel restrictions for people from/to Shanghai, where many brands
have their China headquarter, though some luxury houses have been
making recruitment in Hainan already.
Inventory increased c.6.2% YoY in 1Q22, mainly due to the company's
intention to ensure sufficient SKUs to sell considering the current tumultuous
global macro-economic and geo-political environment, while only a very
small portion is made of stock aged 1 year+.
The rate of visitation to CTGDF's stores was relatively low so far despite a
high purchasing rate (c.70-80%) and management expected to attract more
visitations through various measures that would improve shopping
experience including expansion of operating space of stores, more efficient
payment and easier delivery.
Overseas channel expansion will be another key focus for the company in
the next 3-5 years. Stores in Hong Kong Airport, Hong Kong city, Macau
Airport and Cambodia continued to make positive net profit in 1Q22, and
Macau city duty-free shop opened in the quarter. CTGDF planned to
continue to expand its footprint overseas, focusing on SEA first, or
regions/countries with a higher presence of Chinese travelers.
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM
Source: Hainan government, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM does
not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors
to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM or its
affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or
enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss,
damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information
contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIGM
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides the information,
advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other publications having information
and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make
investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf
of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in
this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIGM will not assume
any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or
published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBIGMG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBIGMG may distribute reports produced by its respective
foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is
distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289)
of Singapore, CMBIGMG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBIGMG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.