China Oil (601857.sh) Natural gas has a core resource advantage, and there is considerable flexibility under the price linkage mechanism.
Oil petrochemical refining and trade, Liu Zi Ding, millions of cubic metres, an increase of 5.4 per cent over the same period; gas imports, 56.63 million tons, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period, maintained faster and faster, with Chinese oil producing oil.
China’s oil is the main source of domestic gas production, with future growth coming mainly from the Changqing oil fields, the Southwest oil fields, the Tariki oil fields, etc.; and 2) the import of pipeline gas, with imported gas resources dominated by Chinese oil, which is the main source of future growth.
The Russian pipeline and Central Asian line d; 3) The reform of the gas market has been effective and the price regime has gradually been streamlined, and since the beginning of this year the country has been pushing the weather up and down, with rising gas prices for the population and still space for future gas prices; (4) We believe that China ' s oil companies, as pioneers in the natural gas industry, have sufficient resources to produce domestic gas and imported pipeline gas, and will continue to develop in the future with rapid growth in the gas industry.
The outlook for growth will be impressive. We see the elasticity of the company’s performance as a result of the favourable prices of natural gas, and the forecast of higher net profits for the period 2023-2025 is that the recovery is not as fast as expected to lead to an increase in natural gas.
China ' s oil is a domestic gas pipeline, with a share in the gas market close to 60%. According to China ' s oil officials network, the company ' s natural gas production is mainly from the Changqing oil fields, the Southwest oil fields, and the Tarim oil fields. The core three blocks account for 83% of the company ' s production share and are also the future company ' s 1) Changqing oil fields.
The oil and gas resources of the Ordos basin are typical of the international low-permeability, low-pressure, low-abundance oil and gas fields. The oil resources of the Ordos basin are 16.9 billion tons, natural gas is 16.3 trillion, oil and gas resources are detected at 40.4% and 42.1% in the Changqing area, respectively.
On the basis of basic research, technology, break the international oil company’s technological monopoly, break down the core technology of low-filtration, very low-filtration, dense-gas fields, and develop the key to the discovery of oil and gas resources, and accelerate the transformation of oil and gas reserves, allowing the “three lows” of oil and gas to burst into huge energy. Changqing’s oil and gas fields, which began to develop in the 1990’s, are now China’s highest-yielding oil and gas fields, and have been associated with me for 13 years in a row.
Over the past 50 years, 35 fields have been discovered and successfully developed, including Marling, Anse, Jianan, Sai Feng, Jiyuan, Wahqing, Qing City, and 13 gas fields, such as Yanby, Elin, Surig, Shingi, etc.., cumulatively producing 440 million tons of crude oil and 564.8 million tons of natural gas and cumulatively producing 26.25 billion cubic metres of natural gas in the Yangqing oil fields in the first half of 2023, an increase of 4.9 per cent during the “14th Five” period.
The production of oil and gas will reach 68 million tons per year) and the southwest oil and gas fields will be the largest in the country, with a cumulative reserve of 7.3 trillion, representing only 18.3 per cent of the country's greatest potential for natural gas exploration and exploitation.
The Sichuan Basin gas reservoirs are characterized by “more than three degrees and three degrees,” i.e. multi-layered, multi-type, multi-area, high temperature, high pressure, high sulphur content, and low pore, low permeability, low abundance. And, in the depth of wells, the exploitation of the southwest oil and gas fields in recent years has gradually expanded from the mid-surface to the depths: the average well depth of 2,500 metres by 2000 and the average depth of the 12th-year period has increased to 4,500 metres.
China Oil Southwest Oil and Gas Fields was established in 1999 to operate mainly in the Sichuan and Xichang Basin oil and gas exploration and exploitation, refining, oil and gas transfer and marketing operations, and is now in charge of the five major oil and gas zones of Chongqing, Kanan, Chuan Nakagawa, North-west Chuan and North-East Chuan.
The development of a new four trillion-dollar reserve of gas in the Punlai region, deep shale gas, basin shale gas, two-fold systems, land-based heavy gas, and the development of a “new zone, old zone steady production” and heavy-weighted, and the rapid advancement of the Kawanan shale, the Chuan-Kulung, the old area gas-rich, the basin gas-rich 4 production-concentrated, the new “2211” development pattern, which strongly supports the commonwealth.
In the first half of 2023, the Southwest Oil and Gas Corporation accumulated 20,611 million pieces of natural gas, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous 2.25 billion.
The company's year-round assessment target of 41 billion was 50.3 per cent, of which 6,497 million produced shale gas, an increase of 932 million, or 16.75 per cent, up from an all-time high. The south-west oil and gas fields have fully launched the development goal of “bringing 50 billion and fighting 80 billion”: 50 billion cubic metres of natural gas by 2025; and 80 billion cubic metres of natural gas production by 2035.
The Tarriwood Basin is located in the oil- and gas-rich belt of the Gutttis tectonics, with a single “large basin” geological background connected to the new generation of oil- and gas-bearing basins in Central Asia, where a large number of mega, large oil- and gas-fields have been found in the “gold belt” at the same latitude, with oil and gas reserves accounting for 44 per cent of the world's total reserves.
Above. The Tarriwood Basin is the only super-large super-deep basin in the world and the most productive basin in terms of domestic reserves. It identifies 1,497 million tons of geological reserves, 253 trillion tons of natural gas, 947 million tons of ultra-deep geological reserves, and 17,500 tons of natural gas. The Tari Wood Basin contains oil and gas in depths of 6,000 to 8,000 metres, generally characterized by over-deep, high temperatures, high pressure, high sulphur content, high wax content, exploration and drilling.
The Tarimu oil field is located in the Takramagan desert in the Western Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region. It is the third largest oil and gas field on land in China. It is the main source of energy for China. It is the main source of energy for the south and the lower Xinjiang provinces.
After the discovery of one billion cubic metres of atmosphere, another trillion cubic metres of atmosphere have been discovered in recent years at a very deep depth, and by the end of the “14th Five” it is expected that the natural gas production in the Greater North will reach 10 billion cubic metres per year and condensed oil production will reach 1.02 million tons per year, which will be one of the main gas-producing areas of the country's “14th Five” clean energy reserves.
In the first half of 2023, the Tariki oilfield produced 4.102 million tons of oil liquid and 17.05 billion cubic metres of natural gas, producing 17.69 million tons of oil and gas equivalents, an increase of 510,000 tons over the same period, bringing the oil liquid, gas and gas equivalents “three hard-and-half” to a record high. In the future, the Tariki Oil Field Company will actively pursue China’s oil resource strategy, further develop its up-to-date production operations, and accelerate the search for strategic replacement areas and high-quality storage on a large scale.
To achieve the equivalent of 36 million tons of oil and gas production by 2025 and 40 million tons of oil and gas production by 2030.
At present, the main sources of gas imported into the country are the Central Asian Line, the Central Asian Line, which is the longest developed and the largest imported pipeline. The main sources of gas imported are Chinese oil, accounting for about 30% of China's domestic gas sales structure, and the main sources of gas growth during the 14th Five-Year Period are the Central Russian-Russian-East Line and the 15-Year Plan.
The Central Asian gas pipeline is the country’s first transnational energy channel for natural gas introduced by land, mainly from Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Kazakhstan.
Through our Xinjiang Holgos crossing, line ab is connected to the second line of “West Gas East” and line c is connected to the third line of “West Gas East” . Central Asia now has a total pipeline capacity of 55 billion, which has remained largely high at about 80% in recent years, and 43.2 billion in 2022. The future increase in Central Asian pipelines is mainly from Central Asia, line d, which, as previously planned, is based mainly on the rehabilitation of gas fields in Turkmenistan and via Uz.
Bekstan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Xinjiang Ucha have a capacity of 30 billion people. On 19 May this year, at the China-Central Asia summit, China initiated the China-Central Asia Energy Development Partnership to accelerate the development of China-Central Asia gas pipeline line d, which is expected to accelerate progress in Central Asia.
China’s natural gas pipeline has been floating since the west coast of Myanmar, entering China from Yunnan Rieli, and ending in Guangxi Gui port, where it is designed to produce 12 billion cubic kilometres of gas per year. At present, China’s gas pipeline is only about 4.5 billion cubic kilometres per year.
The Russian-Chinese gas pipeline, which is our third imported gas pipeline on land, has now become operational on the Russian-Chinese East (the Siberian power pipeline) at the end of 19th, with an initial period of 5 billion cubic metres per year, and has since grown to 38 billion cubic metres of design supplies each year.
The Chinese-Russian border in the city of Khelongjiang is about 3,000 kilometres long, and Chinese territory is entering from the city of Black River in Heilongjiang province, via Heilongjiang, Gilling, Nemong Gu, Liaoning, Hebei, Tianjin, Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, 9 provinces, cities, autonomous regions, and 5111 kilometres long. In the future, the Chinese-Russian pipeline will be the Chinese-Russian pipeline, of which the western line will plan a volume of gas of 50 billion, through Mongolia, which is relatively slow owing to the greater geopolitical problems involved;
The pipeline starts in Dalim Rezhynsk, crossing the Usu River to the Heilong River, where it is designed to provide 10 billion gas annually. Importing ng: China oil has two large lang reception stations, which remain relatively stable in size, and Chinese oil has now built four lang reception stations: Jiangsu like East lang reception station, Hebei Tangshan lang reception station, and Liaoning Dalian lang reception station.
On 20 June 2023, China Oil and Qatar Energy signed a cooperation document for the North Gas Field Expansion Project, which will continue to provide 4 million tonnes/year of Chinese oil supply to China over the next 27 years, and the size of China’s oil imports has been strongly guaranteed.
The Central Petroleum River Solng receiving station is the first operational receiving station in Jiangsu province and the largest storage and peaking station in the Long Triangle region, with six storage tanks with a total tank capacity of 1.08 million and a maximum gas storage capacity of 670 million cubic metres in the case of reservoirs. During the winter peak period, it will be possible to guarantee 23 million households a month of gas use, with a maximum daily capacity of 39 million cubic metres.
The first phase of the Jiang Solang receiving station started work in April 2008 and became operational in May 2011, with a design swing capacity of 3 million tons; the second phase started work in September 2013 and was fully operational in November 2016, with a capacity of 6.5 million tons for the docking; the third phase started work in October 2018 and was officially launched in September 2021, with a capacity of 10 million tons for the unloading.
Planning for four phases of the project to build an additional ng storage tank and accompanying engineering facility to increase the capacity of the gas supply by 30 per cent. Figure 10: Panorama of the Solng receiving station in the Central Petroleum River. The Tangshan receiving station in China is one of the first lang receiving stations to design, operate, build and operate independently of China's oil industry.
It is one of the reliable sources of air to secure gas in Kyoto, where the country currently has the largest storage capacity of ng and one of the largest natural gas peaks. 8 160,000 m3 storage tanks, an ng dedicated dock, 1.28 million m3 storage capacity, 42 million m/day maximum external capacity, and 900,000 m/year. The project was approved by the National Development Commission in October 2010 and the first issue in March 2011
Formal start of construction, which began in November 2013, with 3.5 million tons of design and disposal capacity; phase II, which began in November 2014, with 6.5 million tons of capacity; phase III, which began in March 2018, completed all construction work in December 2020, completed in May 2021, with the addition of 4 160,000 cubic metres of storage tanks, two of which were commissioned by the city of Beijing to construct, manage and operate the Tangshan lng receiving station;
The China-South Oil lng Reserve is the country’s first autonomous technology and small lng receiving station for domestic equipment. The project is located in Chiang Mai County, Hainan Province. The project started in March 2012 and was officially launched in November 2014, with a total of 20,000 cubic metres of storage tanks and a liquidity of about 270,000.
Ton, the docks can accommodate 1-4 million cubic metres of small ng transport vessels, with early planning for the construction of 80,000 cubic metres of lng cans in each of the following three phases. According to the National Development and Reform Commission, the subsequent expansion of the lang reserve in Hainan in the second phase will plan for the construction of an ng warehouse transit centre, the establishment of an ng insurance tax warehouse and the development of ng trans-shipment trade.
In addition to the three lng receiving stations mentioned above, Chinese oil is planning to build the Fujian lng receiving station. The project is located in Fuqing City, Fujian Province, where it is planned to take over 80,000 to 266,000 cubic metres of dedicated berths, accompanied by external pipelines, gasification, public works, and ancillary engineering facilities. The project is planned for December 2025.
Since the establishment of the new China, our gas pricing model has undergone changes in government pricing, double-track pricing, cost-added pricing, and net market-back pricing, moving gradually towards market-based pricing. Especially since 2015, it has been based on the idea of “breathing between the two sides” and on natural gas.
Downstream prices have been liberalized, and the process of marketing natural gas has been accelerating. The first stage: the new China was established in 1982 and under the planned economy, gas was priced uniformly by the state, upstream firms did not have autonomous pricing rights, and gas prices remained generally stable while the country’s prices were stable.
Second phase: Between 1982 and 2005, natural gas was used as a two-track pricing mechanism for planned monopolistic and market pricing. This phase was carried out on a dry basis for natural gas, which was distributed and priced uniformly by the State, while outside natural gas was sold and priced autonomously by the enterprise, but could not exceed the maximum price.
Phase III: phase III: phase-out of the two-track system from 2005 to 2011, with the introduction of cost plus pricing, with base gas prices determined by a weighted average of crude oil, liquefied petroleum gas and coal prices, and plant prices negotiated between the supply and demand sides, with 10 per cent and no limits on the basis of base prices. Phase IV: from 2011 to 2015, with net market return pricing, conversion of the model of bid management to door price management, with door price linkage
Alternative energy prices, with government-directed prices, on the basis of which both the supply and demand sides can agree on the price of the gate to the maximum price of the gate, in exchange for the price of the chain price, and phase V: gas marketization reforms accelerated from 2015 to the present, moving from the top gate price management to the benchmark through non-resident gas use.
A series of reform instruments, such as door price management, gas-to-non-resident gas-to-place alignment, monitoring of freight charges and the establishment of the National Management Network, have contributed to the process of marketing natural gas.
The effect of the natural gas market reform has been remarkable, and the price mechanism has gradually been streamlined, as the gas market reform has continued, and the price-contribution mechanism has been improving. Domestic gas demand has grown rapidly in 2017-2018, as a result of domestic policies such as “coal gas conversion.” There is a mismatch between domestic gas supply and demand, and market-based pricing of ng (Liquefied natural gas)
Prices went out of ten thousand dollars, and prices rose significantly in the center. However, the pipeline gas prices also rose, but because of the ceiling.