Upstream oil and gas production is growing steadily.
The continued decline in production and the limited marginal increase in the supply of crude oil in the United States, coupled with the gradual recovery of global demand for crude oil consumption, is expected to sustain international oil prices at a sustained medium-to-high level, while the company's exploration plates remain robust and the 1h23 company's expenditure on exploration and production capital amounted to $79,626 million.
This compares with an increase of 9.35 per cent in the same year, with oil and gas production of 893.8 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 5.78 per cent in the same year, the maintenance of oil prices for medium-high shocks and robust corporate oil and gas production, and greater certainty in the company ' s performance in the development of the plate.
The high domestic market for finished oils, which strongly supports the company’s future performance: 1h23 diesel fracking, which amounts to $1273,1020 per ton, an increase of 86.94 per cent and 72.02 per cent, respectively, while 1h23 produces 91.8 million tons of crude oil.
Keeping up a high-equity policy and a strong shareholder return on investment: the company's 1h23 cash shares, profit projections, valuations and ratings, we believe that the company can be partially uplifted in business indicators in the broader context of corporate reform.
The firm ' s core competitiveness will continue to be reflected in negative fluctuations in crude oil prices, and we (1) have not been as fast as expected in the production of oil and gas fields: (2) risk of liberalization of the prices of finished oils: (3) risk of low end demand: (4) effect of data error; (5) impact of overseas operations
1. The profitability of the pillar companies is expected to be higher, and future performance is determined; the demand for goods continues to be weak, and performance is expected to be higher through continuous reform; the corporate sales portfolio continues to maintain a stable profitability, with the Māori ratio of the 1h23 sales portfolio being 3 per cent, compared to the same ratio
In April 2023, Oec announced a voluntary reduction in crude oil production of approximately 1.15 million barrels per day. In June 2023, Oec+ Ministerial Conference.
Some African member countries experienced a reduction in production quotas by continuing the voluntary reduction of about 1.65 million barrels per day until the end of 2024, with the establishment of a new base production quota as of January 2024. In addition, Saudi Arabia introduced an additional 1 million barrels per day reduction in July 2023, independent of the voluntary reduction of OEC+, which has now been extended until the end of September 2023.
In February 2023, Russia announced a voluntary reduction of 500,000 barrels per day from March to the end of 2024. Moreover, 300,000 barrels per day of crude oil exports were reduced in the month.
Oil exports amounted to 4.13 million barrels per day, with a 12.31 per cent reduction in the ring, and the current level of Russian crude oil exports has declined significantly. Given the impending implementation of the Russian additional cutbacks in production and exports, there has been a certain drop in the supply of crude oil in Russia in 2023, or in the number of new United States boreholes and completed wells, but the relative decline in the number of wells completed has been more marked, with the number of wells in stock going to storage.
In addition, oil production from new wells in the permian region has been sustained for almost six months at about 1,055 barrels per day, oil prices have fallen and single-well production has not returned to the same level of activity as shale oil, to some extent proving that America’s core shale oil resources have fallen.
In addition, we counted the 2023 shale oil companies’ capital spending budget and production guidelines, and we found it clear that the trend was to end the global recovery from the 2022-2023 epidemic, with geo-stressed and high oil prices triggering the rise in oil prices.
In terms of energy security, the sample shale oil industry still has a modest increase in capital spending, 27% in 2022, 23% in 2023, but at the same time, the sample shale oil industry grew by only 4% and 4% in 2022 and 2023. We believe that the 2023 budget for capital expenditure has increased much faster than the 2023 crude oil production.
One of the key reasons for the same rate of growth is the high upstream development cost inflation. Being subject to high upstream development inflation, the physical volume of the United States shale oil mining has increased only marginally, and production will not be as high as expected.
In January-July 2023, the global consumption of crude oil and condensed oil was estimated at 82,627,000 barrels per day, an increase of 3.20 per cent over the same period.
1h23’s expenditure on exploration and production capital amounted to $79,626 million, an increase of 9.35 per cent over the same period. The company’s upstream production of oil and gas was significantly higher than in the domestic market for finished oil, with the apparent consumption of finished oils rising to a new high in recent years. The cumulative apparent consumption of petrol/diesel/ kerosene in January-July 2023 amounted to 84.88 million tons and 11,676 million tons and 19.06 million tons respectively, an increase of the same amount.
In the first half of 2023, the price of international crude oil was high, and at the beginning of the year, Brent's crude oil futures were valued at $80.68 per barrel. Domestic refining plates continued to be strong, and the price of finished oil cracks continued to be repaired, while the price of 1h23 diesel cracks was 1273.00 per ton, an increase of 86.94 per cent and 72.02 per cent, respectively, since July 2023.
While the oil module was supported by a smooth recovery in end demand, there was a significant increase in the sales of finished oil by 1h23, with petrol/diesel/coal oil sales of 38.475,000 tons, respectively, which led to a steady increase in the performance of the company ' s sales operations.
The company maintains a high-equity policy and has a strong shareholder return on its investments. The company’s 1h23 cash share is 38.484 billion yuan, and the dividends 1) production of the field is not as fast as expected: the oil and gas field is a long process from exploration to exploitation, in which delays in the production of the field may occur;
2) Risk of liberalization of the price of finished oils: If the price of finished oil is liberalized and converted to market pricing, there will be a risk of frequent fluctuations in the price of gasoline and diesel fuel, increased competition in the market, China petrochemicals and China’s monopoly position on the sale of finished oils) End demand risk: the company’s operating income comes mainly from the sale of finished oils and petrochemicals.
(iv) Triangular data error effects: triangular data include data such as satellite data and oil tanker positioning, including positioning errors directly related to satellite positioning, and system errors related to satellite signal transmission and reception;
5) Overseas risk: a company operating in a number of countries, subject to local political, legal and regulatory environmental impacts, which may present an unstable operating situation or be subject to tax, import and export restrictions; 6) exchange rate risk: global crude oil prices are predominantly denominated in United States dollars and companies also have some assets in overseas markets, but public
Divisional accounts are usually settled in the renminbi, if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there is a loss of value for corporate performance.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market