The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies (CEE) has a short-term performance burden, and its long-term growth capacity is still excellent.
The growth rate of instrument products has slowed, while the growth of new categories of goods, such as charge guns, has grown rapidly.
With the successful expansion of the product category, the growth of the led product is desirable, while the growth of the walled product is expected to be relatively robust.
3. " Core solid, deep-feed-to-grave group depth " . Higher raw material prices put pressure on the Māori rate at a moderate increase in the cost rate: 3q Māori ratio - 1.2 pct to 40.9 per cent, expected to result mainly from the re-emergence of the price of 3q raw materials, in addition to Led operations.
In terms of cost rates, the company ' s 3q plus major marketing cost investment supports the expansion of the new product, and the 3q sales rate is equal to +0.5 pct to 5.1%, so that the excellent brand image + strong channel layouts contribute to the expansion of the new product, and long-term growth is still expected:
In the short term, the depth of the company's sub-channels and the quality of its products, which are too hard, have gradually created an excellent brand image in the minds of a large number of consumers.
After the launch of the commercial channel, which quickly took over the top sales of Skycat + Kyoto, the new brand image of the three business plates is expected to support the company’s continued growth. In the medium and long term, the company is expected to be able to deliver successfully when the front brands and channel advantages, coupled with the backend advantages, remain strong.
Single products are opening up space for the transformation of firms that provide intelligent home-wide solutions and long-term growth. b End channels are not expanding well; new categories are not expanding well; prices of raw materials are rising significantly.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment