The beneficial military aircraft have been upgraded and the assets injected into the expected depth report for the Chinese flight electronics (600372), September 11th, 2019.
Company description: domestic taps. The company was a Chang River car, operating three times with capital (one asset swap, one share acquisition, one advanced acquisition) and currently the main business is air electronics.
In the first half of 2019, the Chinese military accelerated the upgrading of our aircraft and the rapid development of the air and electricity market. The air power system is equivalent to the "brain" of the aircraft.
September 10th, 2019 is the key to achieving greater operational capability and operational effectiveness in aviation defence. While the impact of an electronic aviation system on the overall physical performance of an aircraft is increasing, the cost of an electronic aviation system accounts for the total cost of an aircraft out of the plant.
30% of the period f-16c, up to 40-50% of the 1990s ef-2000 and f-22. Based on the Aeronautical Knowledge, the cost of f-35 has already reached 60%.
We still have a 30% ratio of combat aircraft as three generation combat aircraft. According to Air International, December ' s highest price (Worldairforce 2019), our combat aircraft include J-7, J-8-2 generation combat aircraft 561.
The minimum price in December was 34.5 per cent of the country ' s combat aircraft; there were 260, j-11/15su-27/30/35, or 391, or 651, or 40.1 per cent, of the three generations of combat aircraft.
As our third generation of combat aircraft matures, new types of fighter jets, 16, 10c, and five generations of stealth fighters, 20, are serving successively, and the next two generations of combat aircraft will gradually be decommissioned. The continued service of third generation combat aircraft has significantly increased the demand for the electrical system.
The value of the platform is high, and the asset injection is expected. The company hosts 14 business units of the company, including five key scientific institutes, which earn three times as much as Chinese electronics.
The transformation of the first manufacturing and operating military research institutes was completed in 2018, and in 2020 other manufacturing and military research institutes were largely completed. In addition, air power assets are better profitable than other categories of military and industrial assets, and injections will significantly increase the performance of companies on the market.
On January 4, the company announced that it would buy back its shares, buy back its investments. The company is our pilot, and as our military fleets accelerate their upgrading, the company will benefit. Moreover, the asset injection of the company is expected to increase the company’s performance significantly.
1. Company description: The national pilot, China Air Electronics, was listed by the China Air Industry Group II company, Jiangxichan River Motors Company (Chang River Bike), which was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2001. In 2009, the company completed its first asset exchange.
The production was reorganized and the vehicle manufacturing business was put in place to inject onboard electrical appliances (100 per cent) under the China-China Industrial Group (CIAG) and Lan Air (100 per cent).In 2011, the China-China industry continued to inject assets into the company, issuing shares in the acquisition of Lanzhou (100 per cent), Kishan Air (100 per cent), Bo-Seng's instrument (100 per cent), Tai Chi's instrument (100 per cent), Hua Yan's instrument (80 per cent) and Kai-Tian Electric (86.74 per cent).
In 2013, the company acquired Qing Yun's instrument (100 per cent), the long wind electronics (100 per cent) and the East Fon's instrument (100 per cent) under the banner of the China-China Industrial Group in cash. In 2014, the company began hosting the China-China Electronics Company, which has 19 scientific institutes, including PV (613), Thunderbolt (607), radio (615), self-control (618) and computer (631).
The company's main business is an aeronautical electronics system product, which has a more complete aeronautical electronics industry chain, complete product spectrometry, product spectrometry covering flight control systems, inertial navigation systems, flight posture systems, aircraft reference acquisition systems, atmospheric data systems, aviation lighting systems, control panel masters and modem systems, flight alert systems
Aviation electricity companies, such as integrated, power-driven and control systems, flight indicator instruments, electrical controls, sensors, sensitive components, etc., have three main operational orientations: defence electronics, civil aviation electronics, non-aeronautical products, and innovative models and development approaches to meet the demands of technological progress and the development of aviation defence equipment, civil aviation and civilian goods.
The current civil-military integration, coordination and sustainable development of the aviation electronics industry has gradually developed into a parent company directly owned by the national industry leading companies, China Aeronautical Science and Technology Industries Inc. (CACI), which has the ultimate control of the Chinese Aviation Industry Group (ACI) (the Uniting Actors account for about 75 per cent of the shares).
The net profit of the division's shareholders was $170 million, an increase of 14.42 per cent over the same period; the net profit of our shareholders in listed companies was $141 million.
Aeronautical electronics, the sum of all electronic systems on board an aircraft, consisting of a network of various on-board information-gathering equipment (sensor/data chain), information processing equipment, information management and display control equipment, and corresponding software.
Figure 7: Aerial electronic systems for military aircraft. Aerial electronics were born in the 1970s and developed in decades to date.
Four stages of development have been divided (in the 40s-50s), integrated (in the 60s-70), integrated (in the 80s-90) and advanced (after 2000).
• The system consists of many “independent” subsystems, each of which must be dependent on the operation (input) of the driver, who continuously receives information from the subsystems and maintains an understanding of the weapon system and the external posture, and the 50s fighter jets (f-100, f-101, etc.) have used typical separate structures.
Each equipment front end and processing part is independent, back end control of the information chain is integrated with the display part, and resources are shared.
For active aircraft, such as f-16c/d, f/a-18, f-15e, etc. • The United States Gemstone Cylinder Aerial Electronic System was typical of the 1980s, with a wider range of integrated signal processing and control/showing functions. The main feature of this generation of systems is that almost all signals and numbers can be accomplished with a small number of modules.
Target, terrain, and threat data can be integrated. This system was developed in the 1980’s and is now being used in the newest generation of aircraft, such as the United States’ f-22 complex.
• The U.S. Gemster Aerial Electronic System, which was developed in the 1990s, is typical of it. The system has achieved the integration of system processing functions (general processing modules, dynamic re-engineering) and, in turn, the integration of sensor functions and signal processing functions.
The scope of integration is also expanding. It includes previously relatively independent flight control, engine control, general-purpose equipment control, forming the concept of an aircraft management system.
In modern warfare, where air defence is the first combat weapon, and where electronic aviation systems are the key to enhancing the capability and effectiveness of air defence, the Generation Platform, Trans-Service Power has become the basic model for the development of air defence, and where new modes of combat, coordinated, distributed, non-contact warfare, etc., are largely dependent on shipping.
The development of space electronic systems, focusing on sensor integration, mission and cni integration, develops a new generation of systems, miniaturization, intelligence, integration of aviation electronic systems, and enhances the combined operational capabilities and global capabilities based on web-based information systems.
The continuous improvement in the structure of the system has led to a rapid increase in the level of the aviation electronic system, which has led to the upgrading of the military aircraft. The increasing impact of the electronic aviation system on the overall performance of the aircraft has been accompanied by a sharp increase in the cost of the electronic aviation system as a proportion of the total cost of the aircraft out of the plant: from 10% in the 1960s to 4% in 70 years.
21 per cent of the generation f-15c, 30 per cent of the mid-1980s f-16c, and 40-50 per cent of the 1990s ef-2000 and f-22.f-35 has already reached 60 per cent of the cost of electricity, according to the Aeronautical Knowledge.
There are 13,398 United States aircraft of all kinds, and 4078 Russian aircraft of all kinds. Of these, our combat planes, 125 special aircraft, 1,448 combat helicopters, 401 transport aircraft. We still have a 30% ratio of combat aircraft of three generations.
Fixed-wing aircraft equipped with an offensive weapons system, such as fighter bombers, snipers, strategic bombers. Of our combat aircraft, there are 561 of the J-7, J-8 and 2 generation combat aircraft, representing 34.5 per cent of our combat aircraft; and 3 generations of combat aircraft j-10, 260, j-11/15su-27/30/35, 391 of a total of 651 aircraft, representing the total number of combat aircraft operating in the country.
The ratio of combat aircraft is 40.1%, and the U.S. combat aircraft are basically three or more generations of combat aircraft, with four generations of combat aircraft, F-22178 and F35214. The second generation of combat aircraft is no longer suitable for modern warfare. As our third generation of combat aircraft matures, the new type of fighter jets, 16, 10c, and the fifth generation of invisible fighter jets, 20, are no longer suitable for modern warfare.
The next two generations of combat aircraft will gradually be decommissioned. The continued service of third generation combat aircraft will be significantly upgraded. In addition, the term “generation platform, trans-shipment power” means that an aircraft will normally live 20-30 years, but during the entire life cycle of the aircraft, key components, such as engines, navigational power, motor power, etc., will need to be replaced from 2 to 3 generations, which means that each aircraft will have to be replaced.
On average, the aircraft has 10 years to upgrade its air power systems. There is an active air power system. In-country air power development companies are mainly operated by the China-Industrial Group, which is responsible for military electricity products other than some of the on-board radars, on-board communications, etc., and by companies under the Chinese-Industrial Group, which is primarily responsible for on-board radar and communications.
3. Injection of assets is to be expected. In 2014, the company signed an equity hosting agreement with the aviation industry, which held its holdings in Chinese air traffic.