China's giant rock 2022h1 is growing at a high net profit rate, with a constant focus on the supply and demand of the industry and the proceeds from the sale of idle powder.
In terms of revenue in the second quarter alone, profits have declined over the years, but they are still growing at a moderate rate, and the operations of the main business have stabilized. The impact of the epidemic is more pronounced in the second quarter of the country, while exports have continued to flourish, making up for the long:
The triangle is an important market for fibres, the outbreak of the Shanghai epidemic in the second quarter of this year, and the more obvious impact on the demand for fibres. In the second quarter, the export of fibres continues to be a year high, and demand continues to grow. According to creative information, the export of fibres and products rose by 34.2 per cent in April and April, compared to last year, respectively.
40.0%, making up for domestic sales. Curve prices have been slightly adjusted, filamentary prices have stabilized, and attention has continued to be paid to the changes in supply and demand margins: according to Treasure, as of 8 July, the price of 5,400 tex, the main product of bras, 5,400 entangled in direct veils, was 5,600-6,000.
RMB/tonne, with the ring ratio largely flat, by 1.7 per cent lower than the previous year; the filament price began to bounce in mid-May and is now at RMB 9,600-9,800/tonne, with a 1.6 per cent increase in the supply end. According to the venture, five production lines were set on fire in the country during the second quarter of this year, with some pressure on the additional capacity to climb the slope;
The company’s business performance is in line with our expectations, and we have made small adjustments to our original profit projections. Prospective production is expected to exceed expectations, raw material costs rise, domestic epidemics repeat, and the demand for fibres drops.
"China Stone: q1's performance has risen steadily, the company's layout has been uphill, calcium raw materials, cold-repair techniques have changed to old production lines, and the competitive advantage has expanded" 2020426
China Stones: Year-round performance, Probity Industry high, expected to continue. 2020319 China Stones: q4 Non-Rocking Equal, Unrecurring Gains and Losses
Exceeding expectations 20220112