China Stone (600176).
China’s Great Stone is the premier global bobble industry, with a high corporate cost net profit of $4,206 million, an increase of 61.96 per cent over the previous year.
2.83 billion yuan, an increase of 12.64 per cent over the same period, and an increase of $1.05 per cent to achieve the goal: the external layout further enhances the competitiveness of the international market; the e-clothing energy release and the high growth in operating income driven by overseas operations.
The higher rate of revenue growth was mainly due to the release of electronic production capacity, and the product structure was changed considerably over the next three to six months. Key matters for the next three to six months are: good. The price of electronic veils is significantly higher than the price of bras, based on tracking the average price of electronic veils in the first half of 2022.
It is $10329 per ton, 1.64 times the price of the bra. So, in the case of a relatively stable price and sales of the bra, debt and cross-equity presentation:
At the same time, overseas demand has recovered since the second quarter, with overseas operating income rising by 65.31% over the same period, and operating income sustained high in the first half of the year, driven by electronic veils and overseas demand. Higher energy and raw materials prices have reduced profit growth.
The price of raw materials and supplements has risen rapidly to increase operating costs. The first half of the year saw a 12.64% increase in the same year as the net return to the mother, but a 4.49% decline in the second quarter.
The wind, as a better track for new energy development, has entered a fast self-development track, driving the demand for corporate wind veils. Corporate wind, as the world’s leader in the sale of wind veils, has a market share of up to 33%.
At the same time, with the release of electronic garnish energy, the company has a 1 billion square metres capacity, the world's number one, and the vast majority of electronic fabric products and products.
The development of the electronics sector has benefited significantly from the development of the main suppliers of the global cap-plate producers.
And $2.21, which corresponds to 8, 8, and 7 times the pe. Given the growth of the company’s wind power, thermoplastics, and electronic veils, product structure optimization leads to a new path of development and maintains a firm’s “very recommended” rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China's Great Stone (600176).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176), is looking at a new path to development under the optimized structure of the fibre-optic tap product.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.