China’s Great Stone q2 performance is high and productive capacity continues to be high for medium- and long-term space q2 company’s revenues, profits and profits are higher than the year-on-year round, and performance innovation is high: 119.1 in the first half of the year.
One billion yuan, or 39.1 per cent more in the same year; and a net return of 4.21 billion yuan, or 62.0 per cent more in the same year. In the second quarter, the volume of fibres sold was stable and the volume of electronic veils sold increased significantly: 2022h1 sold 1.07 million tons of fibres and products, roughly the same amount; and the sale of electronic fabrics, 327 million metres, or about 47.3 per cent more in the same year.
Of these, the company q2 sells 550,000 tons of bras, 212 million metres of electronics, each of which increases the length of the ring, which appears to be invaluable in the larger context of domestic demand affected by the epidemic in the second quarter. The production of fibre-optics continues to expand, with strong leadership: according to the company’s announcement, as of June 2022, the public had been able to use it.
At present, companies have more than 2.6 million tons of production capacity, the highest in the world. Companies still have more capacity-building plans, steady scale-up, and a strong vision of the long-term growth potential of the fibre-optic industry.
More supplies were added during the year and downstream needs were to be repaired: at the supply end, new fires and cold recovery capacity had reached production capacity in the second half of the year; at mid-July, the year had been set on fire, with 710,000 tons of fibre-optic capacity and high supply-side pressure; at the demand end, the macro-environment remained in place in the second half of the year.
There is a great deal of mismatch, price, and stock pressure between weak demand and rigid supply. China’s building materials company, Ltd., has an over-expected output capacity, higher costs of raw materials, recurrent domestic epidemics, and falling demand for fibres.
"China Stones: Low Cost, High Technology, Large Markets" World-class Provincial Dragons" 20220803 "China Stones: 2022h1 net profit growth, sustained closure
I. q2 company revenues and profits grew higher than the year-on-year round, with higher net performance gains of $2.37 billion, equal/ring changes of 54.5 per cent/29.1 per cent, improved cash flows of q2 company, cash flows for the sale of goods and services, 59.1 billion yuan, or 25.1 per cent, and net cash flows for business activities of $2.13 billion, or 59.3 per cent.
The sale of fibres was stable and the sale of electronic veils increased significantly: 2022h1 sold 1.07 million tons of fibre-clothing and products, almost equal to the previous year; the sale of electronic fabrics was 327 million metres, an increase of about 47.3 per cent compared to the previous year. Of these, the company q2 sold 550,000 tons of bra and 212 million metres of electronic fabric, each of which increased, making the ring more expensive in the second quarter of the year in an environment where domestic demand was affected by the epidemic, as evidenced by the company ' s presence in the products.
Structural, market, and customer advantages. Cost controls are well under way, with a higher decline in the Māori rate, mainly due to increases in other business income and costs: 2022q2 company cost rate of 8.9 per cent, higher income and cost; real Māori decline in the Provincial Business rate of about 2 pct, mainly due to a year-on-year decline in the price of electronic veils and raw materials
Cost increases impact. q2 net interest rate is 35.8%, an increase of 1.9 pct, a decline of 1.0 pcccc over the same year.
At the end of June 2022, the company announced that it had about 40% and 24% of the world’s markets. At present, it has more than 2.6 million tons of production capacity, the world’s largest.
In April, the announcement announced an investment of RMB680 million in cold-reflection of 120,000 tons of fibre-glass-cooled kilns per year, which will rise to 200,000 tons after the completion of the conversion. The production capacity of Provincial Dragons has been expanded and their dominance consolidated, and the concentration of the industry is expected to increase further.
The price of the braids has been rewinded considerably, the price of the electronic veil has been laid down, the demand has been warming, the macro-environment has become more complex, and the supply and demand balance of the industry has been under pressure: on the tip of the demand side, driven by the high price of the fibres and products, the month of 2021 was set on fire by the country’s masters, which will be released in July-August as a result of the build-up of the production capacity.
According to excellent information, the country’s exports in the first half of 2022 amounted to 10.78 million tons, an increase of about 40% in comparison with the previous year; the demand for fibres in areas such as infrastructure, wind power, and automobiles has not been fully released in the second quarter, as a result of an outbreak in the east of China. For the second half of the year, the domestic and external macro-environment remains complex and difficult, and there is a mismatch between weak demand and rigid supply, with high industrial pressure.
From a two-carbon perspective, markets such as wind power generation, new energy cars, and green energy-efficient building materials will continue to drive demand for the fibres, and the market prospects will be wide. The price of the veil is rewinded to a large extent, with the price of the electronic veil being set to the bottom: in late August 2022, the average price of the main product of the alkaline fibres was 2400tex.
4,800-5,100 yuan per ton, about 10 per cent lower than last month, about 14 per cent lower; the price of the electronic veil returned from 17,000 yuan per ton in 2021.
In 2022, all three smart electronics were set on fire on the company’s base, with 265,000 tons of electronic garnish, with the city taking the highest position in the country. According to the company’s performance report, the cost of the company’s electronic fabric varies by more than 30% from its peers, and the company can still make a profit when the price of the electronic fabric is set down this year; the company’s cold fixation of the old line can further reduce the cost and the cost.
Looking ahead next year, demand for the electronics sector is expected to warm, and there are no plans for new electronic fabrics in the industry to date. The supply and demand of electronics are expected to improve significantly, prices are expected to recover, and companies’ electronic fabric operations are more profitable.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)