China's Great Stone company issued a performance forecast, which is expected to achieve the same net profit for shareholders in listed companies in the first half of 2022.
China’s Great Stone is the global leader in the bobble industry, with companies having an excellent cost increase of 55-65% and net profit from withholding non-repatriation 10-20% per cent per annum.
In the first half of 2022, the higher net profit growth of mothers was mainly the result of a more competitive international market. The continuing down-led economy has affected domestic demand, affecting the volume of products sold by companies.
In 2022, high prices for energy and raw materials, such as natural gas, squeezed profit levels. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: product structure upgrades to optimize development trials. In 2022, the price of fibre optics was affected by supply and demand, and prices began to decline.
In the second quarter, the price fell from $6,200 per ton to $5,800 per ton. As a result of the company’s active development of high-end products such as the electronic veil business, the total price of the product was raised. 60,000 tons of electronic dress production were set on fire in March 2021, and 100,000 tons in May 2022.
Tens of thousands of tons of short cut lines are in operation, the company’s product structure is well optimized and upgraded, and the higher proportion of high-end products leads to higher prices. Optimized product structure leads to a drop in the company’s traditional downstream demand, more in the area of non-cyclical industries such as electrical and electronics, new energy and automobiles.
With the cost advantage of the size of a bobble tap, the offshore layout opens up a global track. The bobble industry, which is home to the industry, has a high concentration level, with more than 75% of the world’s cr6. The company, as a global cobblehead, has a global capacity ratio.
Nearly 40%, with significant scale, technology, and cost advantages. The company is actively positioning overseas markets on its own combined advantages, and Egypt’s 420,000-ton production line is expected to start production by the end of the year, bringing overseas production capacity to 490,000 tons.
Optimize the product structure and the overseas layout to optimize the development of the new track, and maintain the company’s “highly recommended” rating.
China Stone (600176): Upgraded product structure and optimized overseas layout for the development of the track, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): product structure upgrades and overseas layout optimizes the development of the track.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.