China Stones (600176.sh) mid-2022 reported: high profit levels are resilient, and the structure of the production energy product highlights the importance of building materials and glass fibres.
The performance was higher than the median forecast, and the asset disposal gains were higher. 2022h1 company realized an income of 11.91 billion yuan, compared to 39.1 per cent, a net profit of $4.21 billion from the mother, compared to 62.0 per cent, higher than the previous performance forecast of billions, compared to 14 per cent, and continued to generate higher revenues, benefiting mainly from lightly quantified automobile products, wind power and wind power.
The rise in demand, as well as the high demand in overseas markets, the continuation of a relatively high fibre, and the impact of higher prices for coarse products compared to other low-mori businesses, with a still relatively high Māori ratio of 45.5 per cent for bovine and products, compared to 3.3 pp, largely influenced by a sharp decline in the price of electronic fabric, have been actively adjusted by companies.
The energy and product structure partly reduces the pressure on energy and materials prices, and the overall cost of the product mix remains low. The cost rate for the period is 6.7%, compared to -3.3 pp, with sales/management/financial/research and development costs. The output layout is moving faster and the product structure is improving.
The advantages of the production and distribution of capacity are further highlighted by the fact that 1 150,000 tons of short-cut silk were produced each year, the production line was successfully set on fire by the end of May; 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 1                                                                                June
Tons and Great Stones have steadily advanced the construction of a production line of 120,000 tons per year, which is expected to be operational within 22 years. “China Stone (600176.sh)-q1 has a high level of re-innovation, which highlights the superiority of the Probarian Dragon Head.” China Stone (600176.sh) – a high level of re-innovation and a “inventive” of the Probarian Dragon Head.
Investment proposals: product “troika” relays have grown and tap advantages have continued to grow, maintaining “buy-in” China Stone 600176-2021 mid-point assessment: alpha resonance with Beta, long. China Stone 600176-2020: high performance and elasticity
Corporate efforts to build wind power, heat and electronic “troikas” continued to optimize the product structure, with a steady increase in the proportion of high-end products, while the advantages of the production-capability layout continued to grow and the cost advantages continued to grow. China Stone 600176-2020 reported a mid-point evaluation: negative growth in sales, promising performance
The competitive advantage of companies as the backbone of the bovine, production capacity and products, the advantage of accelerated uplifting enablers, continued to be highlighted, with higher performance than the median forecast and higher returns on asset disposal, taking into account the non-recurring profit and loss contribution of the first half of the year.
+39.1 +42.1 +62.0 % net profit attributable to the mother is higher than the median of the previous performance forecast (+55 % of the same year non-recurring gains and losses are attributable to disposal gains of $1.55 billion from the sale of precious metals. q2 Q2 returns of $6.78 billion in quarter, equal to -4.5 %.
Figure 2: China’s single-season operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: China’s single-season net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
The same ratio of -2.9 per cent, the electronic distribution of 328 million metres, the same ratio of 47.7 per cent, the yield of 9.3 billion yuan, the same ratio of 14 per cent, the continued high level of innovation, which has benefited mainly from the growth in demand for lightly quantified automobile products, wind power, etc., and the high demand in overseas markets, the continued relatively high volatility of the fibres, and the marked increase in the price of coarse products.
Regionally, domestic revenues of $5.20 billion, or 9.0 per cent, and overseas revenues of $4.59 billion, or +67.2 per cent, have declined significantly, but companies have actively adjusted their production capacity and product structure, partially reducing energy and material prices.
Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for new wood construction in the North (in %) Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for the single quarter of new wood construction in the North (in %) Figure 8: Māori rate and net interest rate for the single quarter of China (in %)
Figure 7: China ' s Maurice and Net Interest Rates (in %) Figure 9: China ' s Cost Rates (in %) for Stone Periods (in %) Figure 10: China ' s Cost Rates (in %) for Stones Single Quarterly Period
The project was built on schedule, the product structure was optimized, and the advantages of the distribution were further highlighted. 1) The giant stone was successfully lit up with 150,000 tonnes of short-cut silk production lines per year at the end of May; 2) the smart manufacturing base of the village headquarters produced 100,000 tons of tarpaulins and 300 million metres of electronic fabric per year.
The production line was set on fire successfully in June; 3) the construction of a 200,000-ton and 120,000-ton-carat production line in the four-year period of the Great Stone Quest Smart Manufacturing Base is progressing steadily, and is expected to be operational within 22 years. The product’s “troika” relay is growing, and the leader’s advantage continues to grow, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Building wind power, heat, electronic "tricycles" continues to optimize the product structure, with a steady increase in the proportion of medium- and high-end products, while the advantages of the output layout are highlighted, cost advantages continue to expand and cycle resistance continues to grow.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them