In 2022, China's Great Stone published its semi-annual report, which generated business income of 11,910 million yuan, an increase of 39.13 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 4,206 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 61.96 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the epidemic on many parts of the country, particularly the East China region, has led to a domestic bobble market camp, and I am grateful that Jaya Emong has not received the sum of $5,204 million from the 2022h1 company, mainland China, in the same period as in previous years.
In addition, the company’s non-current income from precious metals, such as gold, increased its performance further in the first half of the year. In the second half of the year, domestic market demand recovered as the epidemic was brought under control, and the external market’s boom continued.
Demand has remained high, and corporate sales and performance have shown room for further improvement. Coarse prices have turned back, long-term highs have remained unchanged, and the spread of the disease has slowed slightly in the first half of 2022, with sales of 2022h1 and products amounting to 10.702 million tons, compared to the same year.
2.88%. Benefiting from the rapid development of the wind and wind under the veil, light weighting of cars and other industries, the bruising continued, the price of the bruising remained high for the first half of the year and, according to the creative data, the average cost of the entrance of the 2022h1 mainstream factory entangled in the direct veil was $6157/tonne.
1.75% (106 yuan per ton). Recently, the price of the bra was set back, and as of August 19, mainstream manufacturers entangled 2400tex offers, with 150,000 tonnes of short-cut silk production at the end of the month.
Workload, release of additional coarse production capacity, to some extent, will fill the performance gap created by falling prices. In the long run, rapid developments in new applications such as wind power, new energy vehicles, etc.
In this context, the trend is still unchanged, waiting for the short-term climate to rise again. China's Stone (600176.sh): Coarseness continues and companies increase their profitability.
Billions of metres, 47.75% more than expected. Electronic fabric and electronics 20220322, company review report, continued to fall and search down at the end of May, and prices began to rise in early June, according to Zhuge.
At the end of May, the main manufacturer, the electronic veil (g75), at an average cost of 9,000 yuan per ton, was large, and the leader was further consolidated.
The price of the electronic veil rose back to $9450 per ton at the end of June, up by 5% from May, when the industry depth report was 2020314.
Construction materials industry _ spring 2022 investment strategy _ spring 2022
Release, there is room for further improvement in the company’s electronics performance in the second half of the year. 20220112 – company review report - China’s Great Stone (600176.sh): the volume price rises.
The company’s productive capacity continues to expand, with a steady increase in profitability in the second quarter of 2022, and further declines in the rates of sales/management/research and development/financial costs, respectively. The company followed up with the first phase of its smart manufacturing base at the Kishi River and the annual Egyptian production of the Great Stone.
The layout of 120,000 tons of fibreglass-cooled fuse production lines, which have grown in size as the company ' s productive capacity has grown, has given the company a stronger dominant position in terms of product supply capacity and pricing power, and has further consolidated the company ' s vanguard industry.
Structural adjustment increases the proportion of high- and medium-end products, and companies with high prospects for new downstream applications adapt their product structure in a timely manner to changing market demand, constantly increasing the proportion of products produced and sold with sophisticated, green and specialized products. To benefit from the impact of the "double carbon" policy, the certainty of demand in energy conservation and environmental protection will drive the addition of fibre-optic products.
Rapid penetration; accelerated expansion of the wind power industry is expected to generate greater demand for wind-share markets; a lightly quantitative trend in new energy vehicles has increased the prospects for short-finished front-shelf products. Investment is proposed as a leading business in the fibreglass industry, with clarity in terms of costs, size, technology, brands, etc.
With the increase in the penetration of fibre-optic products and the constant restructuring of the company’s product structure, the company’s business is more committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. The report clearly and accurately reflects its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
M.A. in Economics, Wuhan University. Worked in the construction materials industry since 2019, specializing in industry analysis and top-down selection of a share.