Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) based on the company performance forecast, the company is expected to realize a net return profit of 2,189 million yuan for the first quarter of 2022q2
We believe that the high rate of growth in the company ' s net return profits in the first half of 2022 has largely benefited from: (i) the firm ' s active adjustment of its product structure and output structure to the higher share of high-end fibre-optic products in light-quantified automobiles, wind power, etc.; and the combined sale price of the company ' s fibre-optic products has increased by the same year, as follows:
The basis for growth in corporate performance is laid. 2) The supply of fibre-optic enterprises abroad continues to shrink, supply is tight, and demand in various areas downstream has shifted to China ' s fibreglass and product suppliers; according to the Customs Data Masters platform, between January and May 2022, the cumulative value of fibre fibre rough exports increased by 99.82 per cent over the same period.
3) As the company ' s precious metal leak processing technology process continues to improve, the company continues to sell idle platinum, the demand market for the fabric is expected to recover rapidly in the second half of the year, and the demand for the 2022q2 fibre is more weak in the second quarter, on the one hand, owing to the disruptions caused by the epidemic.
The delay in the start of work in the field has slowed the pace of work on the terminal market in most regions, coupled with limited stage transport in some areas, high financial pressure on multi-end enterprises, which in part inhibits the release of end market demand in the first half of the year, and higher stocks of processed products in deep-plant plants, short-term for the fabric.
On the other hand, while there has been a slight increase in the number of new installed machines in the wind and power market in the first half of the year, the overall start of most of the wind and mainframe plants slowed down in the first half of the year due to high cost levels. Based on the current loading process and the year’s targets, an increase in wind and fibre orders is expected in the second half of the year.
As far as prices are concerned, supply has increased in the second quarter as part of the new production line has been set on fire, the braid price has been pressured, the electronic fabric supply has remained relatively tight, prices have gradually stabilized, and there is a trend towards warming, with the traditional boom in the second half of the year, and the price of the fibres is expected to remain resilient.
● The cold-renovation cycle begins, and the intelligent manufacturing-driven scale effect will be further enhanced. The cold-reflection cycle for the lactic line of the kiln is about 7-10 years, with a cold-repair period of about 6-12 months each.
From 2021 to the end of April 2022, the company announced that it had planned cold-renovation of five production lines at the base of the village, involving a capacity of about 350,000 tonnes/year, with a total investment of about 2,243 million yuan, which would increase to 520,000 tonnes/year after completion.
The cost of production is expected to be further reduced and the scale effect gradually released. The company is the world’s fibre-optic giant, with significant economies of scale in terms of output advantages and intelligent manufacturing; and, as the product structure of the company continues to optimize, the share of high-end products increases further, with new energy vehicles downstream,
The boom in wind, electronics, etc., will continue to give companies a boost to growth. We expect less than expected demand from the public and downstream; too fast risk from the release of fibre optics; high prices of raw materials and fuel; quarterly harvests and increases in company chart 1 (billions, %)
Figure 2 Quarterly net profit and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Quarterly Māori rate and net interest rate changes (%)
Figure 5 Quarterly rate changes for companies (%) The data and information used in the present report are presented independently and objectively using legally compliant information and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.