The firm's major asset restructuring in Silebon is proceeding in an orderly manner.
The company is the leader of the polyester fibres industry and currently has 2.3 million tonnes/year of differentiated chemical fibre production, with a differentiation rate of up to 90%, with more than 100 different product types, dominated by high-end dty silk products; and long silk upstreamization.
The company's major asset restructuring for Spartan petrochemicals is progressing in an orderly manner: the Spartan petrochemical mto device is mainly based on the use of the steroids.
Methanol is produced as a raw material, currently with a capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year, and is the country’s largest photovoltaic producer and is expanding its capacity by 250,000 tonnes/year for phase II. The number of photovoltaic machines has increased significantly from 2020 to 2025, and the demand for eva particles has fallen short.
The average price increased by 238% in the first half of the year. The company has the advantage of size, technology, and customer. In addition, Srbonne has the country's leading acrylene, methylacrylate, methylacetic ethylene and its derivatives, and the second phase of the new production is expected to start in 2022, with new materials such as abs and carbon fibres.
The Rainbow Smelting Integration Project will significantly increase corporate performance: the project is scheduled to be operational by the end of 2021.
For the third private refining integration project in China and China. One phase of refining capacity of 16 million tonnes/year, in addition to the finished oils, is the configuration of several chemicals downstream of ethylene and acrylic, with relatively little oil diversification, the product structure of which is the medium- and long-term development pattern of the petrochemical market and the need for a national strategy.
One of the bases, Jiang Su-yun, has the geographical advantage of the port and the China East Consuming Area. The existing business chain is well developed, maintaining differentiation and green ecological routes: with the release of new production capacity in the public sector in the first quarter of 2021, at present, 2.4 million tons of pta/year production capacity is using new technologies, energy consumption, acetic acid, etc.
The company’s polyester filament requires a theoretical production capacity of about 1.97 million tons/year, so that pta capacity is fully self-sufficient, free of need, and will still have a quantity of pta for sale. The company’s silting filament is now building a new capacity of 250,000 tons/year, and another 500,000 to 600,000 tons of regenerative long filamentation has been approved.
In the future, companies will continue to maintain the direction of differentiation and green ecology in the field of fumes. In addition to differentiation and functional silk, there are a large number of regenerative fibre products.
Using the market value of 22 October 2021 as the standard, Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. had a unique advantage, covering it for the first time, by giving the company an additional rating.
Chemicals: chemical fibres Less than expected for the refining integration project; high volatility in crude oil prices; policy risk resulting in production restrictions or (8621), 203285550
In August 2018, Jiangsu-Oriente Shengyung Ltd. (hereinafter “the company”) completed a reorganization to become a central listed subsidiary of the world’s 500-strong Corporate Rainbow Holdings Group Limited.
In 2003, the Rainbow Group entered a period of multifaceted development, starting with thermal power, fibre optics (leading the industry in the area of segmentation of functional fibres) and intensifying the printing of dyes. From 2009 to date, the Group has entered a period of upgrading, and industries have developed rapidly.
The pta project for petrochemicalization of the Rainbow Harbour was launched in 2018 under the flag of Jiangsu's Eastern Rainbow, which injected long-wire business and successfully re-listed the Eastern market, and now forms the structure of the “pta-polyester fibres” of the industrial chain. The group will now form an integrated vertical industrial chain of “oil refining-px-ethyl diol-pta-polyester-optics” as the rainbow refines 16 million tons of refined integration projects in late 2021.
The acquisition of shares in Shar State and the ongoing restructuring of the company’s major assets in Sharbang are proceeding in an orderly manner. The company’s main operations now include research and development, production and marketing of long wires for civilian washing, and the production and sale of pta, heat and electricity.
Polyester fibre optics mainly include the development, production and sale of long wires for civil detergents. The production of long wires for civilian detergents consists mainly of products such as dty, poy, and fdy, which are applied downstream in the areas of clothing, home and industrial textiles.
Benzodiacetic acid (pta) is primarily produced and sold by the Rainbow Group's secondary fully-owned subsidiary, Rainbow Harbour, which is now one of the main pta suppliers in the East China region, while providing a guaranteed supply of raw materials for the group polyester fibre-optics business plate.
Upstream px price fluctuations are more sensitive, and the profitability of the pta industry is significantly affected by the cost of purchasing px and operating production costs. The thermal power sector is run and managed mainly by the branch company, which has five generators, eight steam boilers, more than 120 kilometres of heating network pipes, 900 tons/hour heat production, 54,000 kilowatts of power generation, and relies on steam sales to supply the town.
Local textile and dye companies. Two 100,000 kilowatt-class cogeneration units are currently under construction, and the corresponding support facilities. As the project is based on natural gas, it is part of a clean energy project.
According to the CEP, the project is expected to produce about $92.5 billion per year in sales without taxes, with an average annual profit of $9.4 billion.
In addition to the major business described above, if the company has successfully restructured its major assets in Srbon petrochemicals, Srboro petrochemicals will also be an important part of the company. Srboro petrochemicals will operate a 2.4 million-ton/year olquido co-production project, based on methanol, for the production of acrylic, ethylene and derivative fine chemical products, including mainly ethylene acetylene co-acetic resins (eva), ethylene ethylene ethylene (eo), ethanolamine,
Non-ion surfactants, polyphosphate dehydrates monomer, acrylonitrile (an), methylpropylene (mma), butadiene, and high-sort water resins (sap), among others. Sorbonne petrochemicals formed a “College Advisory Committee” of 12 members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering, and established good cooperation with scientific institutes such as the Qinghua University, the Institute of petrochemical Studies of the Middle School, which was selected as the “National High Technology Enterprise” in 2017.
From a product point of view, dty products account for 32.71% of operating income, followed by pta, which accounts for 19.42% of operating income. Due to the high Māori ratio of company-owned dty silk, dty accounted for more than half of all products in the first half of 2021, and the subpoy and fdy Sāori ratio exceeded 10%.
Under pressure, profits are less than they would have been downstream. In 2020, Eastern Rainbows achieved business revenues of $22,777 billion, down from 2019, while gross profits declined even more, mainly as a result of the new crown epidemic.
As of the semi-annual report in 2021, the controlling shareholders in the company were Jiangsu Seonlong Technology Co. Ltd., with 57.26% of the company's shares. The inter-State controlling persons were Mu Hangen and Chu Hongmei, with 40.12% of the company's shares indirectly, and the company holding 64.19% of the listed company's shares in the company's controlling shareholders, Rainbow Technology and its consistent movement.
Srbon - New Materials Multi-product layout, technology leading the mto industry Methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons (methanoltoolefins, mto) is an important c1-c3 chemical process, which refers to methanol made of coal or natural gas
Raw materials, chemical technologies for the production of low-carbon hydrocarbons using fluid bed reaction forms similar to catalytic fission devices. Surbanmto devices and product structures are more complex than common mainstream mto and longer industrial chains: methanol is used primarily as raw materials, other raw materials include ethylene acetate, liquid ammonia, acetone and acetylate, and final products include acrylonitrine (an), ethylene acetylene condensate (eva),
Methane (mma), ethylene oxide (eo) and its derivatives, etc. According to financial data disclosed in the Eastern Rainbow and Daninization Science and Technology Bulletin, the business income of the former major product, Acrylate, fell from year to year, Methane earned less, and in 2017 two new major product lines, ethylene acetic acid, were expanded in Sile.
In the first quarter of 2021, the ratio was more than half.
Pdh devices use petroleum refining by-product propane to produce one of the raw materials required in Sile, achieving synergies between the projects, saving costs, and increasing profits. The cost advantage of using different processes to prepare polypropenepp profits for the production of c3 products can be seen in the pdh route.
The refinery ' s oil-propylene is also one of the common production routes, but it is difficult to calculate the cost of a single product because of the relative complexity of the refinery ' s chemical and oil structure. A simple rough comparison (assuming that crude oil consumes 1:1) has been made since the third quarter of this year alone.
In addition, crude oil prices have fluctuated since most of 2015 within the range of $40-80 per barrel, and the cost of refining oils has had some advantage over mto and cto for most of the time. The purchase of methanol outside of the Srbon mto installation is the main production route, whereas rainbow refining is the crude oil-based production route, in the middle.
An additional pdh device, using the resources of two major plates at minimal cost, has the advantage of synergizing and regulating. ethylene-ethylene ethylene ethylene ester co-polymerresin, known in English as ethylene-vinylacetetecolymerresin, is a confluence of the ethylene series.
One. The concentration of acetate ethyl (va) in eva is generally between 5% and 40% wt, and the molecular weight is generally between 10,000 and 300000. As can be seen from the chemical structure of eva, the ester content in the final polymer as a functionalally active group will increase and end up in viscosity and mechanical performance.
Figure 12.eva Chemical structure formula. From the production process, there are currently four main processes for the production of domestic and foreign eva products: high-pressure continuous body polymerization, middle-pressure suspended polymerization, solution polymerization, emulsion polymerization, strengths and weaknesses of each of the four, and most of our enterprises use high-pressure continuous-body polymerization processes to produce their products.
The high-pressure continuous body polymerization method can be divided into tubes and kryptonium based on the difference in the reactor used, investment in tube polymers low, low energy consumption, a one-way conversion rate of 25.35%, a wider molecular distribution of products, a smaller branch chain, a good optical approach, and a good processing of thin membranes. The current development is concentrated mainly on tube processes, and, in general, large-scale devices tend to use tubes.
A range conversion rate of 10-20 per cent, with a high product feeder chain and a better impact intensity, applies to the crowding out of coated resins, mainly for products with a high end or a higher va content.
Due to the introduction of va in the resins, which increases the bronchization of high molecular chains and reduces crystallization, there are good mechanical performance, optical performance, low temperature tolerance, non-toxic traits within a relatively wide temperature range. The methods of formation of eva have ranged from pneumaticization, sculpting, blowing, thermal formation, hair blowing, coating, heat sealing, welding, etc., and can be applied in a wide range of fields.
At present, there are six of the country ' s eva production enterprises, with the largest capacity of 300,000 tonnes/year of eva/ldpe devices in Jiangsusul State, which were manufactured in 2017; and the extension of ldpe/eva devices to the Central Coal-Zero Forest, which were driven in June 2021, may still require more time for the commissioning of the eva ' s production.
In 2016, the gross domestic product was 672,000 tonnes/year, in 2017 it reached 972,000 tonnes/year, in 2020 it was still 972,000 tonnes, in 2019, in 2019 it was 62.86 million tonnes/year, in 2019 it was 73.7 million tonnes/year, in 2020 it was 76.9 million tonnes/year, and in 2021 it is expected that the production of new productive capacity into the post-partum period will increase almost even more than double.
Capability, production, apparent consumption, and self-sufficiency are all on the rise, while import dependence is largely slowly declining, with external dependence at 60% in 2020eva, where there is still a large alternative to domestic production in the future. In 2020, the industries with the highest demand in downstreameva changed from bubbles to photo-film, reaching 38%, with the same share of bubbles and cables.
The demand in recent years has grown at a much faster rate than the demand for photovoltaics, and it is expected that the largest demand area in the future will continue to be photovoltaic. The demand for “carbon neutralization” to support photovoltaic terminals is growing faster.
At the Congress, it was stated that our country would reach a peak in carbon by 2030, that is, a peak in CO2 emissions, and then a gradual decline;
Out, CO2 emissions per unit of our gross domestic product (GDP) will decline by more than 65 per cent in 2030 over 2005, non-fossil energy as a share of primary energy consumption will reach about 25 per cent, forest accumulation will increase by 6 billion cubic metres over 2005, wind power, total solar power capacity and non-fosssil energy consumption will form the basis for the target, and the 1455 domestic photovoltaics are expected to grow rapidly: in 2014, they will be released by the State Department's office.
The Energy Development Strategy Action Plan (2014-2020) states that the share of our non-fossil energy in primary energy consumption will reach 15% by 2020. According to the National Statistical Office, our total energy consumption in 2019 was 4.86 billion tons of standard coal, of which the share of non-fossil energy consumption reached 15.3%, and the target has been met by one year.
The average annual load of our photovoltaic + wind power is expected to reach 130-160gw, of which 85-100gw is expected to be installed annually. Global “carbon decarbonization” targets are set, and the demand for photovoltaics is expected to grow more steadily and rapidly: now, as soon as possible, to achieve a global consensus on carbon neutrality, the United States has re-acceded to the Paris agreement with plans to invest $2 trillion in the areas of transport, construction and clean energy.
The European Commission has proposed that Europe take the lead in achieving carbon neutrality globally by 2050, with a medium-term goal of reducing emissions by at least 55% below 1990 levels. In October 2020, Japan’s Prime Minister Shin Yi Wai announced that Japan would achieve carbon neutrality by 2050.
As the world's major economies enter the “decarbonization” cycle, it is expected to maintain a steady growth in the volume of additional photovoltaics. Overall, we expect global demand for photovoltaics to be about 165gw, 220gw, 270gw in 2021-2023, or about 2533% at the same rate, and the film as the core of the photovoltaic component, where demand for particles is expected to grow.
The membrane is an important material for ensuring the life of the photovoltaic component: the general useful life of the photovoltaic component is 25-30 years, and core supporting materials such as glass, film, etc. are the main underpinnings for this indicator. Photovoltaic glass is generally used as a cover panel for the photovoltaic component, in direct contact with the outside environment, and indicators such as weather, intensity, permeability, etc. have a significant impact on the life and long-term efficiency of the photovoltaic component.
Organic high molecular resins such as eva, poe, which are in direct contact with the cells inside the components, cover both sides of the battery, act as a protective force against the battery, such as water and gas, anti-violet, and bind together with the upper glass, lower backboard (or glass) through vacuum pressure technology to construct photovoltaic-level evaporated particles with increased demand for light voltage: eva film as encapsulation material for the photovoltage assembly, its demand and its components are required
In order to be highly relevant, the demand for the film in the unit area component has been relatively stable, and in recent years the consumption of the film in the photovoltaic component has declined only slightly as a result of the unit area power increase. At the same time, the technical route of the photovoltaic film has been more stable, and the current technological upgrade (whiteeva film, poe/epe film) is present only within the existing product system, with no risk of subversive technological substitution in the short to medium term.
The expectation is that the demand for photovoltaic components will increase steadily. Given the relative stability of the elastic weight of the eva, and the cost savings associated with the poe membrane, the industry is now actually applying the three layers of eva/poe/eva together or the positive application of eva/poe/eva, the reverse should be dominated by the eva approach, and we expect the demand for luminous eva particles to grow steadily with the demand for the PV terminals.
In 2021 and 2022, the fastest growing demand for photovoltaics occurred. Although there are fewer producers in the industry today, one of the polyethylene products in the industry has actually been able to rapidly convert to chemical plants in the country.
In addition to the barriers to continuous production in the technologically high-va content of the eva, the bulk supply of the gyrofilm enterprises after production takes a certain period of time to validate. Thus, the market for PVs in 2021-2022 is expected to remain in a state of high demand.
Srbang, which is now the country’s leading producer of photovoltaics, already occupies the absolute technology and customer advantage of the photovoltaic market. Moreover, the competitive advantage of future companies with low-cost and abundant raw materials will continue to rise in tandem with the rainbow-smelling of large quantities of future ethylene output and the supply of ethylene from acetate as raw materials for the latter.
Acrylic acetylene, an important raw material in the upstream chemical product of other new materials, increased production capacity by 2,719,000 tons per year. In 2020, domestic production of acrylic acrylic acrylates increased by 3.47 per cent from 2019.
In 2021, 990,000 tons of capacity were still under construction, and if completed, the domestic capacity would have reached 370.9 million tonnes/year. In the last three years, it has grown faster and imports remained at around 310,000 tonnes in 2019 and 2020, with smaller and relatively stable exports. According to the FG, production growth in the next three years would have been around 91.58%.
The main growth in the downstream abs is expected to be significant in 2022. While overall demand growth is insufficient over the next three years, there are still supply and demand mismatches, with supply increasing at a slower pace in 2021 and a significant increase in acrylic profits, but with an annual increase of 29%, import supply accounting for 62% of demand, there is still much room for national production substitution.
The quality of the acetylene product has been recognized in the carbon fibre market, according to a public release from the Rainbow Group in its public number, and the current rainbow acrylic t/year will be the country’s largest producer of acrylic acrylate, along with carbide. The company’s supply of acrylic raw material comes from both the external purchase of methanol route and from large refining and pdh devices.
M-methyl-propyl ester - the industry's rapid growth in size has been rising steadily since 2017, and the apparent consumption of mma in our country has been increasing. Not only has production increased, but imports have also been increasing.
The production of mma reached 82.97 million tonnes, an increase of 22.90% over 2019, and the apparent consumption of 104.26 million tonnes in 2020, an increase over 2019, with the highest share of methylpropyl bromide downstream terminal applications in our country, accounting for about half of the demand. The second highest demand in the country was in the area of high molecular material support applications, which also accounted for 33%.
Molecular resin glue and special monoliths account for 16% and 5% of their demand, respectively.
Ethylene ethylene - complete industrial chain configuration - China's consumption of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene is concentrated mainly in the monomer sector, followed by non-ion surfactants and ethanolamine, based on Ryu.
Fossilization data for 2019, 52 per cent, 17 per cent and 12 per cent, respectively. Annual production of polymeric acid depressants was 11.36 million tons, an increase of 57 per cent from 723.5 million tons in 2017. The increase in polythermic acid depressants in 2019 was still increasing in comparison with the average annual increase of around 20 per cent in the period 2013-2017.
The construction needs to be carried out, and the three-generation water-reducing agent synthesis process is more environmentally friendly. As the polytheric acid reduction process, technology, and standard systems continue to develop, the builder, concrete company, will gradually fully accept the polythermic dehydrator product.
This has increased to 9.3 times in 2019, and now has become the dominant water dehydrator. In 2019, the country produced about 2.75 million tonnes per year of polymeric acid dehydrator monomer, with an accumulated annual consumption capacity of 1.9165 million tonnes of epoxy, mainly in the east, northeast and south China regions.
Tens of thousands of tons, the largest consumption area being solarization and textiles. There are still new production opportunities in the future, and demand is expected to grow. Tons, the market is relatively stable.
Since the 13th Five-Year Plan, the goal is to reduce excess capacity and phase out production.
Post-production capacity, with a focus on seven major petrochemical industry bases, has accelerated gradually into a transition from large-scale to large-scale production. Despite excess refining capacity, there are practically few integrated, scale-based installations, with millions of ton-scale refineries accounting for only about half of all refining capacity.
The current private major refining project, based mainly on the development of large polyester conglomerates, began to expand upstream from downstream polyester products, as it maximizes the output of aromatic and aromatic hydrocarbons in the design of installations, using hydrogenification, as much as possible the division of heavy groups into petrocephalus and light fractions to increase the output of chemical products, in addition to the paracetyl oil produced by the normal pressure-relief devices.
According to the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, the share of ethylene production in private enterprises in 2018 was only 9%, and with private refining items, the ratio of private px to private esters exceeded 50% for the first time in the year with the introduction of petrochemicals and helium petrochemicals. As can be seen, px is a major area of private large-scale refining support.
In addition to this, the end-products of major private refining are also over-ending and differentiated. In addition to the former polyester products, the downstream production of aromatics and aromatic hydrocarbons has also begun to plan high-value-added end-products such as engineering plastics, rubber products, and other fibre-optic products such as nylons.
Figure 35. Details of the seven major petrochemical bases, the chemical layout, the main products and characteristics of the rainbow.
According to the LSE announcement, there are virtually no traditional low-end polyethylene products in the final refining product, and other major products, apart from ethanol as a raw material for downstream silk, include eva and acetic ethylene, styrene, acetylene, mma, acetylate, buttylene, high molecular water-absorbent resins, etc., that are more relevant to Srpin products.
Synergy and co-generation of a rare fossilized base of c2 and c3 products. Key developments in the petrochemical industry during ethylene and its downstream market in China during the "145" period focused mainly on the integration of refined oil production, the optimization of the production of broths and the improvement of dibenzene.
(px) Import substitution capacity. Global production of ethylene, acrylic and px is concentrated in China over the next five years, with nearly half of the new ethylene, while the share of China in the new production of acrylic and px is 66% and 63%, respectively.
The import dependence of polyethylene is still high. While the production/consumption ratio is not low, the real average import of ethanol remained 53.8 per cent in 2020, mainly because of the low cost of importing ethanol for production, the loss of domestic coal ethanol at low oil prices, and the low rate of start-up in 2020.
According to analysis by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, world ethylene production capacity reached 195 million tons/year in 2020, requiring 167 million tons/year, while world ethylene capacity is projected to reach 236 million tons/year in 2025, requiring 203 million tons/year. The growth rate in production and demand for ethylene in 2020-2025 was around 4%. The ethylene industry in China has been the second largest producer in years and the largest consumer in terms of equivalent consumption in the world.
As an intermediate, ethylene is still the most important product downstream, with sub-ethylene, ethylene ethylene and styrene accounting for a certain share of demand. A large domestic gap remains in polyethylene and ethylene.
About 70%. The structure of the product may be fragmented. By 2025, it is expected that the main new production capacity for acrylic and dibenzene will come from China, but the US and other countries in Asia still have relatively high levels of ethylene production. There is still a significant gap in the overall market for acetylene hydrocarbons, and there is no private major refining and new production costs on average 20-40% less than conventional refineries, except for import substitution.
It may also be one of the new spaces in the future. According to estimates from the Middle East Refinery, the US firm Burked PIC has a five-year recovery period for investment in large refining devices with complex Nelson coefficients, consisting of refined oils, px, polyethylenes and polypropenes.
Polyethylene is also a polyethylene product as a polyethylene polymer, usually a class of high-molecular polymers, and one of the major products currently in Slymphoseva. The supply of low-end polyethylene products in China is not lacking, but what is really needed is high-end polyethylene products that are less mature in the country than the technical barriers are currently.
As can be seen from the product structure of the company, the goal is one of differentiated output, high technology content, higher value-added, more refined products, and the other of production from the top to the bottom of the whole industry chain.
On 15 May 2021, the company announced that, in order to fully realize the role of a platform for the scaling and integration of the refining of the industrial chain, to further enrich the product structure, increase the value added of the product and enhance the company ' s combined competitive power, it was expected to invest in the RMB 6.034 billion in the construction of posm and polyols for a period of three years.
This project is being implemented by the limited public division of Jiangsulong Wei Chemical (100% holding shares) under the company’s second-tier holding subsidiary, Shinjong Purification (Lingyun Harbour) Ltd. The project is located in the planned project for a new area of 22.39 hectares in the Rainbow Chemical Industries Park in the city of Xu Xu Xingang, Jiangsu Province.
The project is an additional package following the construction of the original refined integrated products, which include ethylbenzene (eb) 508,000 tonnes/year, epoxypropane/styrene (posm) 20/45 million/year, polyether polyol (ppg) 1125,000 tonnes/year and polymer polyol (pop) 25,000 tonnes/year, public utility works and production support facilities.
The new projects follow the same pattern as the company’s product structure, which builds on the raw materials and enriches the products of the former aromatic hydrocarbons and the water-degenerative industrial chain.
Figure 45. Rate of start-up in China Po Figure 46. Average cost of the industry Po and Māori Figure 47. Historical capacity of China ' s smstyrene
Figure 48. Production concentration at the Chinese smstyrene plant (in tons)  Effective capacity (tonnes/year) - Effective capacity ratio (right) The rate of start-up of epoxy propanepo in the country continued to be high, except for the first half of 2020, when the epidemic was severely affected
Styrene sm had a total domestic capacity of 1399 million tons in 2020, with the top five producers producing 33.08% of the country’s total capacity. Styrene also maintained a high rate of start-up, with the three different routes of Mäori largely consistent, and now more profitable.
With the introduction of new company capacity in the first quarter of 2021, a total of 3.9 million tonnes/year of which 2.4 million tonnes/year are currently available.
Technology, energy consumption, acetic acid, etc. are relatively low costs. The company’s polyester long wires require a theoretical production capacity of about 1.97 million tons/year, so pta production is already fully self-sufficient, free of need, and will still have a quantitative pta outlet. pta production has been increasing since the end of 2017.
As a reservoir, futures cutters have helped save up to 2 million tons of stocks in the form of warehouse receipts (2021, first quarter), but pta’s social stock has nearly doubled since the beginning of 2020. Under pressure from oversupply, pta’s processing price differential has been weak since the second half of 2020, reaching its lowest level in the first quarter of 2021.
In the first half of 2021, although new production was released, production in 2021 did not increase significantly from 2020, and supply and demand patterns improved. In addition, pta prices increased as oil prices continued to rise.
Figure 52. Pta price differentials, due to new, large and low-energy technologies and significant cost advantages over old devices, will continue to be a major focus of the market. Pta devices are more flexible in adjusting their parking loads to px each year.
In the first quarter of 2021, when the pta process price difference was below $400 per ton, not only did part of the old and small equipment stop and the load of the mainstream plant decreased. According to ccf, the current cash flow cost for mainstream technology is approximately $450-550 per ton, and the cost of older devices for earlier technology can be compared.
The cash flow cost of the latest technology is only about $300 per ton. So, as the supply continues to be overstretched and accumulated, it works well in the first quarter of the year, ensuring not only the supply of raw materials for the long-wire factory, but also reducing the cost of pta, adding to the pta plate a significant advantage of dissimilar filamentation.
Accompanied by the many years of research and development and operation, the company's many achievements in civil washing silk products, mastering a number of core technologies, such as superfiber, memory fibres, bio-based synthetic high-molecular fibres, fully dissipated molten body straight polyester fibres, solar ion super-fiber fibres, etc.
Through autonomous research and development, the company has successfully developed the world’s first professional production line, “Memory Fibres,” making it the world’s largest fully emptied series of multi-packed fibres suppliers, such as “silent complexes,” and the world’s largest ultra-fiber suppliers.
The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiaries, including its subsidiaries, Hakutoshi, Chuo-Type, Harbour Fibre, Seismological Organisms, are responsible for research and development, production and marketing related to the camping and management of long wires for civilian use.
The company’s 2.4 million tons of pta, renewable fibres, and other differentiated functional long-wire II projects began production in March 2021; the build-up of 250,000 tons of silhouette capacity is also in the construction phase. In conjunction with the completion and commissioning of the rainbow-smelting integration project, the integrated industrial chain of “oil refining -px/ethanol-pta-polyester-chemical fibres” will be gradually improved and will become the backbone of the business.
The subsidiaries’ projects were also approved by the respective regional government departments in 2020. As can be seen from the new build-up capacity of the company, companies will continue to maintain differences and green ecology in the future in the field of fumes.
In addition to heterogeneous and functional longlines, there are a large number of regenerative fibres. Regenerative fibres are those that are processed into green, with shredding, washing, decomposition, polymerization, particle making, molten silks, which are traceable, in line with the new global philosophy of environmental protection and resource conservation, and are highly international in scope.
In terms of distribution, Jiangsu and Zhejiang are currently the main producers of polyesters in the country, with a combined capacity of 4991 million tons by the end of 2020.
From 2018 to 2020, polyester production grew much faster than the production capacity of downstream-based munitions, and the cash flow profits of polyesters from 2018 are now largely back to historical highs.
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the price of raw materials fluctuated and the sale of high-end differentiated products has led to a significant decline in the Māori rate of rainbow-silent products. But, as can be seen from the Māori rate of 2019, the most distinctive and differentiated Dty product has a significantly higher Māori rate than that of other firms.
The raw materials required for silk can be fully self-sufficient, and Māori rates are expected to increase further in the future. Slavic valuation of Slavic II products will continue to be produced in 2022, and sales will remain broadly consistent.
The prices of raw materials, methanol and products will fall at varying degrees in 2022, and the cost rates, such as sales, administration, etc., will remain stable.
Figure 60. Comparable company valuation tables, based on industry analysis of Sharbang operations and products, we expect Sharbang to realize a net return profit in 2021-2023, with 200,000 tonnes of annual capacity currently under construction to be put into production in 2022, dominated by high-end product dty.
In 2023, the secondary fibre-optic production base for Cebuyang will be operational. The refining integration project will be operational by the end of 2021 and will gradually climb up in 2022, contributing to performance; profitability will remain at a similar level to comparable companies (speculized and stylized).
Crude oil prices and chemical prices fell in 2022, crude oil prices remained volatile in the range of $40-80 per barrel, and in 2022 the refinery ' s Māori rate was higher than in 2022, regardless of the state of Srpta industry, and the company was expected to return in 2021-2023 to the company ' s major refining project, where it had a unique advantage, covered for the first time, and rated the company on an incremental basis.
(b) Policy risks lead to production restrictions or demand being below expectations;
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)