Global gypsum faucet, waterproof coatings for two-wing operations to re-scalm (for the first time) New North material depth report (000786)
On April 30th, 2024, it was hard to make glossy gypsums and gypsums plus, to speed up the process of doing heavy waterproofing, coatings, to create an international market for emerging countries, and to accelerate the transition to integrated manufacturers and service providers of consumer building materials.
The world’s largest cardboard firm has a high-competitive moat. With leading technology, regional layouts, s0340513040001, the whole industry chain and scale effects, it brings higher pricing rights to companies, and competitive moats.
Acquisitions are in the water-proofing sector, the third largest in the industry. The company has been in the water-proofing business since 2019, becoming the only company in China’s defense water materials industry.
In the first three years of the industry, as a leading business, there will be better patterns of competition and opportunities for development.
Equity incentives set high growth targets, highlighting corporate growth confidence. The company's 2024 summary and investment proposals are measured. The company is the world's largest gypsum industry group, the domestic gypsum market, with over 60% market access, based on leading technology, regional layout advantages, whole industry chains, and regulations.
In the context of oligopolistic competition, the gypsum business contributes to the company’s profits base plate. At the same time, the gypsum application, driven by energy conservation and environmental protection, is promoted by increasing panel thickness, research and development of new products and market exploration.
By expanding the industrial chain to expand the “paste plus” new product category, it is to be expected that the cardboard business will increase steadily. Through a joint reorganization, the company is currently ranked third in the waterproof industry, and is the only firm in waterproof materials.
Enabling waterproof operations: access to more high-quality engineering projects, backed up by the vast resources and strong backgrounds of major shareholders; market share added to their own intensive network of marketing services; waterproof operations; further efficiency gains to achieve an increase in scale.
In the field of paint, the development strategy “Build up, Made Up” is clear, and the paint business will gradually grow into a new profit growth point. The company’s recently released equity incentive scheme is relatively demanding for performance over the next three years, highlighting management’s commitment to the “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy.
In the context of the restructuring and exploration of the real-estate market, faster growth expectations for companies are more expensive. Moreover, local governments’ bailout policies are not being implemented and effective, and the recovery of market sales in buildings is less than expected.
Industry demand has declined. Capital investment has increased at a lower rate than expected, resulting in lower demand for industry. Macroeconomic shifts have led to insufficient demand for construction materials.
The North New Group Building Materials Ltd. (NSG) is the world’s 500-strong China Construction Materials Group Green Building New Materials Industry Platform, which was established in 1979, and was listed at the deep-seated site in 1997. The three main operations for the construction of the North are cast panels, waterproof materials, paints, and has more than 120 industrial bases, including 3,358 million squares of gypsum production capacity.
Mee, the world’s largest gypsum industry group; water-proof business is the top three in the industry; and paint industry, Gabriel, is the top 50-year-old global repertoire, with the Chinese 100-year-old Lighthouse serving the big machine. The company has succeeded in building a global high-end, autonomous brand for the gypsum industry – the Dragon and Tarzan – and owns the "King of the King" at the same time.
A number of famous brands, such as the "Dreams" of sheep, are widely used in major engineering, landmark architecture and modern home life in the People's Hall, the Olympic Games, the World Expo Hall, etc. 90% of the buildings that received the National Award for Building Engineering have adopted the new North-based "Long Card" cast board system. The brand value of 2023 was broken for the first time by $10,537 billion.
In 2020, the company embarked on a “one-wing, global layout” development strategy, with the introduction of strong eugenic and gypsum +, the acceleration of heavy waterproofing, coating, the deployment of emerging international markets, the acceleration of the transition to integrated manufacturers and service providers of consumer building materials, and the promotion of four shifts: “work-to-home, city-to-county, base-to-face, product-to-service”.
The firm’s cardboard business has a strong competitive edge, with both-wing operations providing incremental space while accelerating the transition to consumer-type construction service providers, and sustained growth is expected.
According to the company ' s 2023 harvests, the cardboard and bone business accounted for 71.59 per cent of the company ' s overall revenues, contributing about 75.4 per cent to Māori; water-proof rolls and water-proofing works accounted for 14.42 per cent of the total, contributing 8.25 per cent to Māori; the ratio of coating operations to Māori was higher and more profitable in terms of Māori rates.
38.49%, an increase of 3.54% from last year; 18.7%, a slight decline of 0.24% from the previous year; waterproof rolls, a decline from previous years, mainly due to higher corporate income from new business, which is lower than traditional gypsum, and net interest rates. The gypsum rate is still trending upwards, down to the real estate market as a whole.
Figure 5: Net profits and net profits attributable to companies in recent years increased by % over the year. Figure 4: On the other hand, the company ' s overall asset-liability ratio has increased by % over the year, and net cash flows from operating activities have continued to be positive and have increased.
Roe levels are also high in the construction materials industry, and corporate overall profitability and financial security are good business models. By the end of 2023, the corporate asset-liability ratio was only 22.6%, a decrease of 2.4 percentage points from 2022;
The world's largest cardboard enterprise, with a highly competitive moat, has a development strategy of “one wing, global layout”. One is a combination of light steel hardcore, powder slurry, mine boards, magma, magma, gold State plates, etc., which is an extension of the cast board plus, Luban is all-embracing.
The housing assembly system builds a complete product technology solution. 3.1 The company's cardboard business competes with the moated river, which is a new type of wall building material made of additives and fibres, based mainly on the construction of casts.
Compared to traditional clay solid and hollow bricks, gypsum boards are light-quality, high-intensity, heat insulation, fire insulation, ease of construction, space saving, etc., and are now widely used in the interior walls of buildings such as office buildings, shops, hotels, industrial plants and residential buildings, wall covers, ceilings, soundboards, ground floor panels and various decorative panels.
According to the research and data of the China Building Materials Federation's Pathetic Building Section, by the end of 2023, the cardboard industry had a capacity of about 4,945 million m2. By the end of 2023, the semi-cut-off and even the basic cut-off were less competitive. The capacity of about 2.8 cm2 and the national effective capacity of 46.7 cm2. In 2023, the national cardboard production was 32.13 cm2.
By the end of 2023, the company's cardboard capacity stood at 3,358 million square metres, representing more than 70 per cent of the country's effective capacity, and its annual sales of 2,172 million square metres, accounting for approximately 67 per cent of the country's sales. As can be seen, the industry has an oligopoly pattern.
The main business is highly competitive, with the world’s largest light steel bone industry group. A reasonable transport radius of about 300-500 km for the gypsum, and the geographical characteristics of the gypsum production, which is concentrated mainly in the production of industrial by-products, is more pronounced because of the fact that the gypsum is currently produced as the main raw material for the gypsum.
The gypsum is closer to the large urban fire power plant in the market. The company has 74 production bases throughout the country, occupying the country’s main fire-power-generating gravity zone, rich in raw materials and close to the end-use market, reducing the cost of transporting raw materials and finished products and increasing the competitiveness of products.
Overall, with leading technology, regional layout advantages, whole-sector chains, and scale effects, companies have a higher pricing power and a competitive moat. There is still some scope for raising the need for corporate gypsums in terms of brands, quality, technology, size, and efficiency.
At the sectoral level, since 2005, a number of industrial policies, such as energy conservation in buildings and the development of environmentally friendly products, have contributed to the continued development of the domestic cast market. Although our market continues to grow, it still exists in relation to mature markets such as the United States, Europe, and even the world average.
At this stage in our country, the main consumer market (about 65% per cent) is in the area of commercial and public architectural decorations, and the application of cast plates in the residential sector is still in the advanced stage of development (about 35%). Approximately 70% of our plaster plates are concentrated in the field of ceilings and are less applied in the area of fences, compared to developed countries such as the United States and Japan.
About 80% of the use is for wall construction. Figure 8: The proportion of China's cast board applications will be wide-ranging in the wall area as the national green development strategy is implemented and the industry developed for assembly.
In the future, the introduction of the gypsum board from commercial and public building decorations to residential decorations, and the application of the stump to wall decorations, will contribute to a further increase in market demand for the gypsum. The country’s real-estate market is now in a period of steady growth, with new houses selling peaks or past, but the trading of second-hand houses will be gradually raised.
Renovation and renovation of second-hand houses continue to increase. Housing generally requires renovations for 10 to 20 years. As energy-efficient environmental awareness increases and consumer habits change, the proportion of use of gypsums will increase and a stable gypsum needs base plate will be created.
At the company level, through (1) active promotion of gypsum plate thickness, further enhancement of the fire-resistant, cut-off, etc. performance of the gypsum bone system. (2) Development of new gypsum products, expansion of the application of gypsum boards, enhancement of technical leadership, expansion of the technical system of products. 3) Increased communication and cooperation with design firms, and active exploration in the market segment.
On the other hand, by expanding the industry chain, expanding the new “paste plus” product category, increasing customer stickyness, passing through product combinations, optimizing profit and income “double growth” models. By creating a system, firms are transformed into integrated suppliers covering multiple product categories.
In terms of marketing and upgrading of channels, companies focus on the structural and end-brand capabilities of the assembly assembly, grinding the “workshop + chief” stereo-based marketing business model, and promoting a shift in “work-to-home, city-to-county, base material, product-to-service”.
On the whole, the submersion of the subdistrict market is enhanced by means of deep-cultivating service lines; the development and promotion of new and functional alternatives, the diversification of the product range, the distribution of specialized services and a breakdown of the market volume. The company's cardboard and cardboard-plus operations have increased steadily.
In 2019, the company began to acquire water protection companies such as goats, kings, Kimmys, and rainstorms, and became the only agricultural company in China’s defense water materials industry. The company’s water protection products cover five or more types of high-polymer-modified asphalt, waterproof rolls, high-molecular waterproof rolls, sticky waterproof rolls, waterproof paints, waterproof supplements, etc.
The product series, which has brands such as kings, goats, thumbs, lunar kings, Sets and Aotearoa, provides a one-stop system solution for clients and is widely applied to areas such as infrastructure construction, transport engineering, residential commercial property and industrial construction, forming a network of water-proof production bases and marketing services covering the entire country.
The only national institute for water-proofing in the North is the Suzhou Institute for Water-resistant Research, and in conjunction with the publicly listed water-resistant industry, a supply chain joint venture has been set up to take advantage of synergies to take over supply-chain and raw material-based heights and provide customers with products and services for higher-quality performance.
At the end of 2023, the company was able to produce 430 million square metres of waterproof materials (alkaned waterproof rolls) with a capacity of 44.65 per cent. In the future, a 1+n waterproof industry will be formed, and a “new” waterproof brand will be developed, while a net stand-alone product will be built in the professional market and business areas.
The National Development Reform Commission has revised and published a new version of the Product Restructuring Directory (2024 editions), which has been in operation since 1 February 2024.
The new industry guidelines and guidance catalogue, which create a new industry entry threshold, will help accelerate the withdrawal of low-quality anti-water materials and further increase the concentration of the water-resistant materials sector. The new North Water Protection Business, which is in the top three branches of industry, will lead to a better pattern of competition and opportunities for development.
In terms of industrial paint, the company has completed the acquisition of 100% of the Tianjin Lighthouse, and the lighthouse paint becomes a fully-owned subsidiary of the company. The lighthouse is in the future in aerospace, wind and wind.
On December 29, 2023, the company announced that it would receive 78.34% of Jean Gabriel’s shares. The company’s paint industry would be expanded through a joint reorganization.
The concentration of China’s paint industry is still quite different from that of its foreign counterparts. Companies are now setting up industrial paints, buildings, paints, and more environmentally friendly powder paints that match the future direction of the paint industry.
During the development process, new construction and restructuring were pursued to further enhance the growth and development of the paint business, with the 2025 goal of expanding the paint industry base to 20.
In December 2023, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme to award restricted shares to no more than 347 people, including company directors, senior managers, core cadres, and so on, for a total of no more than 12.9 million shares, representing some of the company's total equity.
Table 3: Corporate equity incentive performance assessment targets forecast that companies are the world’s largest gypsum industry group, with a domestic gypsum market of over 60%, with leading skills
In an oligarchic pattern of competition, the gypsum business contributes to the company’s profit base. At the same time, the gypsum application, driven by energy conservation and environmental protection, is promoted by increasing panel thickness to enhance performance, research and development of new products, and market exploration by segmenting the market.
The company is now in the third highest position in the water-proof industry, and is the only company in the field of water-resistant materials. It is empowered to do water-proof business through its own good business management capacity; it relies on the vast resources and power of large shareholders.
The context is conducive to obtaining more high-quality engineering projects; adding advantages to their own intensive network of marketing services to the market share; increasing the efficiency of water-proofing operations and achieving an increase in scale; and, in the area of paint, by acquiring Gabriel to fill up the fabric of the field, with a clear development strategy of “machining, working hard” and a new profit that will gradually grow in the area of paint.
The company’s recently released equity incentive scheme is relatively demanding in terms of performance over the next three years, highlighting management’s confidence in and determination to sustain growth under the “One Wing, Global Layout” strategy. With the housing market at the back of adjustment and bottom-up, faster growth expectations are more expensive.
(1) Real estate optimization policies have been put in place at a slower pace than expected, and “households are still mentioned as insufficient and ineffective local government rescues and market sales have recovered less than expected, resulting in lower demand in the sector. (2) Capital investment has increased less than expected, resulting in lower demand in the sector.
(3) A weak macroeconomic shift, resulting in insufficient demand for construction materials. (4) The expansion of the company’s two-wing operations and new products is lower than expected. ‘positive’ investors are reported to be suitable only for research that does not have a higher risk level than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.