Larger shares (600160) forecasted performance for the first quarter of 2025
Refrigerant prices have continued to rise, and the company’s profits have increased significantly in the first quarter of the year. The company’s performance in the first quarter of this year was significantly higher than in the previous quarter, mainly because of a sharp increase in the price of fluorinated refrigerants in core operations.
Production quota system for the s034018001 agent (hfcs), adequate digestion of production banks and social stocks in the previous year and strong downstream demand, further optimization of supply and demand patterns in the refrigerant market and sustained product prices
The average price of a company ' s refrigerant products increased by 58.08% in the first quarter of the year compared to the same period in the previous year, as did the price of its HFC refrigerants. However, the overall competition for non-refrigerant products was intense, with prices falling or rebounding at lower prices. Among the company ' s main raw materials, fluorine, hydrofluoride, methanol, etc.
Sulphur, glycerine, etc., have increased by the same amount and by a greater amount; the prices of other major outsourcing raw materials have continued to rise in the second quarter of the year and the industry has remained unchanged.
Roe(ttm) yuan/tonne, an increase of 14.42%. After the second quarter, when the prices of the air-conditioning companies for refrigerants landed, there was a stronger climate for the industry and the prices of refrigerants have continued to rise in recent days.
December minimum price ($) as at 9 April, the average market price for r22 was RMB 36,000/tonne, compared to +1.41 per cent last month and +9.09 per cent at the beginning of the year, compared to +56.52 per cent during the same period last year; the market price for r32 was RMB 48,000/tonne, compared to the previous month
Ad hoc exposure to fluctuations in demand; partial demand for refrigerant varieties less than expected; trade friction wind risks; export volumes less than expected; risk of deterioration of supply and demand patterns in the industry, etc. Note: “market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-stringed.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.