Megashares (600160): Refrigerant scenes up, reported reasons: Performance rating: event: megashares published annual 2024 and quarterly 2025 reports, companies achieved 24,462 million yuan in operating income in 2024.
Application of quotas for refrigerants, promotion of optimized supply and demand patterns and competitive patterns of refrigerants, improvement of demand in downstream sectors, return to reasonable niches in prices for refrigerant products, and rapid increases in corporate operating income and net interest rates for parentage. Refrigerant landscapes continued, refrigerant prices increased significantly, and companies are expected to benefit as global refrigerant taps: product prices
In 2024, company refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials, fluorinated industrial raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, food packaging, and the Ministry of Eco-Environment published a release of the 2025 quota, which continued to tighten and the company occupied three generations of refrigerant formulations. For refrigerant prices, as of 31 March 2025, refrigerants were available.
Downstream air-conditioning discharges increased on a year-to-year basis to support refrigerant demand: according to industry online data, 23.3 million air-conditioning units were produced in my country in May, representing an increase of 9.9 per cent in production performance compared to the same period last year, an increase of 14.1 per cent and 14.3 per cent, respectively, in June and July, of 125 items (36 items started during the year); including 4kt/atfe, 10kt/afep expansion projects, epoxy chlorpropane device technology modification, yes
Investments suggest that companies are the leader of the fluorinated industry, with significant advantages in size and industrial chain integration. Benefiting from three generations of refrigerant formulation.
Larged shares (600160): refrigerant prices up, company performance is expected to increase continuously.
Risks of urbanization; less demand than expected.
Chemical Holdings, Consolidation of the F-Prospecting Position of the Fluorine Industry - Appendix: Three Predictions of Statements, Use of Legally Conformity Data Information, Careful Presentation of Research Conclusions, Independent and Objective Presentation of this Report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.