Larger shares (600160.sh) Refrigerant prices continue to rise, with a significant increase in performance in the quarter.
Investments rating: better than the big market (maintenance) Company announcement: 8 April 2025, company ' s first quarter performance advance announcement, Main business data January-March 2025
The stock exchange system of the Shanghai Stock Exchange increased its shares by 2.192 million shares, accounting for 0.08 per cent of the total shares issued by the company, and the combined share of the mega-investment of the mega-group and its co-actors increased from 53.43 per cent to 53.51 per cent. Subsequent mega-investments will continue to increase over the next three months.
The company’s profits have increased steadily, and (2) non-refrigerant chemical products, such as fluorinated polymers, have generally shown a “weak supply and demand” pattern, with East confidence in the company’s future long-term development in 2025.
In terms of industry patterns, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will directly benefit from a long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerant. In terms of the fluorine chemical and fluorine industry, as the living standards of our people continue to improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorine industry is growing with its unique performance, application and market space, and demand is growing steadily.
Development of advanced chemical materials, high-end extension of industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structures and product structures, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position. Since 2024, the prices of company refrigerant products have been rising, leading to higher corporate profits, taking into account that the price of refrigerants will continue to rise in 2025, corresponding to the increase in the Māori rate of refrigerant plates.
On 8 April 2025, the company issued the “Advanced performance notice for the first quarter of 2025” and the “Main Business Data Bulletin” for January-March 2025. According to the company’s bulletin, preliminary estimates by the finance sector indicate that in the first quarter of 2025, the company is expected to realize a return net profit of $760-840 million, corresponding to the increase in the gas cycle.
49.7 per cent of q1, which positively influenced the company ' s profits, figure 1: mega-equity refrigerant sales (tonnes) and ring ratio changes (right axis) figure 2: mega-equity refrigerant average (mg/tonne) and ring ratio changes (right axis)
In 2024, non-refrigerant chemical products, such as fluoropolymer, showed an overall “weak demand-and-supply” pattern, with limited new industrial capacity in 2025, and the four major fluoropolymer varieties of ptfe, pvdf, faep, fkm, which have been growing continuously on the supply side over the last two years, with demand increasing at a rate less than supply, with an imbalance. As a result, fluoropolymer sales by companies in 2024 have been increasing on a seasonal basis, but selling prices have been rising on a seasonal basis, benefiting the company in terms of revenues and profits.
In 2025, the industry as a whole reached the end of its expansion cycle, product prices recovered steadily in the context of the rise in raw materials, and, as of 7 April 2025, according to the fluorine online, the ptfe market was operating steadily, the market supply and demand were adjusted by firms for higher costs, the market was stable in the short term, the market as a whole was developing well, and the demand for new areas such as fresh storage batteries and dry poles was gradually rising.
The price of the active particles is currently between $390 and 42,000 per ton, the price of the fine powder is between $44,000 and 47,000 per ton, the price of the spread tree is $40 and 43,000 per ton, and the price of the spread emulsion is between $30 and 31,000 per ton. The pvdf market has been adjusted and is running steadily, and the market has fluctuated owing to the rise in raw materials, the interest in the paint-level market has increased, and the fields of lithium electricity, photovoltaic, etc., have been subject to intense corporate competition and downstream cuts.
As a whole, the price of lithium-grade markets is around RMB 50-55 million per ton, the level of paints is 5.55-65 million per ton, which is less than expected in real terms, and the capacity of paint-demand markets to release limited price increases is significant. The market is stimulated by factors such as the rise in raw materials and shortages of supplies, which have recently caused price volatility as part of the enterprise installation overhaul, production contraction, short-term mismatches between supply and demand, and the market.
Prices are fined up. The current price of the squeezed material price has been raised to RMB 5.0-5.11 million, and the high end of the matrix has reached RMB 64,000-67,000. Overall, apart from the short-term cost drivers in the fap, most polymer material products are still in the supply-demand phase, with substantial price breakthroughs awaiting end demand. Figure 3: Distribution of fluorinated polymers and changes in the ring ratio of megastocks (right axis)
Figure 4: Changes in fluorinated polymer prices and ring ratios (right axis) in mega-equity shares, according to the company ' s announcement of 8 April 2025 on the first increase in shareholders ' holdings and plans to increase their holdings, the conglomerates invested in a massive increase of their shares of 2.192 million through the Shanghai Stock Exchange Securities Trading System on 8 April 2025.
Shares, which account for 0.08% of the total shares issued by the company, have increased from 53.43% of the total shares held by the Giant Group and its co-activists, to show confidence in the company’s long-term development by the company’s controlling shareholders.
As at 8 April, the price difference of r32 was $47,500/t32110/t, compared to +7/+12 per cent at the beginning of March; r22, yuan/tonne, compared to +1 per cent/+2 per cent at the beginning of March; r134a, respectively, was +46,500/t$29931/t, compared to +3 per cent/+1 pert at the beginning of March; RMB/t$33792/t, compared to + 5 per cent/+4 per cent at the beginning of March.
Figure 7: Prices and price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r125 (mb/t) Figure 8: Prices and price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r134a (mb/t) Figure 10: Monthly export volumes of r22 and average export prices (right axis)
Figure 11: R32 monthly export volumes and export averages (right axis) Figure 12: r125 monthly export volume and export averages (right axis) Figure 13: r134a monthly export volume and export averages (right axis)
The company, as the leader of the fluorine industry, is well-structured, cost-effective, and financially healthy. From the pattern of the fluorine industry, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly from the long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerant. From the fluorine chemical and fluorine materials industry, as living standards improve and strategic emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorine product has its unique properties, fields of application and markets.
In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to expand its CFC-advanced chemical materials over the years, develop high-end extension of the industry chain, increase synergies in the multi-chemical industry, continue to optimize the industrial structure and product structure, core competitive capacity, weak demand for the fluorine industry, less than expected progress in project delivery, and significantly lower product prices.
Megashares (600160.sh) - Continuous development of e-fluorinated fluids, continued upscaling of refrigerant prices — 2025-01-09 author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future