Significant growth in performance, with companies continuing to benefit from increased refrigerant climate, a mega-equity (600160.sh) incident assessment report, mega-equity release of 2024 performance report: total revenue for the year 2024
23,462 million yuan, corresponding to +18.43 per cent; increase in production and sales of 1.96 billion tons of major products resulting in robust performance
Prices have increased. In terms of revenue structure, the three main sectors of refrigerants, petrochemical materials, and basic chemical products have continued to make a significant contribution, with production and distribution of refrigerants, i.e. 3,0402 tons of chemical products and other products, an increase of 12.90 per cent over the same period.
Lower cost of sales, mainly due to lower cost of lease, lower cost of company sales/management/financial/research and development fees in 2024 due mainly to lower cost of lease; higher management cost due mainly to combined flight
The increase in financial costs is mainly due to the increase in the size of the financing. 1, Giant Shares (600160): Fluorinated Industries Speeding New Projects to Work, Shaping Global Hfcs Quotas,
The company takes full advantage of its domestic quota and continues to strengthen the fragrance of its bases in the United Arab Emirates.
Significant growth in performance, taking into account refrigerant landscape management, acceleration of new project implementation, active campaigning for hfcs quotas, advancements 2024-07-10
In 2024, the company completed the flight-source chemical-equity acquisition process, integrating its annual output of 80,000 tons of hfcs production, and building its future core competitiveness.
and accompanying packaging facilities, incorporating and adding capacity of 120,000 tonnes of hydrogen fluorine, 300,000 tonnes of sulphur l, 2024-06-28 Acid, 100,000 tonnes of glycerine and 100,000 tonnes of epoxy chlorpropane
R113a, trifluoroacetic acid, ammonium fluoride, trifluoroacetyl chloride, trifluoroethanol, sulphuryl chloride and other fine chemical products, with significant upgrading of fluorinated refrigerants and fluorinated fine chemicals, while the company produces 85.7 kilotons of organic alcohol per year and contributes to the production of organic alcohol.
With continuous technological improvements, the Department has effectively reduced product consumption, improved product quality, and increased overall competitiveness.
By adjusting the company ' s profit projections, the company ' s net return profits for 2025-2027 are projected at the risk of downstream demand fluctuations; the risk of falling product prices; the risk of rising raw materials prices; and the risk of new construction projects falling short of expectations, respectively.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.