Magnificent shares (600160) 2024 & 2025q1 performance rating: refrigerant dividend period has come, taps. Refrigerant landscape continues to rise, non-fluorinated operations bottom: 2024, 3-generation HFC refrigerant officially entering quota control period.
There has been a fundamental reversal in supply and demand patterns, with a further rise in the climate in the 2025q1 sector. Giant shares continue to improve market concentration and internal pooling management capabilities, creating an absolute competitive advantage and leading the industry price system; non-fluorinated refrigerant operations in 2024 are synchronized with the industry, with a “weak supply and demand” ratio between the prices of fluorine polymers, food packaging materials, and basic chemical products.
(b) Refrigerant performance was prominent in 24 years, with a 25-year continuity: the refrigerant business achieved revenue of $9,447 million in 2024, while prices of the main raw materials remained almost stable, except for a slight rise in fluorescent stones.
This led to a significant increase in profitability, offset by a decline in the Māori rate of some non-fluorinated refrigerant operations, combined with an increase in the contribution of some non-fluorinated refrigerant operations in 2024: $4.028 billion (+45.74 per cent) in operating income from petrochemical materials in 2024, 52.21 million tons (+45.70 per cent) in export of petrochemical materials and $292 million gross profit (+124 per cent), mainly in the reporting period
Inner company 85.7kt/a organic ethanol production and M&A acquisition of 100,000 tons of epoxy chlorpropane production capacity, while Wang Yongjie 10,000 ton (43.80 per cent) has a gross profit of 48 million yuan (+391 per cent), mainly from company mergers and acquisitions of flyer chemicals during the reporting period
This led to a significant increase in sales, but a significant decrease in average prices. Currently, the company has completed a 1,000-ton phase of cooling fluid production of 5,000 tons, and has performed well during the reporting period.
As a result, there has been a significant change in goodwill, mainly due to the company ' s M & A acquisition of fly-source chemicals. In 2025q1, the increase in accounts receivable was higher than the increase in S.A.S.S.A., which we assume is the result of a higher increase in orders from the Association of the President of the Company; and a higher increase in construction work in progress, mainly through the active organization of the company.
Non-fluorinated refrigerant operations; Reversely copying new CFC materials: In recent years, plates such as fluorine polymers have continued to be low and have a poor climate, and corporate reversibility New CFC materials operations are to be co-financed with mega-groups to recapitalize and implement a combination of new high-performance CFC materials
With the completion of the replenishment project, the share share of the company will reach 70% and will be included in the corporate consolidated statements. Gansu will use the replenishment to build an annual production of 35,000 tonnes of tetrafluoropropylene (r 1234yf), 30,000 tonnes of polyfluoroethylene (ptfe), 10,000 tonnes per year of polyfluoroethylene (fep) devices and 900,000 tonnes of ion membranes per year, and 460,000 tonnes of 1 chlorine per year.
A set of devices such as an alkanes, an annual production of 420,000 tonnes of methane chloride, an annual production of 400,000 tonnes of calcium chloride and an annual production of 198,000 tonnes of CFC-22, taking advantage of local policies, energy and resource advantages, building counter-cyclically the capacity of the fluorinated industry, taking advantage of the strategic objectives of participating in a global-class fluorinated industry, and building a world-class supplier of new chemical materials;
The two-quarter basis is laid: according to the fluorine online report, the second-quarter R32 is worth 466 thousand tonnes (the ring rise is about 6000 tonnes), and we believe that the significant increase in the price is the result of a convergence of views on the refrigerant landscape upstream and downstream of the industrial chain. As of April 28, the latest offer for refrigerant R32 was 47-48 million yuan.
(b) Investment proposals: refrigerants have low-value but irreplaceable characteristics, and the year 2025 was gold on refrigerant performance.
During the period, as the quota system becomes popular, the price of refrigerants is gradually accepted up and down in the industrial chain. The company, as the head of the industry ' s refrigerant enterprise, has a strong bargaining power and an industrial appeal, and will therefore fully enjoy the opportunities offered by the increase in refrigerants, the Māori rate and the net interest rate for sales in figure 2.
The new materials team for China-China securities: specializes in new materials and macrocycle studies, drawing on the strong industrial background of the China-China industry group, focusing on new aviation materials and gradually expanding to new energy materials, light-quantified materials, etc., to form a track-type industry chain coverage and tracking, focusing on integration, and creating a level-II market synergy at the operational level. In the alternative, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.