Magnificent shares (600160.sh) Rapid growth in 2024, rising prices of refrigerants, basic chemicals and chemicals
In the evening of 24, the company published its 2024 annual report. The announcement showed that in 2024, the company achieved operating income of $24,462 million, an increase of 18.43 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was $1,960 million, an increase in the same year.
Refrigerant moves into a long-term climate cycle, and the price of the company ' s refrigerant plate rises. The company sold 35.3 million tons of refrigerants throughout 2024, an increase of 22.61 per cent over the same period; the company achieved a quarterly average price for the sale of refrigerants.
The average price of refrigerants is $29.4 million. As the price of refrigerant products recovers, the company ' s refrigerant operations have been significantly reduced in the second-generation refrigerant quota on a year-on-year basis, of which r22 production quotas have been reduced by 18% and r142b production has been allocated to the long-term climate cycle. The company ' s business income for refrigerant varieties and the Māori rate for products are expected to increase continuously.
In 2024, non-refrigerant chemical products, such as fluoropolymers, showed an overall “weak demand and supply” pattern, with limited new production capacity and stable product prices in 2025. Four major fluoropolymer varieties, ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, have been growing continuously at the supply end for the last two years, and demand has not increased at the same rate as supply growth.
As a result, the sale of fluorinated polymers by companies in 2024, while increasing on a quarterly basis, went down the season and contributed only marginally to the company’s income and profits. In 2025, the industry as a whole reached the end of its expansion cycle, and the prices of its products recovered steadily in the context of rising raw materials, and it is expected that the demand will rise as the demand rises.
Megashares (600160.sh) - Prices of refrigerants continue to rise, and supply and demand patterns in industries are expected to optimize during the quarter.
Larged Shares (600160.sh) - The Association of Refrigerants and Increased Export Prices, Company IV Investment Proposal: The Company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a well-structured industrial chain, with significant cost and co-optimal advantages.
For refrigerants, the company ' s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and directly benefits from the long-term landscape of refrigerants.
In terms of the company’s own endogenous benefits, it has continued to add advanced chemical materials to HCP, high-end extension of the industrial chain, multi-chemical industry convergence and synergies, industrial structure, product structure optimization, core competitiveness and competitive position over the years.
This represents an increase of 18.43% in the same year; a net return of $1.960 billion, or 107.69% in the same year; and a net return of $1.903 billion, or 131.2% in the same year. The increase in net return of companies is mainly related to the increase in the volume and prices of the Department’s refrigerant products, leading to an increase in the income of the main business and the Māori rate of the product.
Figure 2: Business income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in single season in mega-stocks, Figure 6: Changes in cost rates of mega-stocks, Figure 7: Income structure of mega-equity portfolios (millions)
Figure 8: Gross profit structure of megashare blocks (millions of dollars) Refrigerant moves into a long-term climate cycle and the price of the company ' s refrigerant plates rises. The average annual price of the company ' s refrigerant sales was 26.8 million yuan in 2024, an increase of 32.69 per cent over the same year, with the average price of refrigerants in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Twenty-four thousand dollars. As the price of refrigerant products recovered, the company’s refrigerant business had a positive impact on the company’s main business structure and profitability. In 2025, the second-generation refrigerant quota was significantly reduced, with a quota system, high downstream demand and a long-term winding-up cycle. The company’s refrigerant varieties were expected to operate.
The industry’s new production capacity is limited and prices are stable. The four main fluorinated polymers, ptfe, pvdf, fep, fkm, have been growing steadily at the supply end over the last two years, and demand has not grown at the same rate as supply.
As a result, the sale of fluorinated polymers by companies in 2024 increased on a quarterly basis, but the sale price went down on a seasonal basis, making a limited contribution to the company’s income and profits. In 2025, the industry’s overall expansion cycle ended with a steady recovery in product prices in the face of rising raw materials, and it is expected that the industry’s supply and demand pattern will continue to optimize as demand rises.
As of April 24, 2025, according to fluorine online, the ptfe market is operating steadily, firms are stable in the short term as a result of price increases, the market as a whole is developing well, the demand for new areas such as batteries and dry electrodes is being built up, and businesses are becoming more motivated to start working.
Prices ranged from RMB 39,000 to 42,000 per ton, price of suspended fine powders from RMB 44,000 to 47,000 per ton, price of dispersed resin from RMB 40 to 43,000 per ton, price of distributed milk from RMB 30 to 31,000 per ton. Pvdf followed the market well and supply and demand performance stabilized. Prices of paint-grade products were pushed up during the previous period due to the increase in the cost of raw materials, market short-term tabulations
Real transactions are weak than market expectations, and the manufacturing capacity of the paint demand market releases a limited increase in prices. The market is stimulated by factors such as the rise in raw materials and the shortage of supplies, which have recently reached $64,000-67,000 per ton for high-end moldings due to some of the plant repairs, production, etc.
Most polymer material products are still at the stage of demand and supply games, with substantial price breakthroughs waiting for the terminal Investment proposal: to maintain profit forecasts and a "better than the big market" rating. Companies as the champions of fluorinated industries, have a good chain layout, cost and a strong mix of advantages, and a healthy financial structure.
The company’s refrigerant quota is the first in the country and will benefit directly from a long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerant. From the fluorine chemical and fluorine materials industry, the demand for fluorine products has grown steadily, with its unique performance, application areas and market space, as the living standards of the country’s people have improved and the strategic and emerging industries have expanded rapidly.
Long. In terms of the company ' s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to expand the development of advanced chemical materials for CFCs over the years, the high-end extension of the industrial chain, the increased synergy of the multi-chemical industry, the continued optimization of the industrial structure and product structure, and the growing core competitiveness and competitive position. The net return profit for 2025-2026 is maintained.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject