The pharmaceutical industry has grown steadily, and the R & D layout has continued to improve, by 30.30 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother is 920 million yuan over the same period.
2. The company and its subsidiaries are robust.
The stocking of the chords continues to grow, with growth in operating, core pharmaceutical companies, and net profits.
Industry achieves income of 11,084 million yuan (+8%) and a net return profit of 4,514 million yuan (+7%); subsidiaries achieve a return income of 1,825 million yuan (+70%) and R & D layouts continue to improve and drive innovation. Companies continue to build and improve.
Development and management systems to achieve full efficiency gains. The subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Global Unit, and the Research and Development Centre began construction at the Zhangjiang International Medical Park in Shanghai: the National Headquarters for Innovative Flexible Medical Devices in the Golden Pharmacy Industry and the Industrial Cluster (Golden Medical Devices Company of the Golden Race Industries).
At the end of the reporting period, there were 1,329 company-related research and development personnel, including 198 PhDs.
Adaptive disorders such as hormonal-related stunting (iss) and developmental disorders in children due to congenital ovarian development syndrome (turner syndrome) are in the process of being marketed; adult growth hormone deficiency has begun to be clinically treated and is in the process of being developed.
In the case of acute goody arthritis, KIMNAL has completed 111 sessions of clinical major research. The use of the DIN for advanced stomach or adrenaline recombinant adrenaline-related clinical trials for 111 years of cancer adaptation is continuing. The focus is on research.
If the product is successfully marketed, it will be expected to contribute to the company’s continued performance gains. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating The company’s growth hormone pole is strong and the long-term growth logic is constant, and we maintain the profits.
Health insurance price reductions and cost-control risks: growth hormone competition increases the risk: products are not sold as fast as expected; R & D is not progressing as expected, etc.