According to the company announcement, in the fourth quarter of 2023, the company earned $3.884 billion (+30.30% of the year) and realized a net return profit of $920 million.
Biopharmaceuticals collect 12,911 million yuan (year-on-year +14.35 per cent), middle-aged medicine collects 703 million yuan, while management costs, R & D rates increase slightly, and overall cost controls are stable.
\triangleright 2023 realized revenues of 11,084 million yuan (+848 per cent for the same year) from the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, resulting in a net profit of $4,514 million (+7.04 per cent for the same year); growth hormones, ovarian hormones, ovulation hormones, and other products
The steady growth in the performance of products such as Kim Eun-ing and the rapid increase in income from products such as nutrition have been effective in ensuring steady growth in the company’s performance. The company is actively expanding its non-growth hormone business, 2023 in the non-pediatrics core of the golden race medicine industry, including paediatrics, women’s health, adult endocrines, leather medicine, etc.
In the case of biological vaccines, in 2023, 100 grams of biology were achieved.
+175.98. 100 grams of biological research and development in the country's first belt for people aged 40 years and over. Herpe vaccine has been issued to the market, breaking the domestic monopoly on the import of herpes prevention products and bringing new growth points to companies.
In the field of biopharmaceuticals, the company has developed a comprehensive layout of new drug research and development around multiple areas, identifying disease tracks, and helping managers.
In the field of chemicals, companies develop small molecules around paediatric/adult endocrine, female health, autoimmune, neoplasm, and in the field of paediatrics, gynaecology, endocrines, and targets with potential for development. In the field of vaccines, companies use technology platforms.
Advantages: the liquid nose inflammation vaccine is in the pre-nda phase; the 100-white pervading vaccine (three groups) Sindha Securities Inc. has completed the clinical trial of the thong and is in the process of preparing the clinical trial of the thong; the rabies are fighting it.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. is conducting clinical research during the twilight period; frozen dry rabies vaccine (double human cell) and tetanus list.
The application for an anti-clinical trial has been approved, and a clinical study is about to take place. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the \triangleright to be collected separately in the year 2024-2026.
Risk factors: Risks of policy change, market competition, R & D, risk collection, Market Commissioner, with excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in operating the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in Guang Shui Ying, team member, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, clinical coro at ppcca and Parexel
Worked in 2021 to join the Sinda securities, responsible for research in the cxo industry, in December to study the scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine industry, and in April 2022 to study the Chinese medicine and biological products plate industry.
Sheng Zhao, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022, and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
Cao Jialine, member of the team, Master of Quantities in Economics at the Rimnan College of Nakayama University, two years of research in the pharmaceutical biology industry, worked on the Fangzheng securities, joined the Sindam securities in 2023 and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance from the University of the South, one year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (specialized in industry), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023 in Sindha securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical commerce & medicine, joined in Sinda securities, and was responsible for research on innovative drug plates.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.