q3 performance is sustained by the same rate of growth, with the release of new material items in the immediate investment rating: purchase (maintenance) on the evening of 28 October, Chinese chemistry released its three-quarter report for 2022, achieving business income of 1200.53
• Three-quarter performances sustained by the same rate of growth, three-quarter performance sustained by large projects like the Baltic Sea, and the Baltic project by the same rate of growth. In the first three quarters of 2022, 100 million yuan, or 28.35 per cent, was increased; the net profit from non-repatriation of 3.609 billion was increased by the same amount
32.26 per cent. In a single quarter, q3 companies achieved operating income of $45,255 million, an increase of 32.82 per cent over the same period and 14.55 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1,071 million, an increase over the same quarter; intensive project-building and project outreach were carried out, while careful planning for the organization of construction, in particular
It's a smooth advance for big projects like the Baltic Sea, with a reasonable three-year cost control and multiple factors driving the firm's performance at the same pace in the third quarter. • Awarding incentives to restricted stocks is expected to increase management motivation on a continuous basis.
The company has awarded restricted shares to the incentive audience. The company has previously developed restrictive stock incentives for a maximum of 60 restricted shares from the date of completion of the restricted stock register until the date of the incentive to cancel all restricted shares awarded for sale or repurchase.
In the month, restricted shares are restricted in three batches, each for 24 months, 36 months, and 48 months from the date of the award of the registration. The implementation of the corporate restricted stock incentive scheme has facilitated the company’s acceleration of its own medium- and long-term incentive regime, with the interests of the core managers and the interests of the enterprise.
Longer-term development is more closely combined to achieve risk sharing, benefit-sharing, fully mobilize their motivation and creativity, enhance the incentives for intra-firm growth, enhance corporate cohesion and market competitiveness, advance sustainable, high-quality corporate development and maximize corporate and shareholder value.
1. High growth in the value of new contracts, a significant increase in the value of new contracts, a significant increase in the value of new contracts, new material items, a shift to higher value-added materials, multiple projects
• Adherence to an integrated “Technology Ten” development strategy, with new material projects in the immediate direction of technological power to drive the development of emerging industries and accelerate industrial upgrading beyond “cricket” technologies. The public sector has a strong technological power to master and manage the core plates through autonomous R & D and production research synergies
The company has a series of proprietary technology and proprietary engineering technologies, while the company has a system of research and development platforms under the “1-megasca+n platform” and has set up the Japan Branch, the Beijing House Mountain Experimental Base, and the Japan Tsumbo Laboratory, which accumulates thousands of authorized patents and hundreds of proprietary technologies.
With its own research and development capacity, the HAP project has been upgraded to 330,000 tonnes/year by technology to create the world's single-line maximum capacity; and the full-sourced China Tsiennilong New Materials Project (phase I) step-c)
After the successful driving of the acetylene device and the adichlorine device, the 200,000 tonnes/year hydrazine device managed to access the full flow, successfully drove and produced the product: silicone-based gel technology developed in collaboration on the basis of trust, and the first eligible silicone gel project successfully produced the first silicone gel in February 2022.
Combination of thermal insulation products, the project is currently operating normally, with a product pass rate of more than 99 per cent; limited new materials in the chemical nature industry are available in the Department's subsidiary, Chemical Industry Institute III, Ltd. The company created a degradation plastic pbat project with a one-time annual production of 100,000 tons pbat
In addition, projects such as company poe, mch, environmental catalysts, nylon 12, pbat catalysts, used tyres cracking are well under way. In the broader context of the “doubt carbon” goal, new silicon-based materials, degradation materials, new energy markets are well under way.
Demand will grow rapidly, and companies will insist on an integrated “technology plus product” development strategy that, on the one hand, will speed up the process of national substitution of our high-end new materials and, on the other hand, will allow companies to pre-empt the market, (1) the risks associated with fluctuations in prices of raw materials and major products:
(ii) Risks to safe production: (3) environmental protection risks; (4) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.