Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) On the evening of 13 October, China Chemical issued a business brief for January-September 2022, company January-September.
• The value of new contracts continues to increase, with the number of new contracts outside the country increasing significantly €1 billion; 1,485 survey design supervisory consultants with a cumulative value of $3.767 billion for new contracts; the amount of new contracts accumulated in business and new materials sales/modern services/other operations, respectively
49.82/3145/1553 million. The chemical engineering and infrastructure industry has contributed more to the company's performance in the construction contracts, particularly the successful development of the Baltic Sea project, and the country's successive guidelines and policies to strengthen the capacity of the infrastructure have been continuously released.
There is a need to generate momentum for the growth of infrastructure operations, with external contracts amounting to $20,972 million, representing an increase of 87.15 per cent over the same period.
On the other hand, effective control of the overseas epidemic has led to more foreign orders.
2. Significant growth in the value of new contracts, new material items 3. Transition to higher value-added materials, with multiple projects offering incentives to restricted stocks, is expected to increase managerial motivation on a continuous basis
The company has awarded restricted shares to the incentive audience. The company has previously developed restrictive stock incentives for a maximum of 60 restricted shares from the date of completion of the restricted stock register until the date of the incentive to cancel all restricted shares awarded for sale or repurchase.
In the month, restricted shares are restricted in three batches, each for 24 months, 36 months, and 48 months from the date of the award of the registration. The implementation of the corporate restricted stock incentive scheme has facilitated the company’s acceleration of its own medium- and long-term incentive regime, with the interests of the core managers and the interests of the enterprise.
Longer-term development is more closely combined to achieve risk sharing, benefit-sharing, fully mobilize their motivation and creativity, enhance the incentives for intra-firm growth, enhance corporate cohesion and market competitiveness, advance sustainable, high-quality corporate development and maximize corporate and shareholder value.
• Adherence to an integrated “Technology Ten” development strategy that accelerates industrial transformation, drives the development of emerging industries with technological power, and accelerates industrial upgrading beyond “cricket” technology. Companies have a strong technological power to master and embrace core clusters through autonomous R & D and R & D synergies
There is a series of proprietary technology and proprietary engineering technologies, while the company has a system of research and development platforms under the umbrella of the “One General + Multi-House +n Platform” and has set up the Japan Branch, the Beijing Hoyoyama Experimental Base, and the Japanese Tsubashi Laboratory, which cumulatively has thousands of authorized patents and hundreds of proprietary technologies.
With the capacity to develop, the HAP project will be upgraded to 330,000 tonnes/year, creating the world's largest single-line capacity; and the full-sourced China Tsiennilong New Materials Project (phase I) relays of acrylene,
Following the successful driving of the Xindoxine device, 200,000 tonnes/year of Xinazine successfully completed the process, and produced the product of the Xinon. The co-development of silicone-based gel technology, new Chinese materials. The gel project successfully produced the first eligible silicone nanocogel insulation in February 2022.
(a) Pulse products, which are currently properly driven, with a product qualification rate of more than 99 per cent; and a one-time success of a degradable plastic pbat project, built by a subsidiary of the Chemical Design Institute III Ltd.
Successfully producing high-quality pbat polyester products; in addition, projects such as company poe, mch, environmental catalysts, nylon 12, pbat catalysts, used tyres fission are well under way. In the broader context of the “double carbon” goal, market demand for new silicon-based materials, degradable materials, new energy sources will increase rapidly.
Longer, the firm's adherence to an integrated “technology plus product” development strategy will, on the one hand, accelerate the process of substitution of national production for our high-end new materials and, on the other hand, will allow the company to take advantage of the market and be expected to concentrate on risks arising from (1) price fluctuations in raw materials and major products in the future;
(ii) safe production risks; (iii) environmental protection risks; and (iv) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.