High performance growth, active expansion of business and new materials China ' s chemistry (601.17sh) billion yuan, an increase of 33.24 per cent over the same period; net return to mother ' s profit of 3.72 billion yuan, a comparison
In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved $12.579 billion, an increase of 33.24 per cent in the same year, and realized a net return on maternity.
The cost is 4.07 per cent, or 1.58 pct less, compared to the same year.
Actively expanding the field of industrial and new materials. Companies are actively developing new materials in business, with technology research and development at the heart, focusing on new chemical materials and chemicals such as high-performance fibres, ad hoc synthesis rubber, engineering plastics, etc.
“Crystal” technologies such as ammonium, adihydrazine, aerogel, and environmentally degradable plastics to expand the area of high-value-added products in the new materials industry. In 2016, companies built their investments in Fujian based on their own green-hexamide technology packages and series of catalysts.
It became the nylon 6 critical monolithymamine project, in the course of which the company continued to make technological improvements in energy conservation, consumption, lifting, etc., up to 330,000 tonnes/year, maintaining the world ' s single-line maximum capacity. The company ' s nylon new materials project was launched.
Many technical and equipment difficulties were resolved during the construction and driving process to break through the first industrialization package of the “cricket” project abroad.
On July 31st, the project was successfully driven and produced high-quality products, and the project was transferred to normal production and went into an optimization period. The Division developed silicon-based gel technology in collaboration with the Ministry of Finance, and invested in the construction of the gel in Chongqing.
A single-time drive was successful, with high-quality silicone nanogel composites currently produced The risk that by the end of July 2022, nearly 6,000 cubic metres of silicone gas would have been achieved: receivables could not be recovered as much as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.