Researchchand developmentcenter 2022q1 performance is slightly over-expected and profitability continues to improve
- El ophthalmology (3000015) covered the report for the first time with slightly over-expected performance of 20201, sustained increase in profitability, net profit return of $2,783 million, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period, and net cash flow from operating activities of $4,084 million
The net profit is 611 million yuan, an increase of 26.15% from the previous year, the net profit is 623 million yuan from the non-mother ' s profit, the high growth of the wind and light business and the rising profitability of the company. The largest share of the company ' s income is in the tangent sector, which reached 36.8% in 2021.
The cataract income ratio is the third highest, with robust performance growth, a slight decline in income, and a unique hierarchical chaining model that creates sustainable high profitability. The company’s original hierarchical chaining model is consistent with China’s national circumstances, driving the firm’s rapid growth, and the company is already working on technology, services, brands, and regulations.
Models, talent, scientific research, management, etc. have developed a stronger core competitiveness, with an increasing number of hospitals gradually gaining the largest share of the local market in the last month (%) of outpatients, surgical operations, operating income, etc.
There are 118 in-house clinics, 30 new in the year; there are 292 in-country hospitals and clinics, 58.27, 42.92, 31.12 times more in the year; success in taking into account the company ' s chaining model and the market for ophthalmological diseases; Catalysts for share prices: disease control mitigation, state policy-driven upgrading of near-sighted control measures.
Risk factors: medical risk, human resources risk, goodwill risk of impairment, new coronary pneumonia risk.
El ophthalmology: the pole of the ophthalmology service industry, as a professional ophthalmological chain of medical institutions, mainly in the treatment of ophthalmological diseases, surgical services and medical photospectroscopes,
The company’s unique “hierarchical chain” development model and its accompanying operating management system are highly adapted to China’s circumstances and urban environment, through the functional positioning of hospitals at different levels, improving resource-sharing efficiency and health care, and expanding the network.
The company’s performance remains high. Based on the company’s hierarchical chain development model, the company’s performance maintains a high rate of growth.
The largest and fastest growing business is in the field. The largest share of corporate income is in the business sector, reaching 36.8% in 2021, the fastest growing business in the business, the higher income ratio, the $552 million in the business income in 2021, and the overall profitability of the company driven by the high rate of growth in the business and the high profitability of the business.
Higher, and both upward, Māori in 2021 reached 58.95 per cent, Māori in 2021 reached a higher and faster share of Rāl and SV in the company, leading to an upward trend in the overall Māori ratio in the company, which reached 51.92 per cent in 2021, a new high in recent years, with net interest rates of 16.47 per cent and a new high.
As a result of the rapid growth in company performance, the sales cost rate has gradually fallen, with the company’s sales cost having been 9.65 per cent in 2021. The frequency of equity incentives by companies has been higher, and the management cost rate has been more stable, reaching around 14.53 per cent in 2021. Financial fees 3, policy incentives, and demand for eye services have continued to grow.
With the support of a number of State policies, the development of the country ' s health-care system has been optimized, the number of hospitals, beds, health-care technicians, the number of consultations and admissions, and the income of health-care providers have been growing rapidly, thus increasing the share of the general health-care market.
The demand for ophthalmology services in the country has continued to grow in recent years, owing mainly to: (i) the growing number of people with an age-related eye condition as the country ' s population age: (ii) the increasingly critical eye health of adolescents, especially the incidence of near-sighted diseases, which is much higher than the world average; and (iii) the epidemic has changed people ' s way of life, with classes online, offices online and the Internet.
The trend towards entertainment and online socialization has increased the intensity of eye use and has had a greater impact on visual health, resulting in more ophthalmological predictions, valuations and investment ratings, and profit predictions and assumptions.
58.27, 42.92, 1.1.12 times the corresponding figure, taking into account the success of the company ' s chaining model and the need for a market for ophthalmological diseases.
In the case of ophthalmology, although most operations are performed under microscopic microscopes and the incisions are minimal, ophthalmological institutions are affected by a variety of factors, such as the quality of the ophthalmology, the physical and psychological differences of the patients themselves, the equipment for diagnosis and quality control, due to the fine structure of the eye, the fragility of the organization and the fact that the quality of the ophthalmological surgery will be affected by a variety of factors.
As a technology-intensive industry, highly qualified skilled and managerial personnel play a very important role in the development of health-care institutions, especially as a result of the rapid expansion of the company’s medical scale and the complexity of its organizational structure and management systems.
The level of diagnosis, regulatory capacity, quality of services, etc., is much more demanding, and attracting, developing, using high-quality technicians and managerial talent is a key factor in the company’s future development. While companies have already made a corresponding pool of talent for subsequent development in the previous period, if they fail to attract sufficient skilled and managerial talent on a sustainable basis, and if they are not able to train them, they will not be able to do so.
The company will generate a certain amount of goodwill assets in the process of investment mergers and acquisitions. According to the Enterprise Accounting Standards, goodwill is tested for impairment at the end of each future year.
Risks, which adversely affect the profits and losses of listed companies.4 The risk of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, which is expected to result from the fact that there are ongoing outbreaks in local and overseas parts of the country, as a global ophthalmological institution, continues to occur.
The company’s performance remains uncertain if the epidemic is not effectively controlled in the future or if there is a large-scale rebound. Lee Yutsu, a team member, and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Association and Medicine.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindash securities, which he was in charge of medical equipment panels, and was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppcca and paraxel, and in 2021 he joined the Sindash securities, which he was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.