El ophthalmology, quality business models for development, global ophthalmological re-launching of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1) The company is the leading global ophthalmological service provider and the M & A fund model guarantees a continuous injection of high-quality in vitro assets. Currently, the M & A fund has 318 hospitals and outpatients, which can be developed and incorporated into the revenue growth of the listed public department; 2) The company has a strong brand, a structured chain system that supports the expansion of the portals, and the number of outpatient clinics is 2011-
(c) Increased consumption and the near-visibility of disease contribute to the expansion of the country's optical orthotic surgery market, which is expected to be 72.6 billion yuan by 2025, and the increase in the number of cataract surgery due to an ageing trend.
In the long run, the market for cataract surgery is expected to be 33.9 billion yuan in 2025, with a large market space for the main business. The ophthalmologist’s performance is growing rapidly, and the M & As model is firmly entrenched. Corporate performance continues to grow rapidly, and the Investment M & A Fund guarantees the continued growth of in vitro assets, with 610 cumulative assets in China and China in 2021.
In China, Europe, South-East Asia, and Hong Kong, China, 113 specialized ophthalmology hospitals and centres have been opened, including the M&A of 318 hospitals and outpatients under the auspices of the Fund, which can grow up to contribute to higher revenues for listed companies.
In 2021, the company arranged a cascade system of “centre city-provincial city-local city-county-county city-county” to create a multi-city model, expand domestic maps, invest in and buy Hong Kong, Europe, and South-East Asia.
The growth of the main business is promising, and the internal dynamics of the company are starting a new decade. The rising consumption and near-visibility rates are contributing to the expansion of the country’s optical correction and tangential surgery market, which is expected to reach the scale of the market for tangential surgery by 2025, and the income ratio is expected to increase further. The trend towards ageing is driving the growth of the market for cataract surgery.
The market is expected to be 33.9 billion yuan by 2025. The revenue share of the current and the back-of-the-eye surgery in 2021 is a profit forecast and investment proposal. El ophthalmology continues to expand, with the scale effect highlighting the high speed of the main business eps 0.66/0.84/1009 per year, respectively.
One ophthalmologist lead industry, the future leader of the global medical service, 1.1 ophthalmology champions, and corporate performance has grown steadily over the years. El ophthalmology is a world-renowned chain eye service.
Hospitals Limited. In 2009, the company was listed on the business board and became China’s first ipo-listed medical service provider. El Eye Clinic provides eye care for patients mainly in the diagnosis, treatment and medical photoglass of various types of ophthalmology. At present, 610 specialized ophthalmological hospitals and centres have been set up in China and China within the company and industry M&A funds.
At home, the network of medical services covers nearly 3 billion people worldwide. Figure 1: El ophthalmological global distribution.
Corporate performance has continued to increase significantly, with a steady increase in the number of consultations. Corporate operating income and net return profits have increased steadily since 2009, with a steady overall increase in 2020, as a result of the new crown epidemic, which affected the volume of operations and the income of the company’s main business to varying degrees, a slowdown in income growth and a rapid return to growth at the end of the controlled epidemic in 2021, with a return of 15 billion yuan.
With a 25.9 per cent increase in the same year and a net return to the mother of 2.32 billion yuan, a 34.8 per cent increase in the same year, and a net gain of 2.78 billion yuan, a 30.6 per cent increase in the same year, the company was operating well in January-February 2022, and the company ' s hospital operations were significantly affected by the outbreak of the epidemic in the country in March, on the basis of which the company ' s performance remained robust, with 2022q1
Achieving income of $4.17 billion, an increase of 18.7 per cent in the same year; net return of $610 million, an increase of 26.2 per cent in the same year; and continued growth in corporate profitability. Corporate Maori has increased slightly in recent years, mainly as a result of an increased proportion of high Maori sight and dredging, an optimal business income structure and the scale effect of company operations.
A 51.9 per cent increase in the same-year increase of 0.9 pp, the increase in the Maori rate, and the continued increase in profitability. The cost rate during the company period was due to the recovery of the epidemic, the impact of the epidemic on a wide range of activities, the expansion of operations this year, the increase in outreach activities and the increase in the remuneration of market personnel; the management rate was 13.1 per cent, an increase of 1.1 pp over the same period, which we believe is mainly due to the cost of equity incentives.
The ophthalmology services and visual services are the core components of the company’s current income. In comparison, the ophthalmology services and visual services in 2021 accounted for 10.16 billion and 3.38 billion, respectively, for 67.7 per cent and 22.5 per cent, respectively.
Compared to: more than 90%. Corporate draught surgery, cataract surgery, immediate surgery, back-of-the-eye surgery developed in a balanced manner, with a high rate of attention.
1.2 Building on the M & A fund model and the talent development system, the China Eye Dragon Corporation has developed the in vitro labels through the Industrial Fund, and has completed the closed chain of acquisitions with targeted increases and cash of its own, guaranteeing a continuous injection of in vitro assets. In 2014, El created the innovative development model of the Industrial M & A Fund and the Equity Investment Corporation, using a small amount of self-interest.
There are funds to leverage industrial capital for rapid expansion. There is a clear advantage in the corporate innovation M&A fund model: 1) El ophthalmology and its son-in-law contribute less than 20% of the lp, weakening the impact of new hospitals on the performance of listed companies; 2) significant leverage to speed up the running of the cycle with small-scale financing for later expansion; 3) and, at the same time, El's export of brands to in vitro hospitals,
Management of the supply chain and acceleration of in vitro hospital development with a scale effect; 4) Professional implementation of M & A projects to release public El ophthalmology ' s number of new hospitals each year at a compound annual growth rate of 41.1%, a significant increase. As of January 2022, El was involved in 10 M & A funds, managing total assets of RMB 9.9 billion, with a combined investment of RMB 1,748 million, representing total fund-raising
The Industrial Fund contributes to the strategic planning of the Al level clinics, which effectively sank medical resources. The company ' s in vitro hospitals are dominated by local and municipal hospitals and form a nationwide network of coverage. The country ' s three-line and suburban cities account for 69% of the population, while the resources for quality eye care are relatively limited and the company expands.
Short cycles make it easier to release quickly. Some of the in vitro-breeding hospitals in the company from 2017 to 2019 have gained a surplus, with 318 hospitals and outpatients under the company ' s M & A fund by the end of 2021. In vitro incubation hospitals are entering maturity and are gradually integrated into the listed company system.
Acquisition of shares in 14 ophthalmological hospitals since 2021, according to company announcements, the company has cumulatively completed four major mergers and acquisitions involving ophthalmologists.
27 institutions, corresponding to a total of 599 million yuan in operating income in 2020. El ophthalmology has built “eight, two stations, two bases, three centres” for innovative integration of science and research, with continuous improvement of medical services.
In August 2019, the shareholders of the company announced their intention to donate 100 million shares (3.23% of the total stock) to the Sunjiang Public Interest Foundation in Hunan Province.
The number of doctors rose from 0 in 2013 to 272 in 2021, while the number of masters rose from 265 in 2011 to 1547 in 2021 and the number of undergraduates.
Sci/medline, 61 published in the Chinese Core Journal/China Journal of Statistical Sources of Science and Technology dissertations.
As of 30 April 2022, Mr. Chen Bong, the chairman of the company’s largest shareholder, held 43.9% of the company’s shares directly and indirectly, while General Manager Li Li held 10.5% of the company’s shares directly and indirectly. Indirectly held shares were held through El Medical Investment Group Limited. In August 30, 2019, the company introduced its internationally renowned institution, High Capital (hillhouse).
Many levels of incentives have increased the overall competitiveness of companies.
There are four equity incentive schemes for middle-level managers, core managers, core technicians, and so on. The equity incentive schemes set up break-down limits that motivate staff to strive to meet current performance requirements, gain investment returns, sustained expansion of the range of incentives, regular extension, and the number of equity incentive recipients in 2021 accounted for 21.52% of the staff in the previous year.
In addition to the equity incentive scheme, the Department decided in April 2014 to implement a partnership scheme for new, acquired, and expanded hospitals, with core talent forming a partnership.
After the new hospital has reached a certain level of profitability, El ophthalmology will acquire the hospital shares held by the partner at a fair price by issuing shares, paying cash or combining both. The partner plans to create a long-term profit community between the core cadres and the company, sharing the company’s development results on a continuous basis, and accelerating the process of developing the new house and promoting the company’s long-term development in 2014-2018.
The Partner Scheme covers more than 129 hospitals (including the M&A hospital under the umbrella of the Fund), benefiting more than 1,000 ophthalmologists (up to 14 times the number), and has a large platform and promotion space for the president and even the director general. The market for ophthalmology services continues to expand, with private dragons gaining structural opportunities.
A large number of patients worldwide are suffering from ophthalmological diseases. Eye diseases refer to the symptoms affecting the eye components, such as corneas, rainbows, pupils, eyes, nerves, crystals, retinals, yellow spots, pulses, membranes, or glass, which can be classified as blind eye disease and non-blind eye disease. WHO World Vision Report shows that in 2020 there were approximately 2.6 billion people suffering from near-sighted diseases worldwide (of which 19 were under age).
In 2019, according to frost&sullivan data, the 10 most common eye diseases in the country included poor light (including near-sightedness, farsightedness, old eyes and scattering light), membrane, dry eye disease, cataracts, hysteria, retinal diseases, slants, weak eyes, glaucoma and grapes.
China has a large ophthalmology base, a large age range, and a steady expansion of the ophthalmological market. According to the National Report on Visual Health, the country currently has a large population of 630 million people suffering from eye diseases, representing the country’s population.
Nearly 50% of the cataracts suffer from more than 200 million cataracts, with a large base of patients, and there is an acute need for treatment for ophthalmological diseases, such as eye-dryness and glaucoma. At the same time, ophthalmological diseases cover a wide range of age groups, and the age distribution of those suffering from poor ophthalmology is roughly 5-50 years, with the cataracts predominantly older persons, and according to Yan Guangnet, the incidence of cataracts among the elderly over 60 years of age in China is more than 80%.
According to China’s health yearbook, the size of the industry in China’s ophthalmology market has increased from 50,710 million in 2015 to 11,257 million in 2020, and the cagr has remained stable at a steady rate of growth of 17.3%. Of this, 18.5% is annual compound growth in private hospitals, and 16.5% is annual compound growth in public hospitals.
In 2024, China's market for ophthalmology services was expected to reach 2563.1 billion yuan, and China's market for ophthalmology medicine continued to expand with a high degree of certainty. There were numerous projects for ophthalmology services in China, and there were more balanced developments in the various areas of ophthalmology.
The top three sectors of the country ' s broken-down market for eye services were operated by optical surgery, with a ratio of 21.3 per cent, 18.1 per cent and 16.8 per cent respectively, followed by eye and eye diseases, with a ratio of 14.6 per cent and 8.8 per cent, respectively, 2.1 with high demand for near-sighted prevention and treatment, optical correction and draught surgery.
According to the data of the National Health and Health Board, the overall rate of children and adolescents in the country was 52.7% in 2020, an increase of 2.5% compared to 2019. Of these, 6-year-olds were 14.3%, primary school 35.6%, middle school 71.1%, high school 80.5%, and 10% of near-visit students were higher.
Short hours of outdoor activity, poor sleeping hours, unscientific use of electronic devices, among other things, have led to an increase in the near-visibility rate, which is prominent in the problem of underage. According to frost&sullivan, the number of patients under 20 years of age in 2020 will reach 170 million, and the total number of patients under 20 years of age will reach 700 million.
For prevention and diffusion, correction is usually done by wearing frame glasses, cornea contact lenses, corneas plastic mirrors, and low concentrations of ato. Frame glasses are relatively economical and safe and apply to most near-sighted corrections. Corner contact mirrors are split into flexible corneas, contact mirrors and rigid corneas contact mirrors, which are softer, but less peroxygenic and suitable for adults.
Dressed, but not properly worn or worn for long periods of time, liable to complications such as confluence, corneas, etc.; rigid corneas contact mirrors are well shaped, not easily deformed, with high optical correction quality, especially for some patients with high near-sightedness and spectroscopy, with better corrective effect; mirrors are one of the rigid corneas contact lenses, which temporarily reduce the number of peri-vision light levels by reconstructing the corneas, thus enhancing the vision of the naked eye;
Low concentrations of atropine are suitable for use by young children under 12 years of age, and experiments show that 0.01% of atropine can help 6-12 years of age with an average 60% – 80% reduction in near-visit growth among young children. China’s market for medical light is growing rapidly. From 7.09 billion yuan in 2014, the market has expanded rapidly to 22,750 million yuan in 2019.
The market for medical visual services in China is expected to grow faster with the increase in the number of people suffering from poor health conditions in China and the increase in the single price of visual correction. In 2024, the market is expected to reach 47 billion yuan.
In 2019, the El ophthalmological services market accounted for 8.48% of China’s medical light market. Far from He’s ophthalmology, Prey ophthalmology, and other enterprises, such as ophthalmology.
The eight departments of the National Commission for Health and Welfare jointly issued the Comprehensive Prevention and Control of Childhood and Adolescence Implementation Programme, which states that, by 2023, it is to be hoped that the overall national rate of children and adolescents will be reduced by more than 0.5 per cent per year over 2018 and by more than 1 per cent per year in the provinces with high visibility: by 2030, the rate of 6-year-olds will be controlled by around 3 per cent and that the rate of primary school children will be below 38 per cent.
It is expected that health-care institutions will be involved earlier in the screening of students’ vision, raising the market awareness of products such as corned plastic mirrors, and that China’s market for visual services will be promising. Drummy surgery will be suitable for patients over 20 years of age, and will remain stable for more than two years.
The current near-sighted orthopaedic surgery is dominated by corneas, membrane delumination surgery, which includes, inter alia, all-lasers-prk, flying-second laser combination laser laser lasers (fs-lasers) as the only way to fully restore the patient’s vision.
Lasik, a small transect of lasers. Full laser paramole: relatively simple operation, no risk of corneal petals, long period of visual recovery for patients; flying second laser combined paramole laser technique: smaller and more precise cornea petals, more consistent thickness between the centre of the corneal petals and the perimeter. Two large devices are required during the operation and need to be equipped.
Patients moved: A small transecting lens of a small transect of a laser in a flight second: less tissue to correct a radiance than a quasi-molecular laser technique, with a unique advantage in microfiche and no petals; artificial crystal implantation (icl): the current combination is the best, the least reactive surgery, and the process is reversible, but expensive.
In 2015, China performed only 729 laser surgery per million people, only 15% in Japan, and 40% in the United States. With rising per capita income, concerns about eye health, and rising consumption as a result of improvements in surgical methods, future draught surgery is expected to grow rapidly in China.
China’s market for kurkaan surgery is growing rapidly, and the market will be more than 70 billion. In 2015, China’s market for kurkhag surgery was about 59 billion yuan, growing to 18.7 billion yuan in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 32.3 per cent, as the number of patients suffering from poor kurkhag is growing, people’s consumption levels are rising, and technological upgrading is driving up prices. The overall market is expected to be over 72.6 billion yuan in 2025.
Private institutions, thanks to their product, quality of service and pricing advantages, have seen their income and share of the total market rise, with 50 per cent of the private market in ophthalmology hospitals in 2019 and a projected 56.3 per cent increase in 2025. 2.2 The ageing trend is increasing, and cataract surgery is expected to continue.
In the context of ageing, there is a large population base of potential patients with cataract surgery. Cataracts are confused by the natural crystallization of the human eye caused by aging, genetics, trauma, etc., which prevents light from being projected on the retina, causing visual molding or complete blindness. Cataracts are of high age relevance, according to the Chinese Medical Association's Eye Science Division, in 60-89 years of age.
The incidence of cataracts is 80% among the elderly, and more than 90% among persons over 90 years of age. The current ageing process in Chinese society has increased, with over 260 million people over 60 years of age in 2021, and a clear trend towards older persons, with the number of cataracts projected to reach 151 million in 2025.
Cataracts are the world ' s first-largest blindness. According to CVM, the number of cataract operations in China increased from 1.44 million in 2012 to 3.7 million in 2018, and the number of cataracts in China increased to 17%. According to data from the China Defense Blindness Network, the penetration rate of cataract surgery in the country has increased rapidly in recent years, with the number of cataracts per million population.
The number of technologies (csr) rose rapidly from 1072 in 2012 to 2662 in 2018, with a 16.4 per cent annual compound growth rate; however, there is still much room for improvement in the penetration rate of cataract surgery in China compared to more than 10,000 developed countries such as the United States, France and more than 5,000 in India in 2011.
Cataracts are constantly being updated to provide patients with more options. With ultrasonic suction surgery, cold ultrasonic emulsion technique, microscene technology, flying-second laser-assisted cataract surgery, the traditional cataract surgery for simple recognizance is gradually being replaced by individualized cataract surgery, while the surgical equipment is constantly being updated, pre-ops are being improved and personalized.
China’s market for cataract surgery has continued to grow rapidly. According to CSQ data, the size of the country’s cataract surgery market was about 11.13 billion yuan in 2015, rising to 19,750 million yuan in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 15.4%.
2.3 Private hospitals offer structural opportunities and are expected to become the main players in the market for ophthalmological services. In 2014, the National Commission on Health Care (CNV) issued a communication to ensure that social health clinics are integrated into regional health planning, and to improve the quality and management of social services. In 2015, the State Council issued a further communication.
The China Health Statistics Yearbook 2021 shows that the number of hospitals in the Central National Camp has expanded rapidly from 15,000 in 2015 to 24,000 in 2020, and the number of cagr to 9.9%.
Figure 32: Trends in the number of hospitals in China from 2015 to 2020 (by type of institution) State policy has repeatedly emphasized support for the socialization of medical services in various specialized areas, with structural opportunities for private specialized hospitals. In 2017, the State Council ' s Office issued an Opinion on Supporting the Social Power in the Provision of Multilayered Medical Services.
In 2019, it was re-emphasized that the establishment of specialized services such as ophthalmology, osteoporology, orals, obstetrics, paediatrics, oncology, etc., as well as the construction of competitive branding services, rehabilitation, care, medical examinations, etc.
By 2020, the number of specialized hospitals in China had reached 9021, an increase of nearly 3,000 compared to 2015, and the number of specialized ophthalmological hospitals continued to grow rapidly. The need for ophthalmology increased as the incidence of ophthalmology rose from year to year, the awareness of eye health increased and the ability to pay increased.
In 2020, there were 1,061 specialized ophthalmological hospitals in the country, with an average annual compound increase of 15.6 per cent and a total of 2,133,000 patients, with an annual compound growth rate of 15.8 per cent. The ophthalmological process is easy to standardize and the private specialist hospital is highly replicable.
There has been a rapid increase, from 397 in 2015 to 1005 in 2020, with an average annual compound increase of 20.4%, and the number of ophthalmology hospitals in 2020 amounted to 94.7% of the ophthalmology hospitals.
Autonomy, which usually lasts between 10 and 30 minutes, and there is an increasing degree of automation of treatment instruments, such as the full laser operation (t-ppk upgrade) of Amassmart in the current tangent technique, which allows a fully automated cut without manual devices, the initial investment in the ophthalmology unit is moderate and easily chained.
In the field of therapy, common ophthalmological equipment includes ophthalmological examination equipment, optical equipment, laser therapy equipment, para-molecular laser surgery systems, etc., the purchase price of single equipment is between hundreds of thousands of dollars and millions of dollars, the price of Tsai's full flight second equipment is millions, and the total fixed investment in the entire ophthalmology hospital is likely to be between 10 million and 30 million.
It is less likely that the hospital will open its own shop: at the same time, there will be too much financial pressure on private eye hospitals to expand in chains, as opposed to single-room investment of hundreds of millions of yuan in other departments.
In 2020, the number of ophthalmology clinics in public hospitals was only 2.1 per cent of the total number of consultations. According to the Hia Report on the Costs of the First Public Hospital in China, ophthalmology contributes less to the income and profits of public hospitals, is on the edge of public hospitals, the resources of hospitals are difficult to tilt towards ophthalmology, and private ophthalmology hospitals are expected to take advantage of and compete for differentiation.
Private ophthalmology hospitals can provide better access and better remuneration for doctors, and ophthalmologists are more willing to leave. Rapid expansion of new branches can provide a lot of room for ophthalmologists at different levels.
Private eye hospitals operate efficiently; at the same time, they can be equipped with more sophisticated surgical equipment to attract clients and provide doctors with more opportunities to learn about new technologies and operations.
In the academic highlands of Beijing, where the number of cataract operations was far higher than in private hospitals in 2018, public hospitals in the second and third line of the country are generally weaker in ophthalmology than in other departments, and private hospitals are well developed. For example, the top five hospitals are ranked in the number of cataract operations in Chongqing, three of which are private hospitals, with a smaller gap between the number of operations performed and the number of public hospitals ranked first.
A three-stage chain expansion deepens the domestic layout, and the expansion of the global expansion is accelerated by the extension and acquisition of 3.1 single shops: the old courthouse is profitable: it has a significant ability to get customers, and it has a strong impact on its size, and El has been on the market for 10 years to validate the single shop’s profit model. The profit of a single store depends on the patient’s flow and the price of a guest.
The number of visits rose from 10.36 million in 2010 to 10,196 in 2021, and the number of visits to El ophthalmology stores grew strongly in 2011-2021, and the last ten major holdings/participants under the El ophthalmology flag continued to rise.
The stock company has made a steady contribution to Earl’s net profit. Prior to 2013, El ophthalmology’s other doors were all in a loss position, and in 2014, as El ophthalmology continued, the profitability of the non-Four Gate’s top ten shops began to grow.
At a steady annual growth rate of 36.2% of total net profits in 2021, the first-line urban hospital: the hospital’s profits are clearly influenced by operating costs and competitive dynamics. The first-line city is rich in medical resources, and the high-quality public hospital, represented by the North Korean colleague hospital and the University of Shanghai-affiliated nose and throat hospital, has a strong scientific and clinical presence.
Strength, high profile among patients; competition in first-line private hospitals, such as in Shanghai, the New Vision Hospital, and Prey ophthalmology are powerful opponents of El ophthalmology. At the same time, the first-line city, Aey ophthalmology, has been slow to develop because of the high human and operating costs.
Urban hospitals in the provincial capital: hospitals are more mature, making single shops more profitable and increasing their growth. In 2021, Wuhanele earned $540 million in operating income, a net profit of $150 million, and an annual compound growth rate of 12.4% in operating income.
The figure is 10.2%. Shenyang's ophthalmology earned $420 million in 2021, net profit is about $9.834 million, and the annual compound growth rate of operating income is a more mature model of local and municipal levels. The ophthalmology hospital is ranked first in Hunan province in terms of the number of near-visit surgery and cataract surgery.
In 2020, the city had a total population of 6.6445 million, and it was expected to maintain steady growth in 2022. The city had a permanent population of 3.903 million, 2021 old hospitals: the increase in the price of passenger bills and the expansion of the relocation were the catalysts for the growth of income in mature hospitals.
After completion of the expansion at the end of 2012, operating income increased at a rate of over 18 per cent for three consecutive years, and in 2017, when the previous year ' s income increased somewhat, equipment such as advanced flying-second lasers was introduced to re-energize income growth; Chongqing El ophthalmology introduced flying-second laser devices in 2015, with a significant increase in revenue, which was reduced in 2016 and expanded in 2017/18 as a result of relocation
The project has been steadily advanced and completed, with operating income growing at a rate of more than 20 per cent over two years. In 2021, Chang Sha'il had a business income of $460 million and a 3.2 chain of expansion: graded consultations built high barriers to competition, eye-healthed ecology, globalization of El ophthalmology and a strong chain of expansion. As of the end of 2021, M & As in listed companies and industries
In gold, 610 specialized ophthalmological hospitals and centres have been set up in China and China, with more than 10 million visits per year, and with more than 10 million surgeries than national competitors, with a clear competitive advantage. In 2009, El ophthalmology took the lead in listing, capital was growing rapidly, and the number of hospitals, clinics, and surgeries far outnumbered private ophthalmological rivals, with significant advantages.
After more than a decade of development, El ophthalmology has set up a chain system called “Central City Hospital - Provincial Capital City Hospital - Local City Hospital - District Hospital”.
Top-down technical support, bottom-up patient sharing, optimal service to patients while optimizing the allocation of resources, constitutes a unique competitive advantage for El ophthalmology. El ophthalmology hospitals at different levels have different functions: 1) Central urban hospitals: located at international first-class levels, responsible
(b) Municipal hospitals in the capital of the province: (ii) general eye service, which is responsible for promoting the development of hospitals throughout the province: (iii) local and municipal hospitals, which deal with most common and multiple ophthalmological diseases and build up the network of primary services in El Al; and (iv) district urban hospitals, which serve as primary ophthalmology centres, which address most common ophthalmological problems and refer patients to higher hospitals.
As El ophthalmology expands within the city's ecological system, the ophthalmology hospital is the main focus of the ophthalmology clinic, and the ophthalmology clinic is the tentacle.
El ophthalmology continues to sink medical resources to meet local consumption needs. By the end of 2021, El ophthalmology had more than 50 provincial hospitals, covering more than 90% of provincial capitals, and more than 240 local and municipal hospitals.
80% of local cities in China; more than 100 county hospitals, about 2,800 county cities in China, and less coverage at the primary level of El ophthalmology. Meanwhile, El ophthalmology has increased the layout of its eye clinics, paying attention to youth close-vision prevention and control, and now has more than 100 eye clinics, and as provincial and municipal hospitals are built and integrated are managed, El ophthalmology will progress steadily.
The organization of district hospitals and eye-vision clinics provides a new impetus to income growth. In 2020, several provinces created “horizontal, vertical networking” that led to greater efficiency and sharing of resources within the region, optimal allocation of resources and facilitation of patient visits.
3.2.3 Eye Ecology: Smart Medicine, Building the Internet Plus, El Eyebush Internet Hospital, adapted to the new trends of the times. While the underline shop is expanding, El takes full advantage of the interconnectivity technology, sets up a cloud service platform, and offers the Internet hospital “on-line consultation” “self-diagnostic” “knowledge education” online.
Services such as "City" and high-quality professional ophthalmology services through autonomous software systems, intelligent ophthalmology equipment, etc.. The successful ophthalmological diagnostic system developed by El has more than 95% diagnostic accuracy for diabetic retinal changes (dd) and age-relevance yellow flammation (amd), which has greatly improved clinical diagnostic accuracy and engineering.
By the end of 2020, there were 89 hospitals in the El ophthalmology online intelligence hospital system, with a cumulative total of 600,000 patients a year, providing services such as efficient and rapid booking, online fees, report queries, etc. 3.3 Overseas operations: external extension and purchase of international layouts for high-end medical services.
Corporate globalization has expanded to Europe and the US and South-East Asia, providing technical support for high-end domestic operations. In recent years, companies have invested in and acquired internationally renowned ophthalmological institutions such as the Hong Kong Asian Medical Group, the American ophthalmology centre, the European clínicabaviera, and the Singapore isechealthcare.
South-West Securities Organization Hong Kong Region: In July 2015, El ophthalmology established Hong Kong's fully-owned company, El ophthalmology International (HKI) Ltd. (HKI) as the first step towards overseas expansion. In December 2015, the company acquired the Asian Medical Group in Hong Kong.
Through this merger, El ophthalmology has increased its occupancy and visibility in the Hong Kong market, while learning from its mature clinical model and management experience, laying the groundwork for further internationalization.