"As you go, the head of the private eye continues to lead, and the investment rating is: buying (first time) a ophthalmologist prior to buying a ophthalmologist, starting with a snowball of the right size."
At the end of the year, the company opened 723 ophthalmology facilities worldwide, including a total of 292 hospitals in the country, close to achieving full coverage in the country's provinces and cities.
Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, and South-East Asia have significant advantages in size. In 2021, companies achieved a standardized and replicable business model, new hospitals under the company’s umbrella were rapidly matured, old-fashioned hospitals were continuously upgraded, and the density, breadth, and depth of operations will continue to increase in the future.
• Multidimensional competitive advantage lays the foundation for high-quality growth 1) The M & As + Partner model breaks the “brain, money” bottleneck in the expansion of private chains, driving the expansion faster.
The number of hospitals is expanding rapidly from 50 at the beginning of 2014 to 292 at the end of 2021, and companies still have a stock of 318 medical institutions (hospitals and clinics) under M & A funds, with future expansion needs falling smoothly.
The company now has skills that go beyond public hospitals in some of the provincial capitals, while the network has completed 90% coverage and location in the provincial capitals.
80% coverage in the municipalities, and the new ten-year strategy 1+8+n will continue to deepen the network of firms with hierarchies. 3) The development of the medical and research system and the talent development programme will bring ophthalmology to companies and industries, providing human and technical support for rapid expansion.
Over 6,000 ophthalmologists in health-care institutions under the umbrella of the Fund, accounting for about 1/8 per cent of the country ' s total ophthalmologist, have a significant concentration of talent. 4) Sustained innovation has laid the foundations for the company ' s long-term development. Companies have caught up with new development opportunities. High-end ophthalmology ratios have reached high levels and are still on the rise; corneas are still on the rise.
Plastic mirrors are the backbone of the company’s light industry and are expected to increase its prices; innovative and specialized clinics, such as dry eye clinics, continue to introduce new technologies and lead new ways, taking advantage of the global layout. The ophthalmology track continues to expand, and El leads the industry.
1. Demand: The gradual increase in the ageing of the country and the gradual spread of unhealthy lifestyles have led to an increase in the incidence of eye diseases among the population; the increase in per capita consumption expenditure and the increase in awareness of water have led to an increase in the population ' s attention to eye health and the high demand for ophthalmological health services.
(b) Supply: the State has consistently encouraged the establishment of health-care services and has focused on the development of the eye-health sector. Private eye-care institutions have developed rapidly, but per capita access to ophthalmological resources is still lower than in developed countries, and quality health-care resources are scarce.
There is a steady increase in size and a low penetration of the track by segment, which continues to expand the sector's development. (4) Trends: tactile, high-end service transformation leads to an increase in the unit price of customers, and emerging paths such as eye treatment, old flower surgery, etc. are future growth points and market space is wide.
The company is an absolute leader in private eye care, and the new decade will be able to improve the organization of the hospital according to the 1+8+n strategy, build a world-class ophthalmology centre, maintain the pace of performance through in-house growth and out-of-hospital M&A expansion, build barriers to doctors' resources through the Medical Research Innovation Platform and achieve the long term.
Risk management in hospitals under the umbrella of M & A funds; risk of medical accidents; underdevelopment of new hospitals; risk of large-scale outbreaks; increased industry competition; 1 eye chain leader, growing fast and steady
The 19-year high-quality ophthalmology chain of the Kingdom, the pioneers of private eye care, and the 19-year-old development of a textbook entitled "The ophthalmological chain" of private ophthalmology. The El Eye Hospital Group Inc. was founded in 2003 and successfully created after nearly two decades of practice and exploration.
For the second year in a row, the company was selected for “Clean-China's top investment-value firm, 50%”. In 2009, Elmetical was listed as one of the first 28 businesses to be listed on the business board, when the company was already in 12 provinces.
There are 19 serial hospitals in the city, and sufficient funds have been made available to increase their expansion. The company has focused on talent development. In 2013, it began to build the Medical Research Platform. In cooperation with the University of China and South China, it has set up the El Eye College to develop high-level ophthalmological talent. In 2014, it established the El Eye School in cooperation with the Hubei Institute of Technology.
Development of a visualized undergraduate talent: In the same year, the Industrial Merger and Purchase Fund was set up to form a two-wheel-driven expansion model called “Inner Growth + Outward Merger and Buy.” In 2015, the company launched a global strategy to create and acquire a fully-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong, El Queen, an Asian medical group. In 2017, the company acquired the United States millwang Eye Centre and the largest company in Europe.
Bavarian ophthalmology is the only ophthalmology chain in the world with two publicly listed companies in China and Europe. In 2019, the company introduced a strategic investor, Laxy and Gaussin Capital, to build on its global thinking and successful experience, helping to internationalize itself and acquiring 56.53% of Singapore's ophthalmology group shares in the same year.
In 2021, the company formed a system of “eight houses” and “three stations” at the heart of the “Ten Houses”, and the M & A fund has grown up and the company’s branding has grown in influence. Chart 1 shows the history of El ophthalmology development.
By the end of 2021, the company had a global deployment of 723 health-care institutions, including 610 in China (292 under the Shanghai Corporation, 318 under the Industrial Merger Fund), 7 in Hong Kong, China, 1 in the United States, and 1 in Europe.
93, 12 in South-East Asia. In terms of penetration, the company now covers 80% of the local municipalities (targeting 90% in the future), and the company is continuously exploring the layout of the district hospitals. Over the next decade, the company will continue to move into the 1+8+n strategy - building a world-class ophthalmology centre, 8 national or regional ophthalmology centres, and n provinces.
The size of the group’s operations and the depth, height, breadth, and density of its coverage are expected to increase further.
The controlling person, Chen Bong, holds 15.81% of the shares directly in El ophthalmology, and indirectly 35.07% of the shares in El ophthalmology, through its controlled Al medical investment group Limited, holding 50.88% of the shares in total. Chen Bong, Li Li, as senior management, holds 56.12% of the shares in total, which is highly consistent with shareholder interests.
1.2 The old hospital is strong, the new hospital is rapidly climbing, and according to its inception, the hospital inside the company is divided into the old hospital and the new hospital. The old hospital is the hospital that was established before the company went on the market.
The eight hospitals that represent the old hospitals, namely, Huhan-El, Shaan-El, Chang-Shah-El, Shen-Yan-El, Chongqing-El, Guangzhou-El. The new hospitals were built in 2009 and incorporated into the established hospitals through self-built, M & A or from the M & A fund, with the task of opening markets and expanding brand power from the beginning of 2009 to the beginning of the year.
At the end of 2021, there were 275 new hospitals in the inner part of the company, 113 in overseas hospitals (including Hong Kong), which were well-known, represented by Shenzhen Ayre and East Shao Yire. The old hospitals have matured and maintained high-quality growth.
The urban core hospital, with the exception of Longzhou El (opened in 2008), has been operating for more than 15 years and, with the exception of the last two years affected by the epidemic, the hospitals have maintained an income growth rate of about 10-20 per cent, highlighting the branding effect of the old hospital and its strong endogenous growth capacity, and with the expansion of the Dragon Head Hospital and its future integration.
The old hospital will continue to build up its capacity. Through a decade of deep sedimentation, it has created a good local reputation, with a high level of profitability and net interest rates of about 15-30% for hospitals, well above the company average.
The M & A fund has acquired new hospitals in three ways, benefiting from the growing corporate model of standardization and branding effect, and in recent years the new hospitals have performed well, the slopes have been very rapid, and a number of hospitals are now profitable in the second year of operation and have achieved higher-quality development in the years to come.
During the year, the share of income from the core old hospital decreased from 69.7 per cent to 29.3 per cent, and the share of net profits decreased from 42.7 per cent to 18.0 per cent, indicating that the company has achieved significant results in standard replication, that many new hospitals are moving into a fast-growing phase, and that the share of income has increased, giving new impetus to the company ' s business development.
The new hospitals have evolved into mature hospitals, of which East and Shenzhen are among the top 10 hospitals for net profit. The new hospitals have gradually become the backbone of the group hospital system, supporting the company’s strategy for its continued expansion in the future, and the corporate brand is expected to grow in influence, creating virtuous cycles and growth wheels.
1.3 Business volumes have risen rapidly since they were listed, the epidemic has not changed, and business volumes have remained at a high rate of growth, highlighting strong managerial capacity and business levels. Sustained expansion in the scale of operations and higher volume prices have led to high growth in corporate performance.
The Division maintained a growth rate of 18.72% in revenue and 26.15% in net return profits, and corporate recovery and growth in the post-epidemiological era was strong. Profitability and cost control remained stable under rapid expansion.
At 45% or more, the net interest rate remained above 10%, and the rapid decline in the Māori rate in 2012 was caused by changes in accounting standards, after which the company benefited from an orderly expansion in size, a steady increase in Māori, a gross usage rate of 14.53% in 2021 and a financial cost rate never exceeded 1%.
The company’s two core business lines are high-morigin kurning and visualization. The kurning, visualization, and cataract business has always been one of the company’s three main business lines, with high-end custom-made kurning operations like full flight seconds, icl, cornea mirrors, etc.
In 2021, the company earned $5,520 million, or $2,191 million, or 22.52 per cent and 14.61 per cent of the company ' s total revenue. In 2021, the company earned $5,52 billion.
The Māori ratio for the tangent and sight operations reached 58.95 per cent and 58.04 per cent, respectively, for the cataracts, the immediate and behind-the-eye operations Chart 16: The Māori ratio for the sight and sight operations is much higher than for other operations Chart 15: The light and sight are two of the company's core business (billion yuan)
2 Supply and demand drive the widening of the ophthalmology track, Ael keeps up with the trend, overall leading markets 2.1 Aging population and severe eye health conditions contribute to growing demand
In recent years, the country ' s demographic ageing has been increasing, with an increase in the number of people over 65 years of age, according to the National Statistical Office, reaching 201 million people in 2021, or 14.20 per cent of the population, and an irreversible trend in the ageing of the population.
As ageing deepens, the incidence of eye disease, such as cataracts, diabetic retinal lesions, will continue to rise, and the number of cases will continue to rise. Young people’s nearsightedness is becoming a major disease, and the state of eye health is a matter of concern.
According to a previous study by the World Health Organization (WHO), China has the world’s highest rate of near-sightedness of 600 million people. According to the findings of the National Children’s Youth Survey of 2020, published by the National Commission on Health and Welfare, the overall rate of near-sightedness among our children and adolescents was 52.7% in 2020, an increase of 2.5 percentage points from 2019.
The 6-year-old population is 14.3 per cent, the primary school population is 35.6 per cent, the secondary school population is 71.1 per cent, and the secondary school population is 80.5 per cent.
The health-care costs per resident have increased from 2010 to 2010 according to data from the National Statistics Office.
The increase of $1490 to $5112 in 2020, with an average annual compound growth rate of 13.12 per cent, is still at a lower level than in developed countries, and as further consumption increases in the future, potential demand for ophthalmology will continue to translate into current 2.2 policies to support the development of private hospitals, and medical resources will need to be replenished.
In recent years, the State and provincial and municipal levels have gradually introduced policies to support and guide the development of specialized hospitals, which have provided ample space for the organization of health services. In a context of good policy, private ophthalmology institutions have increased their penetration in the general market for ophthalmology hospitals and eye disease.
The concept of treatment and prevention is gaining ground. In a context of increasing attention to eye health, the audience for eye care has expanded, and policy documents have been introduced and made available to guide and promote awareness-raising and awareness-raising among children and adolescents in order to achieve early detection of eye disease and timely referral for intervention.
All aspects of the development of treatment services, the expansion of ophthalmological resources and the extension and quality of ophthalmological care services, have been rapidly developed under policy guidance. The ophthalmology is more independent in terms of equipment, clinical processes, and most eye-related examinations have achieved visualization, dataization and standards.
Compared to the general hospital, the equipment input of the ophthalmology specialist hospital, site inputs, etc. are at a moderate level, entry barriers and other serious specialist medical care (e.g. tumors) are lower, but some start-up funds are required to operate a single hospital, and new entrants still have certain thresholds, but first entrants have a prior advantage, and can do so.
The market for ophthalmology services has developed space for social capital; and, with policy encouragement, private ophthalmology services have developed rapidly. The number of ophthalmology hospitals in my country has increased from 397 in 2015.
In addition, increasing attention to ophthalmological medical education has led to an increase in the number of ophthalmological medical professionals over the past few years, with the number of ophthalmological medical professionals in China increasing from 39509 in 2015 to 45542 in 2019, and Cagr 3.6 per cent.
The number of ophthalmologists (persons) in China is rising rapidly, the number of private ophthalmology hospitals is still scarce, and the number of ophthalmologists and ophthalmologists is growing every year.
But the per capita ophthalmological resources are still lower than in developed countries for reasons of our large patient base. According to Freud Stallion’s estimates, based on International Council of Eye Statistics, the number of ophthalmology hospitals per million people in China was only 0.7 in 2019, well below Japan (18.9), the United States (2.0) and the United Kingdom (4.1).
Developed countries; moreover, in 2019 the number of ophthalmologists per million population in China was approximately 32.5, which is also far lower than in developed countries and regions such as Japan (127.0), the United States (72.1) and Europe (56.0). We have a relatively low percentage of oral ophthalmologists or ophthalmology hospitals and a high potential for future growth.
The number of ophthalmological hospitals (houses) designated for the country’s population of up to one million in the year 242019, and the number of ophthalmologists (persons) in the country/area’s population of up to one million in the year 252019, is growing rapidly at 2.3 ophthalmological health-care markets, with a strong breakdown of track growth, and a strong demand for ophthalmology has led to a sustained increase in ophthalmology operations.
At the beginning of the year, the outbreak affected and slowed down the number of outpatients in 2020, but the epidemic only delayed the patient ' s return, and the number of ophthalmological inpatients increased in tandem with the number of outpatients. According to analysis by the National Health Board and Frost Sullivan, there were 6.2 million hospitalizations in Chinese ophthalmology institutions in 2019, 9.6% in 2015 ~ 2019cagr and 2020.
As a result of the outbreak, the disruption of patient activity and limited access to medical resources, the number of hospitalizations in 2020 is expected to drop to 8 million in 2024, and the market for eye care has expanded rapidly and the industry continues to be high as the volume of operations continues to rise.
According to data from the National Health Board and Frostsley, the market for ophthalmology services in China in 2019 was 12.75 cagr 11.0%, and the market is expected to reach 223.1 billion yuan in 2024. The ophthalmological gold track covers the entire life cycle.
Sub-specialties such as light, cataract, glaucoma, and so forth, ranging from visualization of young people, kurning operations for young people to treatment for common eye diseases in old age, the related operations are expanding and cover the entire life cycle.
In terms of current trends in industry, sightings, draughts, cataracts and dry eye operations are the main areas of competition within the industry, as compared with 21.3 per cent, 18.1 per cent and 16.8 per cent, respectively.
With the emergence of new technologies, the luminous track is expanding. Thanks to the country’s huge population base of near-sighted patients and the gradual increase in consumption, the practice of medical visualization is gradually becoming widespread, with the market for ophthalmology services being set at approximately $22.81 billion and the market at 2015–2019cagr at 26.2%.
For $5.80 billion, 2015 ~2019cagr 29.6%, it is expected that the future medical visual market will continue to maintain a rapid increase in the attributes of the cornea plastic mirrors themselves. The corneas mirrors are a non-surgical method that uses rigid lenses to temporarily correct or eliminate malignities, reversibility of the cornea curvature, usually between 8 and 40 years of age.
Most of the patients are used to correct the rapidly growing vision of young people. In effect, cornea plastic mirrors are now recognized by the medical community as the most effective method for correcting the eyesight of young people. On a price basis, the cost of cornea plastic mirrors is around $10,000 per unit, significantly higher than the products of frame mirrors, soft contact lenses, etc. that are commonly used for near-sighted correction.
In addition to the lens itself, the daily use of the lenses requires the necessary care, such as fluids, rinsing fluids, lubricating fluids, bins, etc., and the high cost of single stacks with the necessary accessories, which form the basis for a good track. The cornea plastic mirror is replaced on average for a period of one to two years from the time of consumption. In addition, the required care fluid products are replaced with the same frequency.
Household consumption is higher. The high rate of contemplation of corneas mirror users is sticky. Research shows that corneas mirror users reached 98%, 73%, and 44% respectively for 3-4 years, 5-6 years and 7-8 years, so that the corneas mirror market is still blue and has a low penetration rate and is new to the industry.
The Guide to Visual Control states that long-term use of cornea-shaped plastic mirrors can slow progress of approximately 0.19 mm/year in the length of the eye axes (1 mm per eye-axis, or 275-300 degrees per eye), which can effectively slow the naked vision of young people compared to wearing frame glasses. Although the visual correction of the cornea mirror is significant, it is still not widely available in the country, and root is still not available.
According to data from the Chinese Medical Devices Industry Association and the optic branch, the consumption of cornea plastic mirrors in 2015 was 6.43 million accompanies, and the market size of the cornea plastics end market was at least 6.43 billion yuan in 2015, at an average cost of 10,000 yuan per pair, compared to 0.51% per cent in 2015 and wide market space.
The market share of the epidural plastic mirrors is growing at a rapid rate of 44% of the average annual compound growth, and as the approximation of the cornea mirrors is gradually regulated, the technology matures, client recognition will grow, and penetration will increase rapidly. El ophthalmology is precipitating the corneal plastics market, which sees high growth in income from light operations.
2015 ~2019cagr 26.2 per cent, with revenues from El ophthalmological operations reaching $1.93 billion in 2019, a 30.7 per cent increase on the same year, higher than the market rate; annual income growth slowed to more than 40 per cent for the El ophthalmological ophthalmological operations due to the effects of the epidemic in the first half of 2020
2.2.2 Lean light: Growth is rapid, business is at the middle and upper end, and El ophthalmology is on the top of the trend. China is now the largest country in the world, with a strong desire to take stock of its population. On the one hand, China sees force as a rigid requirement for recruitment, police, air force, etc., and, on the other hand, with its ability to consume.
Increased demand for face value, quality of life, etc. There is a stronger desire to dissipate. With a higher level of awareness, krypton surgery as the only means of decoupling and correcting the phenomenon in the near-sighted population, the White Paper on Near-Virtual Surgery shows an increase of nearly 75% in the number of near-sighted surgeries in 2020 compared to 2018.
But China’s near-visit penetration rate is still low compared to that of Europe and America. According to the White Paper on People’s Near-Visual Surgery, in 2020, only 0.5 per 1,000 people received near-visit surgery in China, compared with 1.7 in the United States, 1.1 in Europe, 2.9 in South Korea, and only 1/4-1/3 in Europe and America.
China’s kurning market has expanded rapidly and is expected to break 70 billion yuan in the future. China’s kurning surgery has expanded rapidly, from 5.90 billion yuan in 2015 to 18.7 billion yuan in 2019, with 32.3% chronology cagr. The penetration rate is low due to the large base of the country’s near-sighted population, as the kurch surgery progresses.
The usual near-sighted operations include lasers and crystal implants (icl) and laser operations, including surface surgery and panel surgery dominated by lasik, half-fly second, full-fly second. Surface surgery is a relatively early near-sighted operation and is now phased out, with near-sighted hands.
As the country's economic development and consumption have escalated, many of our near-sighted patients have not only sought to see, but also to see better. The near-sighted surgery has moved towards a safer and more personalized approach. In 2020, the number of personalized near-visit surgeries increased by 53% over the 2018 period.
El ophthalmological high-end and high-speed. In 2021, full flight second surgery was 45-50%, half-fly second was 25-30%, icl was 20-25%, and other low-end surgery was proportional.
Less than 5%, the company ' s high-end technology ratio has been increasing in recent years and will continue in the future, with the overall trend of high-end operations increasing at a faster rate than the average growth in the kurning business and continuing, with the firm ' s fine sculptures (high-end personalized semi-flys) being introduced in recent years the fastest in all operations.
Chart 37 The full-scale medium-to-high-end of El Cortech's operations: Cataracts: Visibility is growing rapidly, health care costs are contributing to the rapid growth of cataract surgery.
Over the past decade, the State has issued and implemented a number of incentives for universal access to cataract surgery, promoted by government and private charitable organizations such as the Million Cataracts Rehabilitation Project and the Health Express, with a national cagr of approximately 16.90% in 2012-2018 and csr in 2018 (the rate of cataract surgery per million population)
The above targets. Despite the rapid increase in the penetration rate of cataract surgery in our country, there is still a large gap between developed and some developing countries, with the United States reaching 11,000 in 2011, France reaching 10690 and India reaching 5090, so that there is still room for a significant increase in the penetration rate of cataract surgery in our country.
The market for cataract surgery has grown from 11.1 billion yuan in 2015 to 19.5 billion yuan in 2019, cagr 15.0% in 2019; limited screening activity, influenced by health care costs, cataracts, has had a gradual impact on the rate of growth in low end cataract surgery in 2019.
Slow down to 10.57%. Although the rate of increase in cataract surgery has slowed as a result of the health insurance fee, the continued increase in future ageing will result in increased demand for cataract surgery, the transition to a high-end technique will increase the average cost of surgery, and the company is expected to shift to a high-end Cataract surgery. In response to the impact of health care costs on cataract operations, the company will have an impact on cataract operations.
The barrier business has been adapted from a combination of cataracts (low-end) to distilled cataracts (medium- and high-end), and research has shown that the high end of the company ' s cataract business currently accounts for 30% and the low end for 25% ~30%. As a result of rising consumption, patients are increasingly able to opt for higher-end treatments, while the high-end technique is not covered by health care.
The impact of the control fee. After a technical upgrade, the company ' s cataracts increased significantly, and in spite of the epidemic, the rise in the price of the passenger unit was the main driver in 2020. As the company ' s related business matures, the cataracts are 2.2.4 sharp: the track is in the start-up phase and has great potential.
The patient's base is huge, and physiotherapy is not widespread. The stem eye disease, also known as the cornea dryness, is caused by a number of factors, and the main symptoms of the drying of the eyes are tear-disrupted eye disease, often manifested in a dry eye, a different person's sense, a burning sense, a red eye itching, a blurred vision, a painful wind, a fear of the light, and a severe loss of corneas.
According to the Central Data Report, the incidence of dry eyes in the country is about 21-30%, the potential number of dry eyes is about 360 million, the number of dry eye patients in outpatient clinics is over 30% of total ophthalmological consultations, the first common eye disease in ophthalmology clinics, and with the spread of electronic products it leads to eye habits.
For reasons such as change, the number of dry eye patients may increase by 10% per year and there is a trend towards rejuvenation. Currently, research and development of drug-related equipment in the foreign market is well under way, whereas in the domestic context, eye disease has only just received attention, using medication as a common treatment at this stage, but the current clinical use of drugs can only alleviate the symptoms of dry eye discomfort.
It is difficult to achieve cures, and different types and degrees of dry eye need individualized treatment to achieve better results. As people become more aware of eye disease and their ability to consume it, a large number of patients are expected to seek physiotherapy to achieve better results.
El ophthalmology has taken the lead in building a system of intensive eye care. The company has been operating a dry eye clinic since 2014 and has been upgrading it in recent years, focusing on outpatient care and building a system of prevention and control of slow and dry eye disease.
In addition, El ophthalmology has built a system of full-level eye treatment services with more than 20 dry eye treatment programmes such as "Full dry eye spa", "Light dry eye therapy" and "Frozen lipiflow thermal therapy" in Synchronous International, targeting different patients with seven-step treatment for dry eye types, levels and causes of illness, life eye habits, etc.
"Eye" is created, individualized treatment programs are developed. Chart 43 "Ellgan Eye Services." Figure 42 "Ellan Eye Clinic" "Seven-Step Treatment."
2.4 There are a lot of track players, Al rides the dust out, and there are a lot of ophthalmological track players and competition within the industry. Public hospitals, because of their reputational advantages, are higher in the patient’s mind, more competitive than private hospitals, but they are limited to their public attributes, and their size is difficult to expand further.
With regard to private ophthalmology, El ophthalmology outnumbers other companies in terms of layout and size, with the largest market share, the absolute leader of private ophthalmology. El ophthalmology now has a level of technology beyond public hospitals in some of the cities, and the main competitors are the top ophthalmology hospitals in the country, represented by peer ophthalmology centres in Beijing and others.
3 Innovative models that lay the foundation for high-quality growth 3.1 Continue to deepen the development of the Medical Science and Research Platform, with in-house and in-house training leading to the creation of 10 colleges, eight, three stations, three centres, two bases, one platform, and the formation of the Medical Science and Research Innovation Platform.
For many years, the company has focused on the integration of clinical, pedagogical and scientific research. Since 2013, when the University of China and South China was first established in cooperation with the University of Central and South China, it has been working with 10 national research workshops to bring together the teaching staff and scientific capacity to develop medical science in synergy.
In December 2021, the new generation of open and innovative artificial intelligence in Changsha City, the therapeutic-aided diagnostic system, was established to focus on medical support.
In the area of diagnostic aid systems, building a new generation of open artificial intelligence platforms with high technological innovation capabilities, efficient transformation of results, and a significant share effect, building on the advantages of ophthalmological resources, artificial intelligence algorithms and smart equipment development. Through a series of layouts and constructions, the company now forms “10 Houses, 8 Houses, 3 Stations, 3 Centers, 3 Centers,”
The two-base, one-platform innovation platform for medical research creates a full range of advantages. Chart 45, "Ten Houses, Eight, Three Stations, Three Centers, Two Bases, One Platform."
A number of training programmes have been developed, such as the Xiangjiang Project, which has continued to improve the internal training system and has provided sufficient human security for the rapid development of companies by training a large number of health-care, management and complex personnel. At the same time, the company has implemented a global ingenuity project to bring in more than a dozen world-class ophthalmologists, and people from all over the world.
The remaining leading ophthalmologists from across the country have gradually introduced and trained more than 1,000 leading medical personnel, as well as a large number of personnel in hospital management, medicine and nursing, using the globalized layout of El ophthalmology to create an internationally integrated “best habitat” for high-level personnel.
The strategic training programme for groups such as Plan Peng, which trains core health-care managers for a total of 25 sessions, covering 870 people, constantly enriches the core team of specialists and the talent of hospitals. The concentration of talent is evident, and academic and scientific capacity is significant.
The number of ophthalmologists in the company grew at a rapid rate of about 1,000 per year, reaching more than 6,000 by 2020, accounting for one-eighth of the total number of ophthalmologists in the country; there was a steady increase in the number of highly educated employees in the company, with 1,547 masters and 272 PhDs in the company in 2021.
The construction and improvement of the human resource development programme of the Medical Research Platform has also helped companies to increase their capacity to build their own blood, while also helping them to increase the thickness and depth of their scientific research.
The M & A fund plus partner model drives the expansion to full speed.
Starting in 2014, the company started setting up a M & A fund and launching a partnership scheme to create an innovative outreach model and a talent incentive model. The M & A fund model addresses financial bottlenecks in the expansion process and achieves a fast-track layout.
The relevant provisions of the strategy, 1) the company co-finances and solicits from outside the industry M & As fund with less funds and third-party investment agencies; 2) the use of the broad social resources of the M & A fund and a strong reserve of funds for rapid, accurate targeting of quality targets or rapid promotion of new hospitals; 3) the new hospital is carried out under the umbrella of the M & A fund
Three to five years of nurturing, during which El exports brand names, standardized management systems, shares marketing resources and accelerates in vitro hospital development; and (4) acquisition of mature, profitable hospital shares to be incorporated into the body, with third-party investment institutions losing profits.
Chart 50 The M & As model The M & As model promotes the rapid expansion of El. To date, El and his subsidiaries have invested in more than 10 M & A funds and signed a Trade Mark Number Permit Agreement with 11 M & A funds to obtain trademark numbers
There are 320 licensed hospitals. El holds around 19% of the M & A fund, augments the investment capacity of the company through the Industrial M & A fund, solves financial bottlenecks in the expansion process, and provides more targets for future expansion. With the establishment of the M & A fund in 2014, the growth of the company has increased significantly, with the number of hospitals in the body rising from 2014 to 2014.
At the beginning of the year, 50 hospitals were expanded to 292 by the end of 2021, and as MFA hospitals matured and a large number of hospitals were not yet integrated into the public company, Earl would still be able to maintain faster coverage throughout the country.
The partnership plans include: (1) recruitment of qualified core management and core technical talent as partners in a limited partnership; (2) co-investment by the company in the establishment of new hospitals (including forms of establishment, merger and expansion); and (3) management by the core talent team.
The partners receive a great deal of returns from the new hospital, which has reached a certain level of profitability, and from which it has been incorporated into the listed company. The partners’ incentives include the development of the new hospital.
The partners plan to fast-track the new hospital, because the partners plan is managed by the core.
In addition, partners registered with the hospital in August 2014 and officially opened in December 2014, with a net profit margin of 22.6 per cent in 2016.
Income grew at a rate of 127.6 per cent and thereafter maintained a high-quality growth, with core staff, such as the director, ceo, chief of section and so forth, continuing to function in the hospital.
To create a national hierarchical chain of ecology, and to increase the extent, breadth and depth of the medical network. As the primary level of diagnosis and referral progresses, the focus on health needs continues to sink, market opportunities and space expands at the grass-roots level, and El ophthalmology is developing in order to address the “hospital difficulties” caused by the asymmetric distribution of demand and supply.
It has also created the "Center City Hospital - Provincial Capital City Hospital - Local City Hospital - District Hospital".
Upgraded; junior hospitals, through the corporate branding effect, quickly get visitors at the grass-roots level, form local brands, and expand impact and penetration rates. Clear positioning and functional communication between hospitals are highly suited to China’s circumstances and market environment, increasing resource-sharing efficiency and the high, wide and deep network of hospitals.
In order to maximize the potential of key urban markets and increase market ownership, the company is continuing to build a network of horizontal peer-to-peer clinics in the city of the capital city, with a view to creating “horizontal and vertical networks” in several provinces.
The distribution of resources within the region is further improved and shared. Technical support is provided to lower-level hospitals, where patients with difficulties can be referred to higher-level hospitals by group specialists, optimizing resource allocation and facilitating patient access, and building local slogans to form local flagships.
The ophthalmology of Hong Kong, the Mingwang ophthalmology Center of the United States, the European clinicabaviera ophthalmology group, and the South-East Asia ese ese ophthalmology.
While leading ophthalmology institutions such as the Science Group, companies have built a global ophthalmologist ' s group platform through the Internationalization Platform, through El Global Visual Health Management Ltd., and advanced in-depth collaboration with national and international ophthalmological research institutions in research, management, etc., to deepen the integration of advanced international health service concepts and cutting-edge technological systems to learn high levels
End-of-service models, advanced medical technologies, and management experiences. Globalizing eco-strategies enable companies to develop high-end medical services, set up world-class science, talent, technological innovation platforms, promote “sharing of global ophthalmological wisdom” and build Internet ecology to extend medical networks.
In addition to the country's vast geographical area and large population, which still has a number of areas where the needs of patients cannot be met, the epidemic will continue, with limited movement and timely access to diagnostic services in many areas, while ophthalmological care can be used to provide free connectivity, cross-geographical treatment, academic sharing and co-benefits for patients.
The company has set up a cloud service platform, which includes the types of services such as “online consultations”, “self-diagnostics”, “knowledge education”, “online shopping malls” and provides services through self-developed software systems, smart ophthalmological devices, etc.
The new ten-year plan promotes the 1+8+n strategy and continuously improves the network of level-based consultations. To date, the company is building a new site for the Sha'all Eye Hospital, which is expected to move to a world class in July 2022.
The ophthalmology centres in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Chongqing, Shenyang, Wuhan and the new hospital sites are either under construction or have been opened, with a target of eight ophthalmological centers at the national or regional level, as per the ten-year layout. In addition, the company has almost completed 90% coverage in the capital city of the country, 80% coverage in the local city, and the company will continue.
Continue to deepen the network, explore the model of district hospitals, and sunk the grass-roots pilot for medical resources. Therefore, the network of public and departmental level clinics will continue to be improved in the future, and the height, breadth, density and depth of the network will continue to increase.
We split Al's income according to the business block, with projections for the tangent, visual, cataract, immediate, back-of-the-eye, and other operations. This can be divided into icl, full-fly, half-fly, and others. The visuals can be divided into k mirrors, mirrors, frame frames, nursing fees, and others.
For the Project, we believe that the share of income from the medium- and high-end hands has increased, that the operation of the old flowers is in the development and expansion phase, and that it can continue to grow at a certain rate; for the Cataract Project, we believe that there is an upgrading of the technique, but still some of it is a health insurance project, with a steady rate of increase;
The growth rate is expected to slow down in the future, owing mainly to the delayed demand caused by the epidemic in 2021; the expected slowdown in the future, owing to the higher rate of growth in the light business in 2021, but it will continue for some time; the high rate of growth, with the Ok mirror and the off-the-focal mirror being the new growth point; and the stability of other operations, special clinics such as dry eye projects.
From a corporate perspective, El ophthalmology is currently the world’s largest ophthalmological chain and ophthalmology service leader, with far greater size and pre-empowerment than the industry, building on a long-standing brand.
The monument, the deep bottom and the mature model of standardization, which continues to take over the market, has completed 90% coverage of provincial capitals, 80% coverage of local municipalities, making it difficult for other competitors in the industry to open up their markets, creating a natural increase in competition. The M&A fund+partner model has broken the “brainpower, capital” of the expansion of private chains.
The family expanded to 292 by the end of 2021, and the company M & A fund continues to open markets for the company. There are 318 hospitals under the umbrella of the fund, and the need for future expansion is well under way. The continued ecological improvement of the hierarchical chain has enabled the efficient allocation of medical resources for the company, focusing on the development of key regional clinical research capabilities, the formation of technological highlands, and access.
Technical support to lower-level hospitals raises the overall level of clinical care, while extending tentacles, reaching more hospitals or outpatients, improving the accessibility of medical services, and bringing suspicious diseases up to speed, getting visitors, taking advantage of the market. In the next decade, the company will continue to promote the “1+8+n” strategy and build a world-class eye.
Heart, eight ophthalmological centres at the national or regional level, continue to build a network of provincial and municipal hospitals, drive the development of local and municipal hospitals, and promote the piloting of sub-district hospitals for medical services, at which time the Al's network will show further improvement in its height, breadth, density and depth, leading to high-quality growth in multiple dimensions.
Even though the ophthalmology track itself is more focused on "equipment, light doctor" in the health-care industry, the company has been working through the construction of the MED platform over the years and through multi-level talent development programmes.
In 2020, the number of company ophthalmologists exceeded 6,000, accounting for about one-eighth of the country ' s ophthalmologists, with a clear concentration effect that creates a barrier to talent; technically, companies have achieved the advantages of globalization, shared global ophthalmological wisdom, introduced advanced technology from abroad in a timely manner, and improved corporate health care as a whole.
In 2021, many of the company's health indicators met national standards for the selection of third-level ophthalmology hospitals, and in some provincial capitals, there are more than public hospitals, and the country's ageing is increasing from the point of view of the industry as a whole, and the population's perception of health remains critical.
As a major ophthalmological country, the penetration rate of ophthalmology services is still low, a large number of diagnostic needs have not yet been met, future market space remains to be opened and, as the population's consumption capacity and awareness of ophthalmology services continue to rise, the number of outpatient and inpatient visits to ophthalmology institutions has grown rapidly in recent years, with the spread of new technologies and ophthalmology.
Medical services have been upgraded to higher levels, showing an overall upward trend in prices. According to Frost Sullivan, the market for eye care in China was 127.5 billion yuan in 2019, with an average annual compound increase of 15.0 per cent between 2015 and 2019, of which the overall market size of the Chinese medical visual market was approximately 228.1 billion yuan in 2019, and between 2015 and 2015.
In 2019, the cagr was 26.2 per cent, and it is expected that the future medical light market will continue to grow at a rapid rate, with a projected 18.0 per cent in 2020-2025, with new near-sighted orthotic technologies, such as cornea plastic mirrors and near-focal mirrors, bringing new growth points for visual services; China ' s kurning surgery is growing faster, with a market size of 5.90 billion yuan in 2015.
Expanding to $18.7 billion in 2019, the cagr period was 32.3 per cent, with a relatively low penetration rate due to the country ' s high perceptible population base, which will continue to grow at a higher rate in the future with the further spread of the tangential surgery, and it is expected that from 2020 to 2020 there are still many new treatments to be developed on the Cceles, with most business penetration rates still low and future market space
El ophthalmology, based on the forward layout of each segment of the track, has always gone beyond the industry, bringing a sustained endogenous momentum to the company from the end of the business. At present, the company’s high-end technology ratio has reached a high level and is still rising; the cornea mirror is the company’s main light-seeing business, and is expected to increase its prices; and the innovation opens up a dry eye.
Specialized clinics, such as outpatient clinics, continue to introduce new technologies, taking advantage of the globalized layout, and lead the new track. At the policy level, the State has always been explicit in its support of social health care and eye care, consistent and continuous.
The development of private health-care institutions is, in turn, more beneficial for high-quality private health-care institutions, such as El ophthalmology. Moreover, El ophthalmology’s high-end presence in various operations has led to a smaller share of health-care income, less influenced by changes in health-care policies, and less overall policy risk.
The ophthalmology track is the golden track, and El is the absolute leader of private eye care, and we believe that the company will continue to improve the hospital layout in line with the strategy of 1+8+n, build a world-class ophthalmology centre, provide a sustained acceleration through in-house growth and expansion of hospital extensions and acquisitions, and create barriers to doctors' resources through innovative medical research platforms.
The M & As fund manages risks in hospitals: by participating in the M & As fund in the investment industry, the company licensed its investments, the establishment of hospitals using the company's brand name and the name “El”, and the authorized use of branded hospitals is less regulated, allowing for risk events such as violations, medical accidents and medical disputes to affect the company's overall brand image.
Risks of medical accidents: medical complexity and professionalism determine certain risks inherent in the operation; at the same time, there may be a certain degree of subjective one-sidedness in the patient ' s limited knowledge of the operation, perception and evaluation of its post-operative effects, which may lead to medical disputes, and the company has always maintained a better quality of medical care, medical disputes, medical care
The incidence of therapeutic accidents is relatively low, but the absolute number is likely to rise as the number of outpatients and surgeries continues to grow. New hospitals are not growing as much as expected: new hospitals in the body may slow down the overall growth as they develop prematurely.
The risk of recurring outbreaks: current domestic and foreign outbreaks, and companies as global ophthalmological institutions, are expected to affect the company’s performance in the future. If the epidemic is not effectively controlled or released in the future.
There has been a massive rebound, and the company’s business performance remains uncertain. Industry competition has increased: in recent years, several private eye chains have been placed on the market, and competition has intensified. While companies are the largest and competitive players in the world’s largest eye chain, there are a large number of ophthalmologists, and companies are partially permeating.
Market investment and secondary-market research experience. Contact person: Chen Jiuji, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the health-care sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.