On August 16th, 2017, Chuan Fian Research
Incidents: China Connect revealed the mix-up program on August 16, 2017. The only group-wide mix-up pilot: China Connect was the only group-based mix-up unit in the first batch, the most comprehensive one, and put pressure on the company to make the mix-up a success.
Market-based institutional mechanisms, including a diversified board structure, market certificate number: s1100517700003 on selection and management of managers, all-production landscape contracting, etc., institutional reform will improve efficiency
We have measured China ' s connectivity at the end of 2016.
The gap in the quality of mobile communication networks with China has been converted to about $50 billion in construction capital, with 77.9 billion in strategic investors, and China’s connectivity is projected to be able to fill the network’s short-quality board within two years.
Corporate dynamism has helped to significantly increase the network competitiveness of connectivity in two years, with China Connect and China moving mobile business with a difference of 433.2 billion in 2016, the previous 433.2 billion being revenue gaps, and mixed-up + trans-networking with 433.2 billion means space for growth.
Four categories of strategic investors: four groups of 14 strategic investors have not only provided companies with sufficient capital to build, but also complementary advantages and opportunities for innovative cooperation. Investment proposals: The semi-annual 2017 report shows that China Connect is on the path to healthy development, and that it has been transformed into China.
The League of Nations has brought with it ample capital for construction, institutional reforms, extensive cooperation, pressure and power, and a tax exemption for Fukuda Fukuwa on the 6th.
China Free Trade (Sichuan)
Innovative business development may be less than desirable. Innovative business is new business, with a low market share, a small market volume, and a large scale.
Using legally compliant information, the report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and opinion.
Recommendations or views are directly or indirectly relevant.