China Connect performance forecast for 2017. China Connect (600050.ch/RCD 7.47, closed, with no rating) has seen a drop in profit since mid-2015, with 212c mode gradually rising; new operations such as video, cloud computing have increased.
Business costs, such as precision marketing models, lower sales costs, and end subsidies, are closely linked. Since last year’s top card series, with high-quality Internet channels, companies’ users’ access costs have dropped significantly.
This year, companies continued to accelerate their 212c strategy, not only by launching cooperative products with major Internet companies, but also by extending to industry clients such as business banks. The cost of companies is expected to fall by about 3% in the first half of 2017 compared to the same year, with 4g users being added.
Over 34 million, the precision marketing cooperation and the expansion of user contacts brought about by the 212c strategy, with a low-yielding effect on 4g business development and income upgrading, has begun to emerge. Emerging business has increased investment and corporate development has added momentum.
Big data, videos, etc. represent input into the new business and make some breakthroughs. For example, 12.2 million video collars, with more than 4 million active users per month.
The provinces have built 320 rooms, have more than 100,000 cabinets, and have joined forces to launch a hybrid cloud solution. The company’s business revenues last year have exceeded $7 billion, and this year is expected to sustain a high rate of growth.
It's also strategic and proactive, and it's going to be a way to boost the company's future revenue growth. Wu Yu Wen is about to launch, and the state's corporate poles are on the rise.
It's the only one with a listed company, i.e. the core group assets, that is, the bulk of the change. It's rare. It's a signpost for a new round of state reform.
Not only will there be bright spots such as the strategic investor status to be introduced, the ratio of equity concessions and the scale of financing, but it is also expected to include reform designs such as core employee holdings, and the publication of the overall programme will certainly become a market entry point that will help the enterprise optimize its resource allocation and stimulate the subjective dynamism of its staff, thereby achieving sustainability in corporate performance.
As one of the country’s three largest players, the company’s 212c strategy leads the way to a shift in the user development model, constantly reducing business costs, such as sales costs and end subsidies, and contributing to 4g business development and income enhancement through precision marketing cooperation, expansion of household contact points.
Big data, videos, etc., represent new business, and gradually achieve business breakthroughs, which are expected to lead to a combination that helps companies optimize resource allocation and stimulates the subjective dynamism of their employees, and whose mix-up programmes keep the market up to date. We suggest keeping abreast of the latest developments in the company.