China Connect is finally on track, and performance is on the upswing. China Connect (600050) evaluates all-system reforms and medium-term performance in 2017. Meanwhile, China Connect publishes its semi-annual 2017 report, " Fulfilling Camps " .
\triangleright, China United, as the only group-wide hybrid pilot unit, introduced powerful strategic investors.
China Connect will use a stock company as a platform to increase the number of new shares and to transfer some of the old ones, as well as to award restricted shares to core employees. When the mix is completed, China Connect Group shares in a share will be 62.7%.
To 36.7%, the newly introduced strategic investors will hold 35.2% of the shares, the employee’s equity incentives will be diversified, and the board will be allocated 6 (State-owned)-4 (private)-5 (independent directors).
Four major categories of strategic investors introduced by China Connect: China ' s top four Internet companies (Tengtong, Pekdu, Ali and Kyung-dong), vertical industry companies (Sunning Clouds, droplets, Netside Technology, Friends Networks and Ei-Yong century), Kim Banking Enterprises and Industries Group (China Life, China Chinese Car), Industrial Funds (former Sea Mother Fund, China State Corporation)
China Connect works with the four Internet companies Batj in the areas of retailing systems, access, content aggregation, home Internet, payment integration, cloud computing, big data and networking: cooperation with vertical industry companies focuses on physical networking, cdn and system integration: with the financial sector,
The cooperation of industrial groups is concentrated on the industrial Internet and payment finance; cooperation with industry funds is based on more interfaces with the large number of industrial, local and private enterprises that invest in them, and joint efforts to explore opportunities for cooperation and promote cooperation to win.
China ' s connectivity performance is on the upward track, with capital spending remaining constant at $45 billion for the year as a whole. China ' s overall connectivity performance has continued to improve, with the main operating income of $12,4106 million, an increase of 3.2 per cent compared to the previous year ' s year ' s previous year ' s, while net profits have been realized as planned and have improved significantly, with net profits of $2,446 million, which has increased on a year-on-year basis.
68.9% China connects effectively to a cost-driven revenue-generating business model, with diversified flow-type products (2i2c, 2b2c, ice cream, etc.) meeting the needs of the segmented market. The first six months of China Connect grew by 34.62 million users, of which 2i2c charged 20 million and 6 million users tested for free in the first month.
At the same time, China’s connectivity will maintain capital spending at $45 billion in 2017, with capital spending falling sharply to $9.1 billion in the first half of the year, and will increase capital spending investment in the second half of the year, precision investment, demand-driven investment, and a major focus on cities and 4g networks.
JUNG, team leader. Ph.D., China Oil University Business School, p.m.; with nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, 2016 Yang Jian, master ' s degree degree, nine years of industry experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, etc., joined the Chinese people in August 2015
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent of any third party.