The company has officially launched a mixed ownership reform programme: the introduction of large Internet companies, the vertical industry.
As strategic investors, leading companies, powerful industrial groups and financial enterprises, as well as industry funds, are proposing to award about 850 million restricted shares to core employees, with plans to raise funds and significantly increase performance in the first half of the year, with a marked improvement in profitability: in the first half of 2017, the cumulative number of mobile users of companies reached 269,448,000, with a net increase of 5.626 million.
The firm growth in the number of users has led to significant growth in the company’s main income and profit levels. The company has effectively transformed its cost-driven business model, which has led to a 5.2% increase in income from mobile services under low-user development costs and thin subsidies, exceeding industry averages: moving account users arpu to RMB 48.0, a significant increase from RMB 46.4 in 2016.
During the reporting period, companies were fully engaged in the transformation of business models, with both business costs and sales costs falling in relation to the same time, and effective cost control was achieved. The mix-up programme was settled and the corporate equity structure optimized: a mixed ownership reform programme
Formally introducing Internet company giants, vertical industry leading companies, financial firms, production funds, etc. as strategic investors, with plans to raise $78 billion in shares. Strategic investors pledge about $9 billion in new shares to Connecta and buy 1.9 billion in Connecta shares to Connect Group companies, which together account for 34.9 per cent of the expanded issued shares.
The net amount raised will be used for 4g capacity enhancement, 5g-group technical validation of related operations and network pilot commercial construction projects, innovative business construction projects, mix-up, and all funds raised will be channelled into the operations of the Red Fundraiser.
Innovative business is expected to work further with strategic investors. 1. The largest group is the Internet.
Areas; 3 and 3 financial enterprises, focusing on financial operations such as payment finance; 4 and 4 are expected to make sustainable progress on diversification worthy of closure Industrial funds will contribute to the full expansion of cooperation models, business models and capital dimensions
2. China's connectivity: short-term profit pressure, build up, and overall improve the company's overall competitiveness in the new situation.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: current high-speed data flow consumption is mainstreamed, cloud computing and large numbers are in place.
+4g penetration increase + control rapid penetration of new technology applications such as data, physical networking and artificial intelligence, and high innovation integration operations
By transforming companies into leaders of state-owned business reform, mixed ownership reforms will create significant new strategic opportunities for corporate development.
The outbreak of business will have a sustained positive impact on companies, with a “buy-in” rating.
Companies officially issue a mixed ownership reform programme: they introduce Internet company giants, vertical industry leading companies, strong industrial groups and financial enterprises, as well as industry funds, as strategic investors, and plan to raise about $78 billion in shares. Of this, companies intend to issue no more than 9,037 million shares to strategic investors.
More than $61,725 million: approximately $1.9 billion in shares in the company held by the Connected Group were transferred to the Structural Adjustment Fund agreement at a cost of $12,975 million; no more than 848 million restricted shares were first granted to core staff, raising 35.19 per cent. The net amount raised will be used for 4g capacity enhancement, 5g group network technical validation and network testing.
Commercial construction projects, innovative business-building projects, all the funds raised by the conversions will be channelled into the operations of the Red Cross Corporation. Of the private-sector investors introduced, China’s citizens will hold around 10.22% of the total, and China’s private-sector investors will hold about 10.22% of the total.
In addition, the company has introduced a core employee holding scheme to award approximately 850 million shares to its core staff. 1.2. The company ' s equity structure has been optimized to help stimulate internal momentum.
But the board size has changed, with six state-owned representatives from various fields, four private representatives, and five separate directors. The new shareholders will bring in capital while introducing new management concepts, combined with incentives such as core employee equity incentives, bottom-out incentives and competition mechanisms that will stimulate the efficiency and motivation of the company’s operations.
To break the “big business disease” and achieve sustainable corporate development.
The company is expected to work further with strategic investors in its innovative business once it has become fully operational. 1, the largest group is the Internet giant, the cooperative direction is focused on retailing, home Internet, object networking, cloud computing, big data, etc.: 2,
Two vertical industries, focusing on systems integration, cdn, integrated services; three, three, industry groups and financial enterprises, focusing on industrial Internet and payment finance; and four, four, industry funds, which will contribute to the full expansion of cooperation models, business models, and closer cooperation at the capital level.
The creation of growth points and the overall improvement of the company’s overall competitiveness in the new context are significant in terms of the size and incentive of the core employee holding scheme.
Core managerial and professional personnel with direct impact on the performance and sustainability of municipal companies (excluding directors and senior managers)
Total profit growth in 2017 is no less than the 75-segment level for enterprises in the same industry; (1) Main operating income in 2019 is no less than the second unlocking period of the principal operating income benchmark in 2017
(1) Main business income in 2020 increased by no less than 20.9 per cent compared to the revenue base of the main business in 2017 and by no less than the average of enterprises in the same industry in 2019;
1. The first large-scale employee-equity scheme for telecommunications operators, which reflects the firm will of the State to advance the reform of State enterprises and its willingness to give more autonomy to enterprises, with significant policy dividends;
Core managerial and professional personnel that have a direct impact on the performance and sustainability of listed companies, but which do not include senior leadership, also reflect the firm's determination to move forward with corporate performance;
In the next three or so years, the company will return to its current levels of profitability in China’s telecommunications, reversing the company’s embarrassment of years of subservient performance in telecom operators. The transformation will bring short-term dividends to the company, and medium- and long-term dynamic development.
The linkage-driven mix-up program is largely based on the central approach of “improved governance, enhanced incentives, enhanced ownership, improved efficiency” and is undergoing far-reaching reforms in the areas of institutional reform, incentive systems, and increased competitiveness of the main industry. We see the mix-up as short-term improvements in cash flow and financial costs.
China’s total liability is more than 360 billion, it borrows more than 100 billion in the short term, it is nearly 20 billion in the year, and the debt is larger. Since the massive construction of 3g, the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities has increased from 50% to more than 60%, and in the country’s billions of dollars, China’s connectivity can improve cash flows and ease the difficulties of borrowing new debts for old debts; and it can save every year.
2. In the medium- and long-term, linkages between institutional reforms and business innovation include three aspects: institutional efficiency enhancement, personal dynamism and the establishment of corporate governance systems, among others.
First, the core of the mechanism is to address the efficiency of State-owned institutions, improve their efficiency, and create small and flexible institutions. Second, to stimulate individual dynamism and harmonize the interests of individuals, enterprises, and shareholders. Finally, to regulate corporate governance structures and establish boards that can achieve checks and balances. This reform will result in substantial reforms in these areas.
The Division has also negotiated with the National Investment Commission and the UNDP Development and Reform Commission (DRC) rigorous indicators that allow for the right to hold shares only if the goals of income growth, profit growth, and roe growth are met. On the operational side, there is a split between stock operations and incremental operations.
In the first half of the year, the 2i2c operation developed 20 million user-paying and 6 million pilot users, with an estimated 45-50 million users per year, with a marked improvement in the user structure. But more important, China Connect relies on a mix of strategic partners to improve overall competitiveness in idc/cloud computing, ict, video operations, big data, object networking, etc., and to speed up new and emerging operations.
2. The first half of the year saw a significant increase in performance, a sustained improvement in overall development, a marked improvement in profitability and effective cost-control.
The company released its mid-2017 report, which recorded a decrease of 1.5 per cent in the previous half-year of $13,816 million; the parent ' s net profit was $778 million, with a cumulative increase of 2,694,448 million in the reporting period, representing a net increase of 5.626 million households. Of this total, 4g recorded a net increase of 16.85 million. The company ' s key performance indicators continued to improve, income steadily recovered, and income from the main battalion reached the population.
The currency was $124.11 billion, an increase of 3.2 per cent in the same year, and the profitability of ebitda, a rise of $43.7 billion, a rise of 5.5 per cent in the same year; ebitda, an increase of 35.2 per cent in the income of the main business, an increase of 0.7 percentage points in the same year; and the net profit increase of 74.3 per cent and the net profit increase of 81.5 per cent in the non-mortality. At the same time, companies promoted the business model as a whole.
The transition, with both operating costs and sales costs falling at the same rate, resulted in effective cost control. Dynamic flow operations, with income from mobile services growing beyond industry averages.In the first half of 2017, companies, led by flow releases, actively promoted the shift of products to flow-type products and data flows
A rapid growth in the volume of business. Total mobile Internet traffic amounted to 2,533.3 million mb, an increase of 326 per cent in the same year; mobile phones received 42.9 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 22.9 per cent in the same year.
10%, presage that the company has become the most innovative telecommunications operator in the country’s user structure. Companies have effectively transformed the cost-driven income-generating business model to achieve a 5.2% increase in income from mobile services under low user development costs and thin subsidies, exceeding industry averages; mobile account users arpu reach RMB 48.0, which is significantly higher than the RMB 46.4 in 2016.
Upgrade. We're concerned that although the value of arpu is not high among users of the 2i2c operation, except for the ice cream package, it is also significantly higher than the original level of arpu for 2g users, Figure 3: Growth of income from mobile services
Figure 4: Comparison of income growth in mobile services with industry averages Active engagement with Internet companies and rapid growth in innovation, while at the same time taking advantage of big data advantages, active collaboration with Internet companies and in the focus on innovative business sectors
Rapid growth is now taking place, with better growth of the idc/cloud computing, ict, video operations, and so on. It is expected that new and emerging operations will grow faster with the collaboration of the major strategic partners.
Rapid penetration, rapid growth in innovation integration, and wide scope for industry development. By becoming a leader in state-owned business reform, mixed ownership reform will create significant new strategic opportunities for corporate development.
Competition increases risk; speed-down fees affect profit-level risk; and the mix-up programme does not advance as much as expected.