At the time of correction, there was a huge scope for growth, and the implementation of the mixed transformation programme was accelerated: on 16 August 2017, China United issued the mixed transformation programme, which resulted in the transformation of the China Connecta equity structure: Connect Group Inc. (36.7%),
Strategic investors (35.2 per cent), employee equity incentives (2.7 per cent), public shareholders (25.4 per cent), Divisions (Tseng, 100 per cent, Alibaba Group, Gyeongdong), vertical industries (Suning Clouds, Kuang-chi, droplets, friends, Internet-based technology (300017), fit for the century (300310), and Kim
Enterprises, industrial groups, and industry funds. The company will give more attention and motivation to talent and will award 850 million restricted shares (at a price of $3.79 per share) to core employees.
The Division, in consultation with the United Red Cross Corporation, subscribes to the United Red Cross Fund shares, including through targeted sales or participation in the supply of shares, injects all the funds and completes internal and external clearances.
Business is well developed, with idc/Cloud calculating revenues amounting to $5.8 billion, a year-on-year increase. Capital spending was maintained at $45 billion in 2017, with investment focused on precision investment, demand-driven investment, ensuring network competitiveness and client perception, with a major focus on cities, 4g networks,
Focusing on regions with high stock asset utilization and high investment return commitments, there was a lot of room for growth at the time: the corporate shift was aimed at “better governance, enhanced incentives, departures, efficiency gains” through the introduction of strategic investors and the creation of sound and efficient institutions.
Corporate governance mechanisms and market-based incentives to improve efficiency and create better shareholders and workers returns. Cooperation with Internet companies, vertical industries, innovation, etc. can grow and develop together.
The main areas of cooperation are retail systems, channel contacts, content aggregation, family networking, payment finance, cloud computing, big data, networking, cdn, system integration, industry connectivity.
China Connect, as the only group-wide hybrid pilot unit, gives a higher value to Beijing’s north wing, northbound 9th Street.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.