China Connect Mixed Ownership Reforms Programme Evaluation: State Enterprise Changed Trees, Strategic Financing for the Future
China Connect (600050.ch/RMB7.47, closed, with no rating) as the only group as a whole, has introduced powerful strategic investors, achieved strong alliances, fully leveraged external resources and capabilities, and broken through business development bottlenecks with innovative business cooperation models,
The company announced a mixed ownership reform program, which aims to raise the sum of RMB 78 billion in equity funds.
Strategic investors will subscribe to 9 billion shares of China’s connecteda shares, 100%, Ali Baba, Tentseng, and Tokyo. Investors will also include Suning, Tikdi, Chinese life, Chinese Chinese cars, Internet technology, friends, Ei-Yi-Yi, mainly the big Internet company, leading enterprises in the vertical market sector,
In addition to accepting 9 billion shares of China Connecta shares, strategic investors will purchase 1.9 billion shares of Connecta shares from Connected Group companies, which together account for 34.9% of the total equity issue. The price is RMB 6.83 per share.
In the first pilot units, the company was the only one with a stock marketed company, i.e., the group core assets, and the company's mixer, not only had the introduction of strategic investor status, the share transfer ratio and the size of the financing.
The China Connect 2017 performance advance announcement points review contains reform designs such as core employee shareholding, which have a stick-up effect on the new round of state enterprise reform. Under the mix-up programme, companies will transfer an additional 9 billion shares to strategic investors, and 850 million shares to core staff.
We believe, through a mix of schemes, qualified securities investment consultancy, companies will create synergies with new strategic investors, help them optimize their resource allocation, and stimulate them.
Fund-raising is invested in upgrading operations, and institutional reforms are reinvigorated. The $78 billion that companies have raised this time will be used mainly for 4g capacity enhancement, 5g group network technology validation, and innovative business building projects.
The company needs at least $50 billion in funding to improve the quality gap between mobile communication networks and friendly businesses and to develop innovative business, and mixed financing will fully address this funding gap and facilitate the company's entry
At the same time, following the implementation of the blending programme, the company’s board of directors will be restructured into a structure of 6 state-owned directors, 4 private directors and 5 independent directors, with a constructive and effective counterweighted multi-consumption board to help the company manage better.
Cheng Xianxian will establish a relationship of benefit-sharing and risk-sharing between employees and businesses, which will facilitate further motivation. For companies, a mix-up program not only solves the company’s ability to improve its business capacity.
The gold problem is more likely to provide companies with more flexible and sophisticated management and personnel mechanisms, thereby providing a dynamic boost to the rapid growth of the public administration. Connected giants are creating synergies, deepening vertical industry breakthroughs.
As strategic investors, the four major Internet giants in Ribaba, Tseng and Kingdong are expected to generate significant synergies, mainly in terms of innovative operations and products where companies can draw on the experience and capacity of Internet enterprises; and in new and emerging business such as the Internet Network, cloud operations and so forth, where companies join forces with Internet enterprises.
Outreach; in business development, companies can increase their efficiency of channels and attract younger users. In addition, companies have introduced century-friendly, web-based technology, droplets, etc., that have deep cultivation in the vertical sector. Together, they have developed synergies in goods networking, cdn, system integration, etc., by opening up to each other.
Platforms to strengthen industrial chain cooperation, build new business models that allow companies to build up their performance in the future The company, as the only group-wide hybrid pilot unit, brings in powerful strategic investors, achieves strong alliances, leverages sufficient external resources and capabilities, and breaks through innovative business cooperation models
It is a bottleneck in its own business development that actively reforms its institutions, implements more flexible management and personnel mechanisms, and adequately enhances the subjective motivation of its staff, which is expected to lead to overall improvements in corporate efficiency and move the company into a fast-track development model. We look forward to the company moving forward in its operations after the implementation of the mix-up programme.
It is recommended to follow closely the latest developments in the company. In addition, the vertical industry, represented by the century-old (300310/ch/RK12.60, no rating) partners, also through their participation in corporate transformations, consolidate the business-networked industrial chain of their goods networking platforms.
At the core, and even deeper into the innovative business development of the operator, there is ample room for business growth. So we also recommend that attention be paid to strategic investors in mixed programmes like the century.