Incident: China Connect issued an advance performance announcement for the first half of 2017, attributed to the mother, with a significant increase in performance in the first half of 2017, but still under pressure: China Connect's net profit for the first half of 2017 attributed to the parent company.
This is a significant increase, but the absolute level of performance is still small, while the announcement mentions that the second half of the year will be faced with the elimination of long-distance travel costs in mobile countries, increased competition in markets, and some pressure on performance growth. The potential for growth is high: China Connect lost $4.58 billion in operating profits in the fourth quarter of 2015, and China Federation.
In the first half of 2017, the net profit attributable to the parent company was small but profitable, and the company was on the path to healthy development: we predicted that the elimination of the cost of long-distance travel in the country would not have a more than 200 million per year since the China connection, with less impact; and that China Connect had been developing a 4g network since 2015.
The competitiveness of its mobile communication network has improved significantly, while companies are currently preparing for a mix that would generate tens of billions of dollars in construction capital and an institutional mechanism to stimulate the dynamism of the company.
The net is officially commercial, and this is an incremental business for China and a large market space for the future, with a large number of companies that, according to their operations, are developing rapidly, with wide space for applications in areas such as mail collection, location planning, etc., and a mixed landing can greatly facilitate the more rapid development of innovative operations such as physical networking and big data.
Investment Recommendations: China Connect is on the path to healthy development, mobile data operations are growing strongly, mobile communication networks are becoming more competitive, the mix rate is likely to generate tens of billions of capital for construction and to increase the efficiency and dynamism of companies, and innovative operations such as company networking and big data are developing rapidly
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, hengsheng, 1000th of Lu's Mouth Road, and Fukuda's free of charge on the 6th.
China Free Trade (Sichuan)
Innovative business development may be less than desirable. Innovative business is new business, with a low market share, a small market volume, and a large scale.
Using legally compliant information, the report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and opinion.
Recommendations or views are directly or indirectly relevant.