Yonyou (600588 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB14.49
Yonyou hosted (2 April) an earnings conference call following its 2024 annual
(Previous TP
RMB9.08)
results. In 2024, Yonyou's total revenue reached RMB9.2bn, down 7% YoY,
Up/Downside
(3.4\%)
owing to postponed customer demand amid macro headwinds, and Yonyou's
Current Price
RMB14.99
strategy to promote the subscription business model with greater intensity. Net
China Software & IT Services
loss attributable to ordinary shareholders expanded to RMB2.1bn in 2024 (2023:
RMB967mn), mainly due to: 1) the decline in revenue generation; 2)
Saiyi HE, CFA
compensation provided to the employees that have left their jobs; and 3)
provisions for goodwill impairment. Management guided to strive for large-scale
loss reduction in 2025 through improving labour productivity and improving the
Ye TAO, CFA
quality and efficiency of product delivery. Although we remain positive that
Yonyou will benefit from increasing digitalization demand nationwide over the
long term, and think the international expansion plan should help revive revenue
Wentao LU, CFA
growth in the coming years, we remain cautious in the near term. The 40% rise
in its stock price YTD has largely priced in positive market sentiment regarding
Joanna Ma
incremental benefits brought by the "DeepSeek moment", in our view, and
concrete evidence on incremental monetization from AI is the next key to watch
to drive a further rerating. We lift our TP to RMB14.49 (was RMB9.08) based on
5.3x 2025E EV/sales, in line with its two-year average. Maintain HOLD.
Stock Data
Solid progress made in large enterprise customer acquisition. By the
end of 2024, Yonyou recorded 7 new contract wins from central state-owned
enterprises, bringing the total number of contract wins to 44. Revenue
Source: FactSet
generation from the core BIP3 product reached RMB3.14bn in 2024, and its
revenue contribution to total revenue was up by 2.4ppts YoY. The overall
Shareholding Structure
subscription revenue growth of 26% YoY was also higher than that of total
revenue, demonstrating an improvement in revenue structure. Subscription
related contract liabilities reached RMB2.31bn in 2024, up 25.9% YoY.
Share Performance
High R&D capitalization rate remains a concern. In 2024, Yonyou's R&D
expenditure came in at RMB2.1bn, flat YoY, which in our view demonstrated
Yonyou's effort in optimizing cost while maintaining investment to drive
product feature enhancement. However, R&D capitalization rate rose to a
record high of 52% (vs. 48/50% in 2022/2023, compared to Kingdee's 32%
Source: FactSet
in 2024). Although Yonyou suspended the disclosure of ARR contribution in
12-mth Price Performance
2024, it needs to improve ARR contribution and further optimize R&D
capitalization, to drive a better long-term profitability outlook, in our view.
The number of employees for Yonyou was 21,283, down 3,666 YoY (or 15%
YoY), and we expect the improvement in labor productivity to help drive
better operating efficiency ahead.
Maintain HOLD with a new TP of RMB14.49. We lower 2025E and 2026E
revenue forecast both by 18% to factor in slower-than-expected revenue
Source: FactSet
growth in both large-sized enterprises and mid-sized enterprises. However,
our TP is lifted to RMB14.49 based on 5.3x 2025E EV/sales (previously
RMB9.08 on 3.1x 2024E EV/sales), in line with its two-year average, to
factor in the industrywide rerating trend brought by more positive sentiment
on Al-related monetization.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.