q1 sales fell on schedule, and the company achieved $6,293 million in operating revenue during the reporting period.
20.86 per cent less than the same year; 33.48 per cent less than the same year for the realization of net profit of the parent company of $537 million; a steady increase in the Māori rate of 20q1 and a small decline in the net interest rate from active investment costs of $1.316 billion, mainly as a result of revenue recognition after delivery of the product; and a net cash flow of 619 million yuan from operating activities.
According to the National Statistics Office, the impact of the epidemic was 40% lower than in January-February 2020.
In March, there was a 21.5% decline in the overall 20q1 national beer production, which was 33% decline over the same period. In the face of difficult market conditions, Guo Xiaodong was active in dealing with the problem.
Inaccessible distribution, improvement of the “Web Supermarket + Official Flagship Shop + Authorized Distribution Specialized Shop + Micro-Credit City” electricity channel system, etc., cumulative sales of 16.3 million litres of beer through 20q1 were achieved, while thousands of litres, accounting for about 5% of the year, were more resilient to shocks on the part of top producers.
With the recovery of the former catering operation nearing 70% in the same period, as the season of consumption draws closer and the epidemic is brought under control and the consumption scene warms, it is expected that the sales will return to normal gradually, with priority given to opportunities for recovery.
We're keeping up with the "Standing Up" rating, 15th floor of the Central China International Center, 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, and China.
The dollar/unit corresponds to 34.62, 29.45, and 25.96 times more than the current pe. Given that the epidemic reached its worst point, a lot of action is expected to prioritize the benefits of a restorative consumption opportunity, maintaining an “enlarged” rating.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report and has no direct business agreement with the company.
The reader is not a client of this company, and the company has no responsibility for propriety. Before this report is publicly disclosed or agreed to by this company, it is classified material from this company, and if it is received by a non-client of this company, please return and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.