Sipphones are growing steadily, business earl roads are booming, q2 profits are higher than the ring, q2 is higher than double innovation, divisional conference products and cloud office terminal operations are growing rapidly, adding up to overseas Sip voice market demand, desktop terminal industry.
The Unit, in contrast to its 300-degree trend, has experienced a steady increase in operations, driven by higher performance in the corporate sector in the first half of the year than we expected, with limited upstream supply impact and volatile exchange rate fluctuations.
On the one hand, the impact of the shortage of upstream raw materials and the rise in prices has been mainly on individual high-end models in sip, with limited impact on corporate performance; on the other hand, companies have strengthened supply chain management, pre-positioning (with raw materials amounting to 63 million yuan at the beginning of the 20th year and 143 million yuan at the end of the 20th year) and have actively responded to adverse upstream impacts, while the company has a high level of monolithic phone penetration against it.
Downstream bargaining is strong, costs shift downstream, reducing the impact of upstream price increases and stock-outs on operating profits. Approximately 80% of the company’s revenue comes from overseas, and the RMB 21h1 appreciation (US$ 20h1/median RMB 6.06/median RMB 21h1 is 6.47) affects the company’s net profit by affecting Māori, and the company’s q2 profits remain single-season under exchange rate disturbances.
At the same time, non-recurring gains and losses have further increased corporate profits, with the projected impact of non-recurring gains and losses on net profits reported in the first half of the year amounting to about $95 million. Growing three lines and moving on.
\triangleright’s growth in performance stems from three main product lines: desktop communications terminals, conference products and cloud office terminals, desktop communications terminals are basic and conference products and cloud office terminals are marginal. (1) As corporate performance “barrel blocks”, desktop communications end
The end-of-service Māori ratio has been maintained at over 60% over the long term, with its main component, Sip, having a market share of 29.5% in 2019, ranked first in the world and expected to rise to about 45% in the future.
With high barriers, stable downstream demand and competitive patterns, companies continue to present high-end products and thus optimize their product structure, deep-seated, and maintain long-term competitiveness. In the second half of the year, with the easing of overseas epidemics, overseas demand has warmed back, stacked with raw materials, marginal effects have diminished, exchange rates have fallen, and company sip phone performance will remain high.
Model Development Conference product operations, deep binding of international markets with Microsoft, Zoom and others, branding advantages, targeting of vertical industries by suppliers of domestic market-based products, short-term viewing of the cloud-catalyzed office climate
Upwards, and in the medium to long term, business mixes will become a new norm, with high demand for cloud office products and expected fast growth in product operations over the next three years. (3) With regard to cloud office terminals, corporate commercial earl products have high levels of reuse with voice technology used on telephones and more than 70 per cent with traditional sex operations and a good channel base.
Well, the after-effect advantage is clear, there is greater scope for profitability, and future revenue performance has a higher potential than expected. In the recent past, the Department has set up an Industrial Investment Fund, with a business income growth rate of no less than 30% on a year-on-year basis, which also reflects the company’s commitment to the 100 million network (300628.sz): the creation of an industry investment.
Capital funds, high-level targets reflect increased competition for business continuity industries; higher prices for upstream raw materials; exchange rate fluctuations.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from Shanghai High School of Finance from Shanghai Transport University, Fu Yin Fei, Chief of Communication, Master of Arts from Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of Deep Farm Communication, Jue Hua Technology Ltd., Wireless Communications
Research and Development Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, and Cloud Calculus Senior Outreach Manager, Allied Democratic Securities, 2020. The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, fair, and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.