vcs and sip over-expected, cloud office terminal operations are expected
The impact of the new crown epidemic has gradually subsided, with company market demand recovering steadily in the first half of 2021, and business start-up strategies gradually demonstrating performance. At the same time, companies have actively taken steps to address challenges such as rising costs of raw materials, and consumer operations have made some progress while ensuring that vcs andcip are on track, in the first half of 2021.
Annual operating income and net profits are growing faster, and we maintain the company’s profit forecast for 2021/2022, with a new margin of valuation, and maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company. *Sip and vcs are growing steadily, cloud terminal operations are emerging, and performance is expected to be higher than expected.
The company ' s operations and vcs, based on a wide range of compatibility and stable quality, have evolved into their own business barriers and, over the years, have developed a large number of valuable technical partners and clients, such as Microsoft and the clients of major operators, which has kept the company in a position of industry leader and steady business development.
Personally mobile office eels, etc., for cloud office terminal products, mainly for personal office scenes in business communications, with both business users and individual users. With the development of unified communications, the cloud office terminal market, which is used in conjunction with the unified telecommunications platform, has been created. The impact of the new coronary epidemic has made mixed offices a new trend.
Corporate Information Update - Multi-product layout, i.e., staff members are able to experience effective communication and collaboration, whether on their way to office, home or on their way to travel. This is a continuation of the breakthrough, promising marginal improvement in performance throughout the year.
This has accelerated the development of the market, and the system of channels of sharing of cloud office end products with ops, vcs, is now beginning to emerge. As the Europe-US epidemic recovers, the likelihood of corporate growth abroad will increase.
Corporate Information Update - Three Quarterly Performance Merit with Expectations, High R & D Inputs Safeguarding High Income Quality