21H1 performance grew robustly, with profitability strained by 37.42 per cent; net return earnings of 806 million yuan, an increase of 24.92 per cent over the same period; net profit of 711 million yuan was deducted from non-mortality, with robust performance growth and earning capacity strained
Faced with adverse factors such as exchange rate fluctuations and the rising cost of raw materials, the company achieved operating income of 907 million yuan for 21q2, an increase of 64.65 per cent in the same year and an increase of 22.07 per cent in the ring; net profit on repatriation was $432 million, an increase of 54.52 per cent in the same year; high technical barriers + stable patterns of competition and continued growth in desktop communications terminal operations
Billion dollars, or 20.02 per cent more than the previous year, and 69.26 per cent of total revenue; Māori rate, 63.87 per cent, representing a decline of 29.5 per cent over the same period, is expected to be the world's largest market share in the future, and is expected to rise to about 45 per cent. Sip phones, high technical barriers and customer barriers, stable downstream demand and competition patterns, and companies continue to optimize production by launching high-end products.
In the second half of the year, with the easing of overseas epidemics, the warming of overseas demand, the accumulation of upstream raw materials, the weakening of marginal influences and exchange rate declines, company phone performance will continue to grow at a high level. Conference products and cloud office terminals will be rapidly released, and there will be much room for growth in the future.
\triangleright achieved revenue of $403 million in corporate conference product operations during the reporting period, an increase of 98.64 per cent in the same year and 24.4 per cent in total revenue; and $104 million in corporate cloud office terminal operations, an increase of 131.86 per cent in the same year, with an increase in business share
To 6.29%. Companies develop conference products on a cloud-plus-end basis, are deeply tied to Microsoft, Zoom, etc., in international markets, build branding advantages, target suppliers of domestic market-based products for a segmented vertical industry, see how the cloud-catalyzed office is going to be in the short term, and in the medium and long term, a hybrid office will become a new norm.
Research Assistant: Fu Jin Fei Clouds office products are in high demand and is expected to continue their fast-growing performance over the next three years.
Over 70%, the channel base is well established, and subsequent advantages are evident, and there is greater scope for profitability and future revenue performance than expected. In the recent past, companies have set up industrial investment funds, with business income growth of no less than 30% on a year-on-year basis, and the goal is also an expression of their confidence in sustained business growth.
Human Communications Network (300628.sz): Watch the company’s core global competitiveness in the area of unified communications and the long-term development space for videoconferencing. We have a steady sip phone, and we have a long way to go.
2. The Alliance Network (300628.sz) should be 46x35x/27x, the pe hub since the company was listed is 38x, and the high valuation can be absorbed by performance growth, event evaluation: establishment of an Industrial Investment Fund, high-level evaluation
Marked as an expression of confidence in the sustainability of business - increased competition in the industry; higher prices of upstream raw materials; exchange rate fluctuations: Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., obtained the Chinese University of Science and Technology
B.A., Shanghai Transport University, Shanghai Advanced School of Finance, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, 12 years in Deep Farm Communication, U.S.U.T., former Wireless Communications Research and Development Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Senior Cloud Computation Solutions Outreach Manager, technologically sound and rational.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.