Basic operations are steadily developing, cloud office terminals are building new and dynamic networks (300628.sz) 23/08/2021
The company released its 2021 h1 report, which collected 1.650 billion yuan (+37.42%) from the company ' s 1st battalion in 2021; and, in the first half of the year, the dollar depreciated significantly, with exchange rate fluctuations having a certain impact on the company ' s operating income in the first half of 2021. Market demand recovered in the first half of 2021 as the global new crown epidemic subsided, and corporate business start-up strategies were in place.
At the same time, companies are actively taking measures to address challenges such as the rising cost of raw materials, making some progress in consumer business while ensuring the steady advancement of vcs andcip operations, achieving faster growth in both business earnings and net profits in the first half of 2021, and maintaining projections that we will be able to achieve a return in 2021/2022.2023
Growing and still having some valuation advantage, maintaining a “buy-in” rating for companies. *Sip and vcs are growing steadily, cloud office terminals are building new dynamics, and their performance is expected to be higher than expected.
Valuable technical partners and clients, such as major operators, have kept the company in the position of industry leader. During the reporting period, desktop communication terminals achieved operating income of $1,143 million (+20.02%), conference products of $403 million (+98.64%) and cloud office terminals established the product line since 2020.
The introduction of new items such as wireless headphones in overseas markets in the first half of the year also received better market feedback. With the development of unified communications, the cloud office terminal market, which was used in conjunction with the unified communications platform, was created.
The impact of the situation has led to a new trend of mixed offices, i.e. the development of, and the emergence of, cloud terminal operations, regardless of whether the staff are in the office, home or on the way to travel.
The vcs business-sharing channel system is now new and dynamic. As the Europe-United States epidemic recovers, corporate information updates abroad – multi-product deployments – are likely to grow faster than expected, and performance is expected to improve marginally.
Continuing breakthroughs, promising marginal improvements in year-round performance -