Aluminium prices fell, aluminium deep processing remained steady, the South Mountain Aluminium industry (600219) reported a quarterly evaluation, and the South Mountain Aluminium industry released its performance report for the first quarter of 2019 on the evening of 26 April.
The fall in the price of aluminum has dragged the company’s performance and the processing performance was relatively bright. The decline in profitability was mainly due to the fall in the price of aluminum, with 2019q1 at an average price of $135.03.6 per cent per year.
Tons, a decline of $708.3 per ton compared to the previous year. Processing has contributed significantly to the growth of corporate revenue, with the company producing 200,000 tons per year of production capacity continuously released from the production line of ultra-senior high-performance special aluminium alloy materials, and the delivery of bulk quantities during the same period of the previous year: the certification of domestic and foreign customers on the car plate has continued to increase.
The unit compares with the depth of 300, and looks at the profitability of the company from the process of deep aluminium processing.
The company will continue to focus on the development of high-end aluminium products, such as automobiles and aviation, and increase the value-added of the products. Automobile panels: have been certified through the BMW, General, Volkswagen, Fiat, Chrysler, Japanese, Hiroshima, etc.
Material certification. Aviation: Air passenger aluminium materials, certified as pressurized material product for wings a320 and became the only supplier in China that certified as pressurized material for aluminous aluminium alloys for air passengers; for aviation plates, the company has signed a five-year long-term agreement with Boeing, and in 2018 it adopted a Pompadi, a Chinese businessman.
Aluminium: The company ' s battery has been certified in 2018 by iatf 16949 Car Quality Management System.
We look forward to the company: 1) Aluminium deep processing will continue to raise the company's Māori rate and will continue to grow steadily; 2) The company Indonesia's 1 million tons Aluminium Oxide project will further cost the company aluminium oxide after construction is completed The division will maintain a "recommended" rating with a relatively low valuation.
1. In the South Mountain aluminium industry (600219), report: Aluminium high-end deep processing will drive growth.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of Democratic Securities, and Dr. Vanderbilt University of Finance Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, XueXiaoyang, and Master of Actuarial and Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,