Monument petrochemical, polyester industry leader, private petrochemicals, petrochemicals as one of the leading companies in the petrochemical-chemical fibre optics industry, controlled petrochemical integration project
A total of 40 million tonnes/year of refining capacity, a 20 million tonnes/year device was fully operational by the end of 2019, and a 2 million tonnes/year device will continue production in 2021. Of the company’s fully-owned subsidiaries, 2.1 million tonnes/year of petrochemical aromatic hydrocarbons, the holding and participating pta capacity currently stands at 13 million tonnes/year.
In addition, a total of 4.5 million tonnes per year of production of polyesters, bottles and film below the industrial chain, with significant advantages for the expansion project ZPs, policies and geography: China’s market demand for finished oils has peaked and supply and demand has passed.
There are still significant gaps in the market for low-sulfur fuel oils and aromatic hydrocarbons. The petrochemical project is designed to be oil-rich, and its product structure is consistent with the medium- and long-term development of the petrochemical market and the country’s strategic needs.
Oil station resources are essential for the end-of-term sale of oil produced by private refineries. Moreover, the ZP project is located in the canoe, with excellent port resources and proximity to the chemical products downstream of the China-East consumption centre, with significant geographical advantages.
The future aromatic aromatics and elevate filaments are expected to recover as the value of the chain of cash spreads again. In 2021, two new 3.3 million tons/year pta devices will be put into production, and the size and technology of the new productive capacity will be realized.
The advantage is that it is expected that the market share will continue to be seized, the backward capacity will be phased out, and industry concentration will increase. Based on the expectation of aromatic aromatics, polyesters, and the warming of polyester plates, it is expected that the company Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, significant fluctuations in crude oil prices, less-than-expected production of petrochemical phase two, repeated outbreaks of disease Chemical: chemical fibres
Corporate profiles: leaders in the polyester industry, private purification buoys, years of deep cultivation in the fibre optics industry, and in 1995 transformed into Promising Textiles Limited.
The shares of Yong, Lee Yongqing, Li Kuenqing, Xu Xu Xu Xu, Ni Xin-chun and Zhao Guanlong are limited on the basis of Yong Seong Cheong Cheon Group Limited. The shares were traded at the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 2 November 2010.
The main petrochemical business includes the development, production and marketing of various petrochemical and fibre-optic products, mainly of polycarbons and their downstream, aromatic hydrocarbons and their downstream, gasoline, diesel, kerosene, phenyldimethyl acid (pta), polyester (pet) slices, polyester (pet) bottles, pre-positioned silk (poy), scrubber (fdy) and paste (dty) and more than 30 types of products, which are owned in the country.
The first part is a polyester (pet) manufacturing plate, which can also be divided into fibre optics, bottles, and film products, mainly from parent companies, wholly-owned subsidiaries, vinyl vinyl, vinyl vinyl vinyl, vinyl vinyl modulus, and congener fibre plating.
The second part is an upper px-pta manufacturing plate in the industry, which is mainly produced and sold by the China-Golden petrochemical subsidiary. The third part is a refining integration project, which was built by a publicly controlled subsidiary, Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Zerochemical”), and the second phase of the device was set up in 2020.
In November, integrated petrochemical products will become operational. These include the two main categories of finished oil products and chemical products. They will also provide companies with a flow flow from the top-of-the-board crude oil to fibre-optic products, polyester bottle film products and resin rubber products.
1. Precipitated cauldron beans; 2. Light hydrocarbons: four cauldron beans; 3. Delayed cauldron beans; 4. Scatter oil with hydrogen devulcanized vegetable beans; 5. Additional oil with hydrogen hydrated vegetable beans; 6. Oil-catalyzed cauldron beans; 7. Oil-catalyzed cauldron beans; 8. Catalyzed gasoline with cauldron beans; 9. Catalyzed light gasoline hydrate cauldron beans; 10. Coal fine beans; 11. Oil oil oil pre-hydrocable beans; 12. Continuously reassembled beans; 13.aromatic vegetable beans; 14. Gas spring beans; 15.c3/c4 split beans; 16.mtbe vegetable beans; 17.cylated beans; 18.c5 squares; 19.c1/c2 separation devices; 20. double decombining devices; 21.sulfated four-packing devices; 22. Coalcone gas installations.
The significant increase in net return profits in 2020 was mainly due to the increase in returns from the first phase of a petrochemical project in which companies invested. The historical volatility in the Maori rate of company products was greater, with the highest Maori rate coming from aromatic products, but as the market supply gradually increased, the basic elasticity fell from a peak of 36.17% in 15 years to 11.22% in 2019.
The company’s business was reclassified. The combination of aromatic aromatics and petrochemicals in the former gold petrochemicals were classified as chemicals. Overall, the company had the highest Māori rate of 30.42 per cent of film products in 2020, followed by chemical and refined oil products, i.e., zolpidem and central gold petrochemical products, with Māori rates above 25 per cent.
The company’s first shareholder is Mr. Lee Hye-Wung, who owns 61.19% of the shares of Zhejiang Young Seong Group Limited. The company’s main business package includes refining, pta, polyester, and rubber resin (expected to be operational in 2021) and operates in different subsidiaries.
The Division includes Zhejiang Seon Yuan Cheong Lei Co. Ltd., Hong Kong Sheng Yue, Ning Bo Jing Seong Chemical Co. Ltd., Da Ying Yue Seng Cheong Seng Limited, Jing Seong Cheong Cheong Cheong Cheong China Ltd., Da Yung Sung Trading Co. Ltd., Dalian Kei Koo Trading Limited, Ning Bo Gold petrochemical Co. Ltd., Yong Shun (Shanghai) Chemical Co. Ltd., Foon Fung Cable Co. Ltd., Choosan City Fish Mountain Stone
Chemical Engineering Co. Ltd., Zhejiang petrochemical (Singapore) Pty Ltd., Zhejiang Yongtung Cybean Cyborg Materials Co. Ltd., Ningpo Sholm New Energy Co. Ltd., Zhejiang Insein Technology Co. Ltd., Zhejiang Pyrotechnics Co. Ltd., Zhotochemical Gold Pond Logistics Co. Ltd., Zhejiang Free Zone Ryun Trading Co. Ltd.
The company’s important joint venture or consortium includes Zhejiang Yue Sein petrochemicals Ltd., Hainan Yue petrochemicals Ltd., Ningbo Heang shun trading limited, Zhejiang Jingxin New Materials Ltd., Zhejiang De Yong Chemical Industries Ltd. The company’s main business cuts across the petrochemical industry, the chemical fibre manufacturing industry and the chemical products industry, and is also prepared to coincide with the high levels of crude oil in large commodities.
The cost side is strongly influenced by oil prices, while the demand side is inextricably linked to human life and consumption. The composition of product prices, as a middle-swap link in manufacturing, consists mainly of raw material costs combined with processing profits, and therefore the petrochemical industry’s prices are highly correlated with crude oil prices, especially when the “black swan” events are more volatile.
Related calculations, aromatics and ethanol and Brent crude oil price-related factors are above 0.8. Another feature of company-owned products is higher concentration, with px, pta and polyester bottles at more than 60% cr5. Industry monopolistic competition, leading firms are highly competitive and autonomous.
The concentration of the various varieties of industry is expected to increase even further, and private refining has emerged as an advantage, and private refining technology has been developed and efficiency has been given priority.
The focus of future oil demand will gradually shift from fuel to chemicals, and according to a 2019 study by the China Petroleum Group Institute of Economic Technology, " Current state of development of the global crude oil chemical project and analysis of the outlook for petrochemical products " , some companies have begun to lay the groundwork for this change.
According to the China PIC News Office, on 26 April 2021, the crude oil catalytic cracking technology developed autonomously by China's petrochemical Scientific Research Institute was successfully tested in the Yangzhou petrochemical industry to convert crude oil directly into chemicals such as light-forming maleic hydrocarbons and aromatic hydrocarbons.
The results of the light and heavy fractions, which resulted in separate catalytic fissions for the production of low-carbon hydrocarbons, and the introduction of a double-up tube reactor with a set of catalytic fission devices, with two lifting tubes of light and heavy distillation oil, each giving the most appropriate operational parameters to maximize the production of low-carbon hydrocarbons, have also been the subject of widespread interest in the recent market.
Early refining integration focused on refining oil production rates, with only 5-10% of crude oil converted into basic petrochemical raw materials. Medium-level refining was able to convert 10-25% of crude oil into basic petrochemical raw materials. According to the report of the Global Crude Chemicals Project and Analysis of the Future of Fossil Products, ExxonMobil was the first global crude oil direct herbyl device to bypass the refining process.
The oil process, whose production cost is $160/t lower than that of the scerebral oil route. Saudi Arabia’s new generation of Arab-American integration technologies have advanced to deliver the original oil directly to the hydrogen fission device, and the heavy-commodity component will also be used in the deep-catalysed fission device to maximize the production of acetylene, which will eventually be able to establish a conversion rate of nearly 50% of the chemicals at a cost of $200/t below the pecephalus.
The upgraded hydrogen cracking technology, in cooperation with the Global Corporation of Fronrums, has been able to increase the rate of conversion of crude oil directly produced chemical products to 70-80%. This is already the main direction of research and development currently being contested by leading oil refining companies around the world.
But industry starts at a significantly lower rate than the world average. By liberalizing the use of crude oil, nearly 140 million tons of backward refining capacity were phased out in the 13-05 period. But currently, 27 million tonnes/year of refining capacity remain in place for two million tonnes/year and below, and between 2 and 5 million tonnes/year of small and medium-scale regulation.
As a result, private major refining companies are expected to continue to benefit from an optimal industrial structure. While private and state-run refining have its advantages and disadvantages, our petrochemical industry is still dominated by State-owned groups, the additional refining capacity of the three State-owned groups in the future is limited.
Even small and medium-sized refineries may gradually exit the market. And the refining integration unit will continue to be in operation for the next three years. In the future, the current private major refining project, based mainly on the development of large polyester conglomerates, has expanded upstream from downstream polyester products, as it maximizes the aromatic and arytoline rates in the design of the device, and the core of the process, in addition to the paracetonic oil generated by the pressure-reducing device, is also being developed.
According to the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, the share of ethylene production in private enterprises in 2018 was only 9%, and with private refining, the ratio of private px to private px was, for the first time, more than 50% with the introduction of carbide and stellar petrochemicals. As can be seen, px was used as an upstream raw material for polyesters.
In addition to this, the private major refining end products are becoming too high-end and heterogeneous. In addition to the group ' s pre-existing polyester products, the downstream production of broths and aromatic hydrocarbons has also begun to plan for high value added end products such as engineering plastics, rubber products, and other fibre optic products such as nylons.
As a consequence of the price fluctuations of crude oil in 2020, Shanghai petrochemical stocks have been lost too much and less comparable, compared to 2019. As can be seen, the premium and cost of petrochemical taxes are relatively low compared to Shanghai petrochemicals.
The management cost rate is significantly lower than Shanghai petrochemicals, but the company’s R & D rate is 1.83% and Shanghai petrochemicals are only 0.09%. The product structure of Shanghai petrochemicals as an advanced representative of state-run refineries, whose finished oils account for a much higher proportion than petrochemicals.
As can be seen from the Māori rate, although the Māori rate for Shanghai petrochemicals has fluctuated considerably over the last 10 years, the overall Māori rate for oils is much higher than for chemicals. In the Profiling Table data for Glory petrochemicals 2020, the Māori rate for chemicals was 28.69%, slightly higher than for oils, 25.62%.
The rate is much higher than that of Shanghai petrochemicals. This also suggests that private major refining is not only consistent with the current market situation, but also helps to keep the product structure from becoming less oil-rich.
Figure 19. Structure of the petrochemical phase (based on primary capacity) The completion of phase two of the petrochemical phase after delivery will be the largest refinery in the country, and its refining capacity will also be ranked in the top five globally. Unlike traditional refineries, multi-chemicals are an important feature of the petrochemical project, and the rate of collection of chemical materials is around that of the country's conventional refining project.
There is still room for growth in China’s per capita demand for crude oil, as can be seen from bp’s latest published energy statistics report, which shows that per capita consumption of crude oil in China is much lower than in Europe and America; in the United States, per capita consumption of oil is more than 10 times that of China.
Downstream demand for crude oil is divided into two main areas, namely, finished oils and chemicals. As China’s economy continues to grow, there is still much room for future growth in demand for crude oil.
The world’s demand for finished oil is likely to slow down in the next 10 years. According to China’s Federation of Petroleum and Chemical Industries, the world’s demand for finished oil is likely to slow down.
The demand for oil will peak in 2025. Of this, North America and Europe may begin to experience a decline in the demand for finished oil earlier; and the Asia-Pacific region will continue to grow at a relatively significant rate, although the rate of increase in 2020-2030 will be significantly lower than in the previous decade.
Singapore is the centre for pricing the price of finished oil in Asia, and the recovery of gasoline demand is earlier than the demand for diesel than it is before the outbreak, but there has not been an outbreak or higher than the pre-epidemiological level, and the demand for finished oil in the current Asian market as a whole is almost equal to the pre-epidemiological situation and is still in the region for almost five years.
America’s gasoline recovery is earlier than diesel fuel, and the current crack price differential for finished oils has almost returned to pre-epidemiological levels. Compared to the European market’s weakest demand for diesel fuel, which began to recover after April, there is still a large gap with pre-epidemiological levels, which may be linked to Europe’s current rebound.
China’s demand for finished oil markets has grown weakly, and China’s primary processing capacity has grown rapidly in the last five years. Although diesel production has declined since 2017, gasoline and sea coal production has continued.
Total production of finished oils has changed little in recent years, while total downstream demand has slipped slightly since it peaked in 2017, and the trend is largely influenced by diesel consumption. From downstream consumption structures, gasoline vehicle consumption support is still relatively stable, although at a slower pace, still moving.
The demand structure for diesel fuel and kerosene is gradually decreasing, and the transport sector is now the most important downstream demand for diesel and kerosene, increasing from year to year. Thus, China’s future market for finished oils is still dominated by transport industry figure 27.
Figure 28. Structure of the domestic downstream demand for gasoline Figure 29. Changes in the apparent demand for diesel fuel Figure 30. Structure of the domestic downstream demand for diesel fuel
Figure 31. Changes in surface demand for sea-based coal. Demand for finished oil in the country has slowed, while demand for finished oil in the Asia-Pacific region as a whole is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate, the share of finished oil market exports is likely to continue to increase in the future.
In November 2015, the Ministry of Commerce, the National Development and Reform Commission and the General Customs Administration jointly issued a circular on issues related to the temporary permission of eligible refineries to conduct crude oil processing and re-export operations.
A total of 59 million tons of finished oil export quotas were issued in 2020, divided into general trade quotas and feed-in quotas. On 26 March 2020, the State Council issued a report on a number of measures to support the open development of the entire industry chain of hydrocarbons in the free trade test area of China (Zhejiang), proposing support to the Zhejiang self-trade test area for the modest implementation of the finished oil export operations and allowing the existing conditions for the Zhejiang self-trade test area to be met.
On 7 July 2020, the Ministry of Commerce approved the qualification of non-State exports of petrochemical oils, which, in addition to the value-added tax, are subject to a fixed consumption tax, and the current system provides for a gasoline consumption tax of $1.52 per litre and firewood.
Oil consumption taxes are $1.2/L, and fuel oil taxes are $1218/ton. The difference in consumption taxes compared to other taxes is that they are not based on a percentage of the price of the product, but on a fixed tax charge regardless of the price of the product.
Thus, even without taking into account other policy restrictions on imports and exports, the domestic market for finished oils is in fact a natural segmentation of the price. In the domestic market, taxes are a central concern for all refineries. Taxes and fees are too high as oil profits are compressed, and, apart from State-run refineries, the production and marketing schemes for finished oil in private refineries are largely more related to tax rates than to markets.
In July 2020, the Ministry of Commerce issued a package, granted non-state trade export qualifications for petrochemical oils, and became the first private refinery to obtain export qualifications for finished oils following the elimination of private exports in 2016. In December 2020, the petrochemicalization of the first batch of finished oils was completed.
China’s demand for bonded ship combustion has increased year by year since 2016, and has been dependent on imports until 2020. On the one hand, the domestic ship-burning market is slightly different from the fuel oil variety of the bonded ship-burning market.
On the other hand, similar to diesel fuel, high consumption taxes make the bond area and beyond entirely two separate markets. Thus, the domestic domestic dollar/tonne (import price differential) makes the ship refuelling market unmatched, despite the fact that the canyon and upland harbours are home to the top three of the world’s ports. With the imposition of the sulfur restraining order, the global refuelling market has changed in a disruptive manner, whether it be producers, traders, oil transferrs.
Thus, in order to take advantage of this opportunity to capture the share of the new low-sulphur bunker oil market and to promote the pricing formula for settlement of the renminbi, on 22 January, the General Customs Administration of the General Directorate of Taxation of the Ministry of Finance issued the Circular on Export Tax Reimbursement Policy for Fuel Adding to International Ships, which clearly indicates that fuel oil is added to the ports off the coast of the country by international ships.
In April 2020, the Ministry of Commerce issued a quota for the first export of low-sulphur tanker fuel oil in 2020. The first quota was 4.29 million Chinese petrochemicals.
Tons, 2.95 million tons of oil, 900,000 tons of oil in China, 900,000 tons of oil in China, and 1 million tons of petrochemicals. On the basis of the geographical location of the petrochemicals in the cano, and the share of the shares in the canoe, when the first quota of the tax refund for the export of low-sulphur fuel was announced in 2020, the petrochemicals obtained the qualifications and quotas as the only private refineries.
At a time of low and high consumption-tax pressure, carcinogenization has gained excess gains from the production of less gasoline through the production of more low-sulphur fuel oil. At present, carcinogenization remains the only private refining plant that has obtained tax rebates for the export of finished oil and low-sulphur fuel oil, and the advantage of carcinogenization is self-evident for the relatively complex domestic market for finished oil.
The two ports that have the highest volume of cargo throughput are found on the island of Choshan, adjacent to Shanghai and Ningbo, the Shanghai and the Shoyama harbours. As a well-developed port with no frozen depths throughout the year, the port has been able to dock 300,000 tons of oil tankers, and its main function is to position the bond area as a commodity (coal).
The transit, storage, and storage of carbon, ore, oil, and liquid chemical products, among others, have greatly contributed to the development of integrated refineries. As a result, the canoe insurance zone not only serves as a base for finished oil, a storage base for crude oil, but also as an important port of enrichment for bunker oil, and is the core of China’s current policy direction, such as price pricing for crude oil fuel oil, renminbi prices, ship-loading, etc.
In this context, petrochemicals have a strong geographical advantage, both in imported raw materials and in exported products. Moreover, the core of the polyester chain is concentrated in the east of China, in the petrochemicals, and in other subsidiaries of the Everest – China’s gold petrochemicals, Zhejiangjiang, etc.
The Chinese region is also an important consumer market for other chemical products and finished oils. Figure 34. The ethylene gap in China remains large, with new high-value-added products added to phase II petrochemicals.
Developments in the petrochemical industry during the Fourteenth Five-Year Plan have focused mainly on the integration of refined oil production to optimize the production of acrylic hydrocarbons and increase the import replacement capacity of px. The new global production of ethylene, acrylic, and px in the next five years has been concentrated in China, where the new ethylene production in China is close to half the world, while the new production of acrylic and px in China has reached 66% and 63%, respectively.
Domestic polyethylene, px, ethanol, and styrene still have a supply and demand gap that needs to be imported to meet domestic consumption. Import dependence on polyethylene remains high.
According to analysis by the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, world ethylene production capacity reached 195 million tonnes/year in 2020, requiring 167 million tonnes/year, while world ethylene capacity is projected to reach 236 million tonnes/year in 2025, requiring 203 million tonnes/year.
The ethylene industry in China has been the second largest producer in many years in a row, and the largest consumer in the world. As an intermediate, ethylene remains the dominant product downstream, with sub-ethylene diol, ethylene oxide, and styrene accounting for a certain share of demand.
The market space for the future is still large because of the large differences in the cost of ethylene from different production routes and the high technical thresholds for some high-end end-products. Since China’s natural environment of “more coal, less oil, less gas,” coal-based production technologies (cto) and methanol-based (mto) have been developed during high oil prices, but the main production route remains steam cracking.
In recent years, coal routes have been less competitive at oil prices, so they have not grown much. However, it is worth noting that in recent years there has been a tendency to lighten the content of steam fissions, with three beta fission devices being concentrated in 2021, including one satellite, 1.25 million tons of petrochemical capacity, and raw materials coming from the United States; and two demonstration projects of medium oil, 600,000 tons, which will be accompanied by direct use of active oil.
There is still much room in the domestic market for ethylene in the future, and even with significant new production, the self-sufficiency rate is expected to be only about 70% by 2025. The product structure may be fragmented, with the main new production capacity for acrylic and toluene coming from China by 2025, but the US and other Asian countries still have relatively large ethylene production capacity.
In addition to the demand for import substitution, the average production cost of private large-scale refining of new capacity projects is 20-40% lower than that of traditional refineries, so that the capture of export markets may also be one of the new spaces in the future. According to estimates from the Middle East Refinery, the United States company Peckder petrochemicals estimates that large refining units with complex Nielson coefficients, consisting of refined oils, px, polyethylenes and polypropenes, have only 3.9 years of recovery from traditional refining.
Figure 39. Domestic supply and demand of ethylene and projections Figure 41. Growth of domestic ethylene and downstream products
Figure 40. Structure of domestic consumption of ethylene. Total ethylene feedstocks for phase I-II projects of approximately 8 million tons of ethylene, including 2.8 million tonnes of ethylene/year installations and different products for downstream packages; and 4 million tonnes/year of dibenzene and 1.5 million tonnes/year of pure benzene/styrene, which are home-grown in the external phase.
Status, creating upstream/downstream synergies with the company's petrochemical-chemical industrial chain and increasing corporate profitability.
The size and size of carbide are far higher. With the completion of Phase II, more than 400,000 tonnes of fission c, or 400,000 tonnes of fission c, or by-products, each year, there will be more than 400,000 tonnes of dipentadiene, cyclopentadiene, inter-pentadiene, etc., and carbide will be built for a package of ethylene fission by-products integrated into a range of high-value-added derivatives.
With the development of shale gas technology in the United States and global lightening trends, resources for cracking c5 and c9 are expected to decrease. The main products are paints, paints, applicative rubber, resins, etc., while East and South China are the main consumer markets.
The greater the product composition, the greater the vulnerability of a single bulk of commodities to price cycle fluctuations, the greater the vulnerability of firms to price cycle fluctuations. And, with the completion of both phase II, near-end high-value-added products have low price elasticities, while more complex product structures have given companies greater flexibility to adjust.
Polyester industry cycle rotation, px and longline profit improvement Companies start from downstream scrubbing silk in the industrial chain, gradually extending upstream, and currently share 4.5 million tonnes/year of polyester silk, bottle and film production, including 1.45 million tonnes/year of silk, 600,000 tonnes/year of bottle and 450,000 tonnes/year of film production and participation in the holding company
The company’s bottle size is 2 million tonnes/year. Pta Block holds a total capacity of 6 million tonnes/year, currently a total capacity of 7.5 million tonnes/year, with an additional 50% of the new material in stock still available at 6.6 million tonnes/year, and is expected to be produced separately in the second or third quarter of this year.
4 million tonnes/year px produced and 2 rounds of 4 million tonnes/year px in construction.
In addition to the additional px capacity created by the glorification of petrochemicals, gold petrochemicals in its controlled subsidiary is one of the main domestic px producers, and the aromatics industry chain has always been one of the company’s advantages. Px has been declining since its rapid expansion in 2019, with price differentials in processing and down-cycles. 2020, with the effects of the epidemic, industry.
Chain profits have been significantly reduced, px prices have been reduced, and most of the devices have been in a loss situation. But the new pta productivity increase downstream of px will be up in 2020-2021, and px is slowing down, and px supply and demand relationships are expected to improve.
In contrast, once a decision has been taken to shut down the device, it is likely that the px device will have to withdraw from the market, especially in private factories with insufficient cash flow. As a result of this, px price differentials are relatively elastic to adjust its supply, and its capacity restructuring cycles are similar to those of other large commodities.
At present, China imports px mainly from Japan and Korea, accounting for more than 60% of current imports. Prior to the rcep agreement, domestic px had a 2% tariff cost advantage in addition to logistics freight costs (100-200 yuan per ton).
In addition, Japanese-Korean devices are relatively old, their capacity is small, they have no scale effect, and they may be pushed out of the market in the future, and according to IPC, they are expected to reach about 9 million tons. Changes in import volumes since 2020 show a significant decrease in imports from Japan and South Korea, while the Middle East is at cost.
In general, the demand for px equivalents remains, in effect, consistently higher than domestic production, and future import substitution and cost advantages will become industry because of the higher concentration of px buyers and sellers, the oligopolistic pattern, the largeness of the transactions, the smaller volume of trade, and their concentration.
At home, there are few small and medium-sized traders involved, resulting in the Asian contract price of px (acp) by a fixed buyer and seller. Acp is the Asia px benchmark, which promotes prices, mainly in the form of a long-term agreement on price formulas and premium increases, and actually conducts monthly price negotiations, so next month’s acp price consultations will be held at the end of each month.
By December 2020, only one Asian contract price (acp) had been reached in August 2019, i.e. under px, where there was disagreement between the seller and the buyer over the distribution of profits, and the acp negotiations had broken down, or even died. But from February and March 2021, px ' s acp price had been re-established, px ' s processing price had recovered significantly, and profits had been re-distributed in the industrial chain.
The re-conclusion of prices at acp also reflects a return to the consensus among px and pta manufacturers that they want to lock prices for a steady return, that px may have passed into a dark moment, starting to warm up from the bottom of the cycle. The pta expansion peak is approaching, and that there are still poor capacity to phase out.
Since the end of 2017, production has increased every year. The year 2020-2021 was the peak of the expansion, and the year 2020 was a year of significant accumulation. Even though futures cutters, as reservoirs, have helped save up to 2 million tons of stocks in the form of warehouse receipts (first quarter of 2021), pta’s social stock has nearly doubled since the beginning of 2020.
The second half of 2020 began to weaken, reaching a record low in the first quarter of 2021.
Figure 50. Pta ' s capacity in 2020, due to its new capacity and the size of the new technology and its low energy consumption, has a significant advantage over old devices, and the future phase-out and exit of post-production capacity will be the main focus of the market. In fact, the pta processing price differential is maintained at $400 in the first quarter of 2021.
At less than tons, not only did some of the old and small devices stop, but the load of the mainstream plant also decreased. The pta device was more flexible in adjusting the load to the px, and annual repairs were necessary. According to some pta plants, the cash flow cost of the mainstream technology is currently around $450-550 per ton.
The replacement cost may be higher than $700/t, while the cash flow cost of the latest technology is only about $300/t. Thus, with continued oversupply and reservoirs, the cost advantage of new devices at lower processing price differentials will be evident.
Polyester market products can be divided into four main categories: long wires, short fibres, vials and thin film. Long wires account for more than half of the total, followed by bottles and short fibres. By the end of 2020, the domestic polyester production capacity stood at 64,625,000 tons, an increase of two percentage points over the 2019 growth rate, and was almost close to the 2018 rate.
In terms of distribution, Jiangsu and Zhejiang are currently the main producers of polyesters in the country, with a combined capacity of 4,991 million tons by the end of 2020, representing more than 77% of the country. Therefore, the East China region is the main concentration up and down the polyester chain.
The company’s cost advantage and the layout of a variety of polyester products have a unique advantage in its traditional polyester industry, in addition to petrochemicals.
By 71.37 per cent, and a combined total of 5.6 million tonnes/year of gold petrochemicals and carcinogens in the company of glory, accounting for 21 per cent of the country’s market share. Moreover, in addition to the highly refined aromatic aromatics, the fuel oils are used as raw materials for production, and the new pta production of fresh materials is put into production as compared to the oils of the brain, creating synergies with the petrochemicals of China and saving on transport costs and public utility projects.
Against the backdrop of the current expansion of the industry and the contraction of profits, the company is expected to remain in a position where it is well known to compete against the remaining backward production capacity, the pta sector, which has a concentration of 61.13 per cent on cr5, with 50 per cent of the boom-share capacity still holding the first share of the industry's market share, and which will be further consolidated with the release of two 3.3 million units per year of new and dynamic materials.
Subpolymeric layout - Bottles/Blinds, although the polyester sector has the largest share of the market than the purge, has grown in recent years. Bottles producers and downstream demand are oligopolistic market patterns, with a concentration of 77.56% of the bottlers, and the coffers are also the first to have a market share.
The market for bottlers is large, demand is growing steadily, downstream to beverages, packaging, consumer goods, and is not sensitive to price shocks for bulk commodities, so the profit of the bottler industry is relatively stable for businesses that produce raw materials for which no extraction is required. As production expands, companies have gained a leading position in the industry in recent years.
The greatest increase in downstream demand is currently in the area of film and other industries, where the demand for soft drinks reached 70% in 2020, and has fallen to about 60% in the first quarter of 2021. The areas of application include fresh and cold-chain food packagings, on-site production of drinking cup caps, packaging of chemical products, medical packaging, electronic packaging, etc. The advantages of the pet bottles include their safety, transparency, cost, etc.
Low and 100% recyclable. Figure 56. Global polyester bottle production capacity. In addition to bottlers, 250,000 tons of new film production capacity in Insein technology was released at the end of 2020.
The largest and most sophisticated bopet line of production also allows the company ' s thin film products to cover a thickness of up to 5~350um, to meet the client ' s one-stop procurement needs, and to mark the formal move of Insein technology towards high-end differentiated products, which are currently directed in the direction of liquid crystal displays using optical-grade Pete, film, solar backcloth, and perifil. The high-end optical film is now very profitable.
The Māori rate was 15.49 per cent and 19.26 per cent, respectively, in 2018-2019, and 30.42 per cent in 2020. At present, the industrial chain has been significantly expanded. The ZPR project will continue in 2021, with the installation expected to produce more than half of its capacity by the end of the year. Brent crude oil prices were maintained at $66-70 per barrel high in 2021, and Brent crude oil prices fell to $58-62 per barrel in 2022.
The price of chemical products as a whole rose sharply in 2021, and the same price of chemical products fell in 2022. The sale of fossilized oils was smooth, export credits and quotas were maintained.
The second phase of petrochemical production was less than expected; the onset of the epidemic led to changes in the macroeconomic situation, and so forth.