The first performance period will further widen the upward path Investment rating: buying (maintaining) billions of yuan, an increase of 30.02 per cent in the same year, and a return to the net profit of $7.309 billion, an increase of 231.17 per cent in the same year;
• The steady operation of the petrochemical phase, with a significant increase in the performance of the company throughout the year, with a 51 per cent share ratio held by Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd. (referred to as “Zelinization”).
A total investment of $173 billion in the 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project was implemented in two phases. 1 phase of processing of 20 million tons of crude oil per year, 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons per year, 1.4 million tons of ethylene per year, and a project of 90.1 billion yuan, which was completed in December 2019.
Ten thousand tons, 6.6 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons per year, 2.8 million tons of ethylene per year, which was piloted in November 2020. As a result of the increased contribution of the first phase of the project, corporate revenue and net profits increased significantly throughout the year, owing to both the epidemic and the fall in oil prices.
The significant increase in Māori and Māori rates is due to the fact that the full commissioning of the first phase of the project resulted in a high rate of interest on chemical products and a significant increase in the price of refined oil products. The Māori industry contributed a major profit year by the amount of R$11.996 billion (56.74 per cent of the total Māori) in this series.
The Māori rate was 28.69%; followed by Māori for the refined oil products series, which was 7.09 billion yuan (the sum of Māori dollars (517.12% increase in the ring). In the first half of the year, the impact of the new global crown epidemic, with a sharp drop in external demand, led to a significant drop in corporate revenue abroad.
Tens of thousands of tons of refined integration projects, and domestic revenues and profits have risen significantly. With the recovery of overseas demand and a 1 million-ton export quota for finished oils, overseas revenues have increased significantly in the second half of the year.
• The second phase of petrochemicals is about to come into operation, with higher value added products, and the second phase, with a total investment of $82.9 billion, began to run in November 2020. Compared to the first phase, the performance of the second phase has increased significantly, with the second phase of petrochemicals.
The second phase of the project highlighted the characteristics of multi-chemicals, with aromatics and ethylenes producing 1.4 million tonnes per year more than the first phase, with higher value added.
A stable and moderate rise in oil prices for companies with a complete industrial chain, and a two-phase start-up would benefit from better profitability, while a further expansion of production capacity and further completion of the industrial chain would make the overall size of the company more effective, with lower costs and higher efficiency.
• Future companies are based on a combination of advantages, value increases are clear, and investment values are clear, with the combined advantages of the “oil-px, acetylene-pta, ethylene-polycerine-wilding, film, bottler” links.
The crude oil chain, where companies can rely on the excellent conditions of deep water harbours in the Toto Hills, where large tankers go directly to shore for oil refining, as the country's only 40 million tonnes/year integration plan, phased in, large-scale refining projects with highly adaptable, technologically sound, multi-manufactured chemicals, etc.
In addition, gold petrochemicals in the company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries are used to buy fuel oil and petrocephalus to produce px, which is the earlier px-pta production path.
About 1.6 million tons of benzene, 200,000 tons of benzene (the world’s largest single suite), 500,000 tons of pure benzene and 1.1 million tons of chemical light oil.
In 2021, the first group of countries to receive 2 million tons of finished oil and 390,000 tons of low-sulphur ship combustion export targets actively developed the finished oil export business in a situation where there was already a surplus of finished oil in the country. The chemical market, the company’s location at the heart of the domestic chemical market, and the demand for the market were strong.
At the pta level, a joint venture between the company and HDR has created Zhejiang, Hwang, Hwang, Hin, etc., with a total capacity of 13.5 million tonnes/year, of which the company has an equity capacity of 5.76 million tonnes/year. The project is planned for 6 million tonnes/year of new material and 3 million tonnes/year of corporate interest.
The planning project will be fully post-partum with a pta equity capacity of 8.76 million tonnes/year. polyesters are the company ' s traditional strength and are currently at the forefront of its domestic counterparts in the production of esters and silks, bomb-loading projects, consumption of raw materials and product quality, with combined energy consumption at the top of the industry.
Ping. Shaoshan has 1.1 million tons of polyester production capacity, half million tons of scrubbing, 400,000 tons of dty, and 300,000 tons of pony. In addition, in 2018, a joint venture of ZPs and Deutsche Chemicals formed the Deignant Chemical Industry to control ethylene petrochemicals.
Decomposition c5 and fission c9 are deeply processed and produced in a variety of fine chemical products, including meiopentadiene resins, hydrogenified dcpd resins, dcpd thermally concentrated resins, industrial dicyclopentadiene, and industrial hepanic diene.
One million tons of acetic acid plants, which can be used as raw materials for pta production, as well as for paints, glues, solvents, etc.
Project construction fell short of expectations; crude oil prices fluctuated significantly; product prices fell sharply; market demand: companies achieved gross profits of $21,143 million in 2020, an increase of 276 per cent in comparison with the previous year; the Māori rate was 19.71 per cent, the same percentage point, owing mainly to the reclassification of storage and transportation costs from the original cost of sales to operating costs; and administrative cost rates
Interest costs have increased mainly as a result of increased borrowing from petrochemical interest. R & D costs were $1.964 billion, representing an increase of 100.2 per cent in the same year; R & D costs were 1.83 per cent, representing an increase of 0.64 percentage points in the same year; fixed assets, intangibles, and the company performed better by 2020q3 and q4 on a quarterly basis.
29,950 million yuan, slightly higher than 2020q2, the highest for the four quarters of the year, with a 29.8 per cent increase in the same year and a 8.48 per cent increase in the ring; a 3046 million yuan increase in the same year, a 71.52 per cent decrease in the ring; and a 33.39 per cent decrease in q4 net return percentage points.
Interest rate, with a slight upward trend in chemical products in the fourth quarter.
Figure 3 Māori bi-annual evolution of Māori Māori bi-annual evolution of Māori net profits of Māori
Figure 7 Māori rates, net interest rates, bi-annual changes in Māori rates, net interest rates, Figure 8
Figure 10 Quarterly changes in the cost of three companies Chart 13 Quarterly purchases of fixed assets, intangibles, cash charts for long-term assets Quarterly purchases of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets Quarterly purchases of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets
▪ Purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets to be paid for
Figure 18 Quarterly changes in the stock turnover days of the company 2 Company branch operations and major events Gross profit of $11.996 billion, or 56.74 per cent, is the main reason for the increase in the total Māori stock this year.
The main reason for the increase in the Māori series was the full commissioning of 40 million tons of petrochemicals per year at the end of 2019, which opened up the upstream refining of chemical products and greatly increased corporate efficiency. On the price side, some of the products suffered a marked decline in prices due to the impact of the epidemic on the same year, as pta prices fell by more than 30 per cent over the same four-quarter period.
As a result, pta-series revenues and Maori are poor, and the price decline is also affected by the release of concentration of capacity. According to statistics, product prices have now largely recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, some of which have reached stage high levels, and will support corporate profitability.
Figure 20 Prices of various product series Figure 21 Major events in the company and industry in 2020, project construction below expectations: significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; sharp declines in product prices; and less than expected market demand.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.