The annual report of 2020 and the performance forecast of 2021q1 issued by the Centre for Research on Resources and the Environment on 14 April 2021 resulted in an annual operating income of $10.260 billion, an increase of 30.02 per cent over the year; the net return to the mother was $7.31 billion, an increase over the year.
231.17%; q1 single quarter 2021 net return profit of 2.62 billion yuan, an increase of 113.73% from the previous year. The launch of the petrochemical phase led to a steady increase in the negative cycle of performance.
The Māori rate stood at 21.86 per cent in 2020, an increase of 8.69 per cent over the same period in 2019.
The second phase is expected to be full-scale driving and firm growth is certain in the middle of the year. The second phase is expected to be full-scale driving. The second phase is expected to be full-scale driving by the end of 2020, taking into account the benefits of the first phase, and the second phase is expected to be full-scale driving by the end of 2021.
The significant excess gains from petrochemicals were realized at the bottom of the industry extremes in the second half of 2020, when global terminal consumption was depressed, crude oil prices rose but downstream products increased much less than crude oil prices, and inter-linkage price differentials continued to narrow, leading to an average full-time profit for industry throughout 2020.
The total value of RY is $580 per ton. Although the total profits and profits of the 2021q1 industry have recovered to $57 per ton, the approximate price differential (pta, px) of 2021q1 remains at 0-10% of the historical bottom, with limited reheating. The world’s leading strong alpha production can contribute to the glory of petrochemicals and weather events.
Significant growth in performance is certain, and the recovery in industry is expected to bring greater profitability elasticity.The risk of a large single-way decline in crude oil is shown in the House of Chen; 2. The severe demand for textile clothing has deteriorated by 3 policies and quotas for external exports.
4. Geopolitical risk 5. Indeterminate carbon and planning for business profits Qualitative impact 6. Restriction of shareholding risk 7. Other force majeure effects.
The annual report for the year 2020 achieved an operating income of 10.02 billion yuan, an increase of 30.02 per cent over the same period. The Department achieved a net gain of 7.31 billion yuan, an increase of 231.17 per cent over the same period: a net gain of 6.35 billion yuan was deducted from the parent.
In the second half of the year, Globotomy achieved 56,988 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of $4,101 million for mothers and $3,180 million for non-purchasing. In four quarters of this, Globolite earned 29,650 million yuan, an increase of 8.48 per cent over the third quarter, a decrease of 163 per cent over the third quarter, compared with the same period in 2019.
The profit-splitting of the main petrochemical product plate shows that the company ' s oil refining/chemical/pta/polyester plate business earned 27,670 million yuan, 41,81 billion yuan / 12,744 million yuan and 3160 million yuan, respectively, of which 956 per cent and the same rate of increase in the oil refining/chemical plate operating income, respectively, as a result of the launch of the petrochemical phase in 2020.
At the same time, the company issued a fast-track performance report for the first quarter of 2021, q1 q1 q1 q1 q2.20 billion net profit for mothers, representing an increase of 113.73 per cent over the same period, full production and production of the petrochemical phase.
The growth of corporate performance is further boosted by the release of new projects.
1.2. Base profit certification, greater certainty in the growth of the oil-polyester chain industry, 2020. Global polyester end-use was negatively affected by the new crown epidemic and the overall demand was at the bottom of history; crude oil prices were influenced by global imbalances in crude oil supply and demand and geo-related events.
Continuation of high volatility driven by events (negative oil prices at the beginning of 2020 and persistent increases in late 2020 due to the effects of a deep decline in production of the opc+), multiple negative effects, such as irrational fluctuations in crude oil prices and weak end demand, resulting in a narrow price gap between crude oil-px-pta-polyester links, and continued losses in the whole industry chain
In the second half of 2020, 56.98 billion yuan in operating income and $3.118 billion in net profit were achieved, and the profitability of the profit base was proven in 2020, accompanied by the continued performance of strong alpha production and a strong degree of certainty about the continued growth of profits at the profit base.
And we would like to stress that the significant excess gain from petrochemicals was the gains at the bottom of the extremes of the industry in the second half of 2020, which were created by a number of extremes, the global end loss, the low cost of downstream products, the rising price of crude oil, but the downstream product because of the fact that the price of crude oil is rising.
Average annual full-time profits increased to $580 per ton, product price differentials at historical lows, px, pta at a consistent historical percentage of 0-10%, and the average price difference between HC and LC in 2020 increased from RMB-580 per to RMB-57 per ton, but the price difference rose to the main concentration of warming.
Medium- and small-scale capacity (e.g., aromatic hydrocarbons, long wires), which remains largely at the bottom of the historical landscape, px and pta link price differentials are still between 0 and 10% of the historical percentage.
At the same time, in view of the complexity of the integration package, the ZP phase was fully drizzled at the end of 2019, with a projected full compliance rate of q1 in 2020 and a net gain of $4,488 million in the first half of 2020, compared with a net gain of $6,743 million at the bottom of the industry extreme weather in the second half of 2020 and 2021 at the end of the second half of the year.
Psychic production at the end of its term will further boost the firm’s sustained growth in its performance due to the cost advantage of a far-off industry, which has nothing to do with the industry’s state of view. The second phase of Psychicization is now firmly entrenched, with a sustained high degree of certainty about the growth of Psychic performance.
1) In view of the complexity of the integration package, it is anticipated that the full-time production of the complete-capitulation phase 2021 will further contribute to the continued growth of the company ' s performance, taking into account the complexity of the integrated equipment.
2) ZP2 is operational by the end of 2020 and is expected to be fully operational by mid-2021 with net profit of $11.23 billion by mid-2021, net annual gain of $6.743 billion under ZP2 and net annual gain of $13.486 billion by mid-2021,
Samples, ZP2 projects are expected to result in a net profit gain of over $5 billion in 2021 (phase II is calculated at a 40% load rate). 3) Strong alpha properties pta and polyester production can continue.
The production line is expected to be operational in 2021, with a Pyrochemicals equity capacity of 1.5 million tons, with 3 million single pta producing the largest single set of devices, and the average single-ton processing cost of the Pyrochemical pta chain, which is expected to decline further, driving the pta chain ' s excess gains to increase.
By our calculations, the entire industry chain, even if it maintains the 2020 industry extremes, is expected to earn more than $12 billion in 2021, now 15 times more than the company pe, and the bottom estimates are either significantly underestimated. At the same time, global crude oil prices are gradually recovering.
In the context of the gradual recovery of stable rational zones and global end consumption, glory petrochemicals are expected to achieve significant 1.3, corporate dividends and equity transfers.
The 10-shares found a gold dividend of $1.50 (including taxes) to increase the capital pool by 5 shares per 10 shares for all shareholders. The total cash share is expected to be $1,013 million, and we believe that the corporate cash flow will improve further with the launch of phase two of the company’s petrochemical project, and that the long-term cash share will increase.
In 2023, two phases of ZP are likely to be profitable throughout the year, with two single-body maximum pta capacity expected to be fully operational, 3 million tons of PEI, and a cumulative lower-stream polyester end-of-life capacity.
The net profit is expected to reach $18,153 million in 2022
Figure 10: Diesel-former oil price differential Figure 11:px-former oil price differential Figure 12: pta-px price differential
Figure 13: Price differentials for poy-pta/meg Figure 14: price differentials for fdy-pta/meg Figure 15: price differentials for dty-pta/meg
Figure 17: pp-former oil price differential Figure 16:lldpe-former oil price differentials Precious fossilized raw materials are crude oil, and corporate profits are subject to a large wave of crude oil prices against the United States dollar exchange rate prices
The risk factors for crude oil include (1) higher-than-anticipated changes in global demand for crude oil (including but not limited to significant growth or slippage in the global economy, major breakthroughs in the new energy sector, rapid substitution of fossil fuels resulting in lower demand for oil, climate
Changes result in significant changes in crude oil demand, etc.) (2) higher than expected changes in global crude oil supply (including, but not limited to, accelerated or delayed project implementation, controlled production by oil-producing countries, etc.) (3) geopolitical events (including but not limited to disruptions in crude oil supply as a result of emergencies, or high levels of crude oil supply as a result of emergencies)
A large-scale single-way decline in crude oil prices would account for significant stock losses and a stronger correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and a single-way decline in crude oil prices would have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability. The US dollar’s exchange rate risk implied the following risks.
Crude oil purchases use the United States dollar, while revenue-side settlements are dominated by the renminbi, and daily operations require the purchase of the dollar, the sale of the renminbi and the completion of the settlement. Such settlements are subject to the following risks, but can be achieved through (1) a sharp deterioration in Central-American relations and (2) significant changes in Central-American macroeconomics (including but not limited to them)
In the context of the systemic financial crisis, interest rate reduction, other fiscal and monetary macro-policies) (3) the number of economies in Central America, the sale of finished oils will need to depend on a two-barrel oil distribution network in the short term, which will be accompanied by a gradual reduction in future oil production. If the zero price differential for finished oils increases significantly, there will be some impact on firms.
The price of the finished oil is highly correlated with supply and demand. The supply-side risks include, but are not limited to, the production capacity of the finished oil, a significant expansion in the production capacity of Shandong refinery, and so on; the demand-side risks include, but are not limited to, the new crown outbreak.
The weakening of private cars, the over-expected replacement of gasoline cars by new energy vehicles, and the national policy restrictions on fuel cars, the impact of ethanol gasoline additions, also to a certain extent, discourages the demand for mtbe products from refineries: ship combustion in the canyon trade zone has not increased as much as expected, and attention should be paid to the Zhejiang trade zone as a private sector.
The impact of the liberalization of quotas for the export of finished refined oils on changes in the refining pattern.
Production techniques, which have a clear backward technological advantage over two barrels of oil and the old production capacity of Japan and Korea, have a technological iterative cycle of about 15 years, but if there is a shorter technology iterative cycle, or if there are excesses in the Zulcochemical industry and other force majeure-induced refineries are suspended/reduced.
The chemical plants are driving at a slower pace than expected: most petrochemical chemicals are intermediate products that are subject to an over-anticipated shift in supply and demand in the industrial chain. The macroeconomic needs, such as downstream consumption, packaging, cars, infrastructure, etc., need to be addressed while oil prices are being considered.
The demand for products has an impact. The risk of increased competition: ethane fission, which includes, but is not limited to, the United States or the Middle East, will have a greater impact on domestic dumping of chemical products.
The decline in global demand for textile clothing has had an impact on the polyester chain, including, but not limited to, the imposition of a tax on China’s exports in the context of the China Trade War, and South-East Asian countries’ anti-dumping measures against China’s Changsi.
An additional 456,242,250 shares were issued in private on 9 October 2020 for the construction of the Zultanization II Zultanization Phase I project, of which 56,710,775 shares, or 9 per cent of the existing circulation, or 8.4 per cent of the total equity, were sold for a period of 36 months and are expected to be sold in July 2021.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment