Performance growth is higher than expected, looking at four quarters of the year, corporate fundamentals (RMB) operating income of $12.10 billion, or +7.5 per cent, and net return to mothers of $1.95 billion, or 1.95 billion.
chc’s good development is sustainable, and multi-product-driven growth is driven by performance growth. The company relies on the value of the 999 products to boost the sale of the chc products.
Corporate flu class sales performed well and led to steady growth of the otc plate; looking forward to the fourth quarter, despite uncertainty about the evolution of the epidemic, “Four” drugs (heat control, cough control, anti-virus, anti-bacterial) controls are more precise, while entering the season of cold medicine sales and corporate performance elasticity
2. Purchase of 28% of Quan Pharmacy Group shares, Optimization of industry chain layout - China Yun Sankoh Purchase Point Review, 2022.5.8.
• Optimizing the business structure of the prescription drug plate, with four quarters expected to rebound. Corporate prescription drug management - 31st Quarter Review, growing lines, further strengthening evidence-based research and value of the product as the product is restructured
Excavation; while the formulation particle operation is actively engaged in the priority area shift, it is expected that the four-quarter transition will be made to the normal marketing extension phase. We believe that with the new national and provincial labels, 4.
The company acquired 28% of Quan Pharmacy’s shares to optimize the distribution of its products. On the one hand, the Quan Pharmacy Group is good.
A good branding effect would bring a certain increase in the abundance of alternative and smaller product matrices that would help companies to build up more sophisticated national drug medals; on the other hand, the company channels would help to open up and sink prescription channels in the Quantities.
• China-Yun San will continue to benefit from the development of Chinese medicine, regardless of the acquisition and impact, with a projected risk of clustering of 2022-origin products; increased risk of competition; under-prospecting of products; limited price exposure of medically insured medicines; risk of changing brand values; risk of price volatility of raw materials; and risk of impairment of goodwill.