Three-quarter net profit booms, looking forward to chc business development Events: 3rd quarter of 2022, January-September 2022, company XXXIX (000999)
It was robust and achieved a gross operating income of $12,111 million, an increase of 7.53 per cent over the same period; it achieved operating profits by three quarters of a cold medicine-led rate of Chc, with net profits growing at a rapid rate over the same period. In the first quarter of 2022, the profit was $519 million (an increase of 36.52 per cent over the same year after the adjustment), with net profits rising at a sharper rate.
The Department's communication bulletin suggests that the company's chc growth rate is relatively good in the last three quarters, driven by cold medicine, mainly because: (1) the incidence of flu is higher; (2) the channel stock is lower after the second quarter; and (3) the base figure for the same three quarters last year is lower. Moreover, paediatrics, gastrics, and skin medicines are growing faster.
The company expects that the following six months of effective control of the epidemic and smooth progress in the formulation of granular operations will result in a double-digit growth in revenue in 2022.
The company's financial position is good, assets are managed. The company's annual cost rate is projected to be lower than it was last year, looking at the company as a whole.
Keeping an eye on the long-term development of China's 39chc business.
The main drivers for the future are: 1) branding barriers to expanding the Otc business, and in recent years companies have continuously increased brand input, attracting more young people through short videos, brand names, implants, and cross-border cooperation; 2) expanding new channels.
This is done through the restructuring of products and the formation of professional teams to adapt to future business trends; 3) the enrichment of products. Through acquisitions and so forth, the product pipelines are constantly enriched and extended, and we value their ability to develop over the long term.
Profit forecasting and rating: company is a rare domestic platform brand otc, branded \triangleright advantage and strengthened, Chc has a long-term growth logic, and three-quarters fast-tracked net profit increases
Annual revenues of 170.29/195.221.2226.7 million yuan and net profit returns of the mother, respectively, are the risk factors: market and policy risks, innovation risks in R & D, merger and acquisition risks, raw material prices
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
He was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel, and joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 for research in the cxo industry. He joined the Sinda Securities in December for research in scientific services and small molecular innovation medicine.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics from the University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice. He worked at the Minya Foundation, where he joined the Sunda securities industry in 2022, where he was responsible for research on medicine consumption and raw materials.
Sheng Zhao, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, joined the Sinda Securities in 2022, and was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.