30 November 2022: China Yun-39 intends to purchase the Quin-Pharma group in possession of Chinese medicine by paying cash.
\triangleright 20.9 million shares (27.56 per cent of the total number of shares issued by QN) and the purchase of QN 3.34 million shares held by QN (0.44 per cent of the total number of shares issued by QNQ) from QNL.
At a price of $13.67/stocks, totalling $29.02.0 million, the transfer of China-Yun-39 to become a controlling shareholder, holding 212 million shares in the Quan Pharmacy Group (28 per cent of the total shares already issued by the Quan Pharmacy Group), the Quin Pharmacy Group will become a controlling subsidiary of China-Yun-Yun-Yu-Kun.
At 8 a.m. on May 5, 2022, the market value was $8 billion, and at 15 x in 2021.
The Quan Pharmacy Group has 37 important Chinese medicine resources and “Kun-chung medicine” to supplement the product lines of Qihua-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu.
The nine supplement the resources of the Chinese medicine. 2) On such fine products as "Quintino" , the Quan Pharmacy Group has a rich product line of spleen, spleen, spleen, sulphate, and fragrance flat stomach particles.
The lack of a national pharmaceutical product line that is sufficient to satisfy itself, while increasing the market competitiveness and marketing capacity of the product through its rich business experience and industrial resources, has brought new growth points to both sides’ performance. In the second half of 2022, China made a significant recovery in the sale of its products.
\triangleright 1. Huayun 3 q3 q3 q3 q3 q3
Q: q3 strong growth, long-term appreciation of brand Chinese medicine - 2022/ season is a good season for products such as the 39 flu, while the demand for end-of-life cold drugs has risen rapidly in the second half of 2022, when the 9th edition of the epidemic prevention and control programme and the 20th of the virus were released.
The semi-annual report for 2022 of Hua-Yun (000999.sz) provides an assessment of the steady growth of chc, which looks at the formulation particles in the second half of the year. The end demand and sales of the products of the heart have improved markedly, while the skin, stomach medicine and paediatrics have remained comparable.
Restorative growth - 2022/08/24 Rapid growth. High-moric products are growing faster than the previous year, leading to double growth in corporate revenue and profits.
The company’s Chc business is expected to continue to grow steadily in the second half of the year, with high-quality access capacity. A modest cooperation agreement, a big healthy leader in the nursing products market-20 Investment proposal: the company is a leading national otc brand + channel, “999” brand recognition.
4. In-depth report by Hua Yuen: high levels of scarcity and recognition and high end-of-product pharmacy coverage. Work is under way to expand the line between Chinese medicine and high-health products, to draw conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.