Medical team Performance growth is higher than expected, looking at the company's long-term development base (RMB)
Operating income of $12.10 billion, or 7.5% of the year; net return of $1.95 billion, with the same company performing well, Chc actively extended to health management products. By the third quarter of 2022, it actively extended products to health management, rehabilitation and slow disease management.
Further collating of the retail pharmacy network and online platforms, we appreciate the company's potential for future development. 2. Income growth meets expectations, brand power drives companies to build on innovative research and development, prescriptions are well developed. Corporate prescriptions cover cardiovasculars, etc.
3. Purchase of 28% Quan Pharmacy Group shares, optimization of industry, multiple treatment areas, supplementation of chemical products of higher clinical value through continuous and intensified research and development, chain layout — a review of the 3-Hug-Hug-Yun buy-out, 2022.5.8.
4. "Exceeding expectations for profit growth, high-quality percentage points for double-wheel-drive companies. As products become more combed, future prescription plates are expected to resume.
The company promotes the development of 39 brands and consolidates brand leadership; merges the digital centre and the intelligence and informatization department to be smart and number 5.
As the company's brand is gradually being built, and the marketing channels are being developed, it's going to have to build up a new media platform, such as Wiggly, Little Red Books, and Ali's mother.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the cost of marketing will continue to benefit from the development of Chinese medicine, regardless of the acquisition and impact, and is expected to increase the risk of clustering of products; competition will increase the risk; product diffusion will be less than expected; and medically guaranteed medicines will be price-bound.
Risk; risk of change in brand value; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; risk of impairment of goodwill.