q3 strong growth, long-term appreciation of branded Chinese medicine 10 October 2022 incident: Q3 Express 2022, January-September 2022,
\triangleright company 2022q3 recovered strong performance and profit-side growth exceeded expectations. 2022q3 achieved operating income of $3.710 billion, an increase of 9.18 per cent over the adjusted year-on-year, and net profit return of $519 million over the adjusted year-on-year ratio.
The sales of 3-chc products have recovered significantly, and the high-freight products have led to an increase in performance. q3 represents a marked improvement in the end demand for the core chc products, which were sold because of the impact of the epidemic in q2.
In January-August 2022, the skin, stomach medicine, and pediatrics were all growing faster. High-moric products were growing faster than ever, leading to a double growth in corporate income and profits.
In the second half of the year, the flu was sold. The autumn winter season was a high cold season, and the product was sold by the research assistant Song Liang, while the end-of-pipe drug control was gradually relaxed after the ninth edition of the outbreak prevention and control programme.
In the second half of the year, the company’s Chc business is expected to continue to grow steadily, with high-quality access capacity. Marketing of formulation particles is expected to improve.
The provincial policies vary considerably with regard to the speed of the switch, the provincial markers, and so on. Currently, the documentation of the new national label particles is almost complete, the sales of the product is expected to improve at q4, and the company is the first six pilot companies to have a semi-annual report for 2022.
First, there is a pre-emptive advantage in the industry. Review: Chec is growing steadily, looking at the formulation particles for the second half of the year. Investment proposal: the company is the leader of the country's otc brand plus channel, “999” brand recognition.
\triangleright 2. Hua Yun Sanix (000999.sz) event review: re-signing and recognition, high end-of-product pharmacy coverage.
3. In-depth report on the contours of health in the nursing market (000999.sz): the scarcity of goods. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the independent and objective production of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.