Strongly recommended (for the first time), potassium lithium operations in parallel and mutually reinforcing co-growth . Tibetan Mining (000408.sz) first coverage report
Li Zh Cheuk Jinbo realized a net return profit of 825 million yuan in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 1729%. Potassium chloride, lithium carbonate.
In terms of gross profits, the gross profits of companies in the first half of 2021 were also derived mainly from potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, which accounted for 78 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively. Potassium chloride prices were re-entering the upper route, and the profit base was stifling.
Since then, there has been a marked increase in the price of potassium chloride in our country. As of 23 January 2022, the average price of the domestic market for potassium chloride was $3450 per ton, an increase of 86.5% over the same period.
On 31 December of the year, the average price of the domestic battery-grade lithium carbonate market was 282,000 yuan per ton, an increase in the same value.
In terms of production, the company’s ability to produce lithium carbonate has been gradually released for almost three years. The company expects that lithium carbonate will rise in 2021, or will open up new growth space for the company.
The mining rights and prospecting rights are derived from the salt lakes of Mamiso and the Great Wave Beach. Of these, the mines in the lake are 190 square kilometres, the reserves of lithium resources are 2.5 million tons, and the concentrations of lithium are 900 mg/L or more, with the advantages of less difficult mining, high lithium content, lower lithium ratio, etc. through layout.
Quality Salt Lake resources, laying the foundation for future business expansion and increased profitability. Potassium chloride, moving up the road, is expected to raise corporate profits; lithium carbonate, at a very high price, opens up new opportunities for growth.
For the first time, a “strongly recommended” rating was given. Environmental policy was tightened, salt lake resources were shrinking, and product prices were volatile.
1.1. The company has a mining licence for an area of 724.35 square kilometres of the Zalkhan Salt Lake, with an annual production of 1 million potassium chlorides, based on the Salt Lake Tsharhan, Qinghai Province, and a two-track track of potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, centred on Lake Tsharhan.
In August 2017, the company decided to move into the new energy sector to build a project to build 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year in the Salt Lake of Charkhan, and has now completed 10,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate per year.
The company accounts for 71.38% and 28% respectively for potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, while the trade and other operations account for less than 1%. With respect to gross profits, the company’s gross profits from sales in the first half of 2021 were also mainly derived from potassium chloride and lithium carbonate, accounting for 78% and 21%, respectively, and only 1% for other operations.
The Tibetan Mining Company, formerly Huatyu Hebei, which has been strategically restructured to focus its current main business on potassium lithium, was founded in June 1996 and was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange main board, stock code: 000408.sz.
The removal of ceramic assets and the restructuring of the company ' s operations into trade and other investment management; the restructuring of the company ' s operations the following year into mining investment, trade and jewellery; and the transformation of the company ' s business from November 2016 to date into potassium fertilizer, lithium carbonate and fertilizer production and sale.
In 2002, the company established a fully-owned subsidiary, Goldberg Potassium Fertilizer Ltd., which is mainly involved in the production and sale of potassium chloride, which is the core business of the company: the Goldwood Lithium Industry, a fully-owned subsidiary, was established in 2017.
Company Limited, mainly involved in the production, sale and technical advice of battery-grade lithium carbonate.
Companies (hereinafter: Tibetan Corporation), with 43.08% shareholdings. Other P.T.C. shareholders in more than 5% of the company’s shareholdings are Young-hong Business Co. Ltd., Sichuan Province, with 19.42% shareholdings and 10.87% shareholdings for natural persons.
73.37% of them are affiliated and are acting in concert. The owner of the company is the Tibetan company, and the real owner is Shaw Young-ming.
The companies are: Görtzölg Potassium Fertilizer Ltd. (Simple) for potassium fertilizer operations; Görgöglöglryl Lithium Industries Ltd. for lithium carbonate operations (hereinafter: Tibetan Lithium industry), in which the Tibetan lithium industry is a fully-owned secondary subsidiary of the Tibetan Holdings; and the West Lithium Company, in which the companies participate.
Treasure Dragon Copper Co. Ltd. (hereinafter: Dragon Copper Industries) and Tibetan Technology (Si'an) Ltd., which hold 30.78% and 19% of their shares, respectively.
In the first three quarters of 2021, operating income was 2,099 million yuan, an increase of 77 per cent. On the other hand, in the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved a net return profit of 825 million yuan, an increase of 1729 per cent.
In 2021, the gross profits and the gross profits of the company grew. In the first three quarters of 2021, the gross profits of the company were limited by natural conditions, reduced production of potassium chloride, and lower prices of potassium chloride, with the company ' s Māori rate showing a steady rise in the picture of potassium chloride and a wide space for the lithium carbonate industry.
2.1. Potassium chloride: supply: supply: high concentration in industry, high import dependence, high concentration in domestic production capacity of potassium chloride supply, and strong dominance in the head of industry.
In 2021, the total capacity of the country ' s potassium chloride production was 8.6 million tons and cr 2 87%, with a high concentration of supplies. The Tibetan mining industry is the second largest producer of potassium fertilizer, with an annual capacity of 2 million tons and a capacity of 23% of the country ' s total.
In terms of production, the total national production of potassium chloride in 2020 was 7.04 million tons, of which 11.15 million tons, or 15.8 per cent, were produced by the Tibetan mining industry throughout the year.
The market is dominated by the lake shares and the Tibetan mining industry, and the two giants have a very strong voice in the market. Figure 10.2021, 87% of the country’s potassium chloride cr2 is scarce, and imports depend heavily on it.
In response to the scarcity of resources, the country has adopted a policy of combining imports and investments in the sea. According to the Mobil data, the demand for domestic consumption of potassium chloride is about 12-15 million tons per year, since it is produced annually.
About 6 million tons, or 40-50%, and more than half of the imports. For overseas investments, the main project in Laos has to be located with potassium International and Orient Towers, with a production rate of 25.17 million in 2020. Figure 11. Self-production of potassium chloride in 2020, 43%.
In terms of capacity, in 2017-2021, the production of potassium chloride in the country stabilized at 8.6 million tons per year for five consecutive years.
Belarus is one of the world’s leading exporters of potassium fertilizer, based on data from usgs, 2020.
In June-August 2021, the United States and the European Union announced successive sanctions on the export of Belarusian potassium fertilizer. Once implemented, the sanctions will restrict the export of Belarusian potassium fertilizer, resulting in a global supply shortage.
In terms of implementation, as of 12 January 2022, Lithuania announced the termination of the transport agreement between its State-owned railway department and the Russian producer of potassium fertilizer, belaruskali.
2.1.2. Demand: Agricultural landscape and demand for potassium fertilizer is growing steadily
Production of fertilizers. According to the data from the Mobil, the proportion of compost, straight-planting and other potassium salt consumed in 2020 was 49 per cent, 8 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively. The increase in the use of potassium per acre led to an increase in demand for potassium chloride.
There has been a steady decline in the area, especially as a result of rapid population growth in large parts of the population, such as China and India, which has led to a marked decline in per capita cultivation. In contrast to the increase in demand for food, the increase in food per unit production has become more important, with inputs from agro-based products being an important way to increase production.
According to the World Food and Oil Organization (fao), the global average of potassium fertilizer per acre was 24.2 kg/ha in 2019, an increase of 62.7% compared to 14.87 kg/ha in 2000 and a composite growth rate of 2.6%.
Figure 15. Global per capita area of cultivated land decreasing from year to year Figure 16. Global compound growth in the average use of potassium fertilizer per acre of 2.6 per cent. Increases in agricultural prices, increased farmers ' motivation to sow, and increased demand for potassium chloride 2020.
Global futures prices for major agricultural products such as maize, wheat, soybeans and soybeans have mostly been rising since the beginning of the year, with 59%, 40%, and 48%, respectively, of corn, wheat, and soybot futures settlement prices rising since the beginning of 2020, and are still moving up the road. As the global economy recovers, the prices of agricultural products have risen.
The increase in cultivation activity has led to an increase in demand for potassium chloride, which has been supported by a steady increase in global production of major crops since 2020, as shown in figure 17.
Global cereal production rose from 2,319 million tons to 2,791 million tons in 2012-2021, an increase of 20.4 per cent, according to the OECD-World Food Programme (Oecd-fao) forecast that future global crop production will continue to grow. Production of maize, soybeans, wheat and rice will continue to grow in 2021-2030, respectively.
Since 2010, the price of potassium chloride has gradually moved down the road. After 10 years of depression, potassium chloride is now being used.
The price of potassium chloride has risen significantly since August 2020. As of 23 January 2022, the average price of the domestic market for potassium chloride was $3450 per ton, an increase of 86.5% compared to the previous period, and is still rising. The price of potassium chloride is driven by supply and demand factors.
Lithium carbonate: supply and demand growth in both directions, and development space in 2.2.1. Lithium batteries occupy the main market downstream of lithium carbonate The lithium carbonate industrial chain consists of upstream raw materials, downstream products and end applications.
The salt lake halogenine route is used to extract lithium carbonate from concentrated halogen water either by adsorption or by sedimentation. The lithium concentrate route is based on lithium mine rock, which is sulfate-burning, leaching, purification, sedimentation, etc.
Lithium carbonate is used in a wide variety of downstream applications, with lithium batteries occupying the main market. Lithium carbonate can be used downstream for the processing and production of a variety of industrial products, including tri-materials, phosphate lithium and lithium manganese for the production of power cells, which are used extensively in new-energy automobiles. Lithium cobalt acid is used mainly for manufacturing.
In addition to this, lithium carbonate can be used to produce other industrial products such as ceramics, lithium alloys, lithium-based lubricant.
The combined ratio is 61.2%, the lithium battery industry 68.4%, and other industries 31.6%. Lithium carbonate supply is growing faster and its supply capacity is increasing. According to data from the last five years, the effective capacity of lithium carbonate in 2021 was 46.2 million tons, up from 2017.
The production of lithium carbonate in 2021 was 23.0 million tons, 15.5 per cent higher than in 2017. With the rapid increase in production and production, the supply capacity of lithium carbonate has continued to grow.
The Lithium industry has increased capacity by 30,000 tons, and three enterprises in the Yongchint steel industry, Cino-Sin-Sin-Am and Tianqi have increased production capacity by 20,000 tons. By 2023, it is expected that the additional capacity will reach 218,000 tons. Most of the sub-projects are still under construction. Based on the 462,000 tons of lithium carbonate production available in the country in 2021, the forecast is that
The current capacity of the lithium carbonate industry in the country is about 40%. In absolute terms, the current level of capacity in the lithium carbonate industry is higher than in the lithium industry and the lithium South, respectively.
According to the Hoshikawa Mobil data, the production patterns of the titanium industry and the titanium power industry are about 40,000 tons, the capacity of the titanium industry is about 35,000 tons, and the top five industrial industries are about 172,000 tons. By comparison, the capacity of the titanium industry and the titanium power industry is 9.5%.
Around 40 per cent of the industrial capacity is 40.0 per cent. Figure 25. The distribution of the industrial capacity of lithium carbonate in 2020.
In 2021, our consumption of lithium carbonate reached 303,000.
The rise in the consumption of lithium carbonate is due to an increase in the use of lithium batteries at the end. The increase in the demand for lithium batteries is mainly due to both power cells and storage batteries.
With regard to power cells, the production of power cells increased significantly in 2021. In 2021, the production of power cells in the country accumulated 92.1gwh, an increase of 10.4% from 83.4gwh in 2020. In the future, the production of power cells is expected to increase further with the further expansion of new energy vehicles.
Production of lithium storage batteries is expected to increase considerably in the future, with annual production increasing from year to year. According to high-tech production 5.ogwh and 13.ogwh, the annual compound growth rate is 205%. According to ggii, production of lithium batteries will continue to grow at a high rate over the next five years and will reach 114.7gwh in 2025, compared to that of ggii.
Figure 29. Production of lithium storage batteries increases from year to year 3. Potassium operations complement each other, company performance is expected to increase significantly 3.1. Potassium fertilizer production is stable and profit base is stifling
In order to protect the rational exploitation of salt lake resources, the company ' s production of potassium chloride has not reached full capacity, but has been maintained at an environmentally friendly level. The production of potassium chloride has stabilized at around 1.1 million tons per year in 2019-2020.
86.5% at the international level; as of 25 January 2022, South-East Asia ' s cfr prices stood at $600 per ton, an increase of 152% in the same year; Brazil ' s cfr prices at $790 per ton, an increase of 210% in the same year. Potassium fertilizer prices, after 12 years of depression, began to go up the road.
In this context, the company’s profits are expected to increase significantly. 3.2. Lithium carbonate prices have risen sharply, opening up the company’s second growth curve since 2021. As of 31 December 2021, domestic electricity
The average price of the pool-grade lithium carbonate market was 282,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 425 per cent over the same period. In January-April 2021, the price of lithium carbonate rose from 53,000 yuan to 90,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 70 per cent. In the following three months, the price of lithium carbonate fell slightly, but remained between 80,000 and 900,000 yuan.
Since the beginning of the year, there has been an upward trend, with the domestic lithium carbonate market at a flat price of 370,000 tons as of January 25, 2022. Depending on demand from the new energy sector, we expect future lithium carbonate prices to grow further as company production of lithium carbonate rises.
Lithium carbonate is expected to grow to 10,000 tons in 2022, with an increase of 2,000 tons, which will become a new growth point for corporate performance, taking into account the current market price of lithium carbonate (370,000 tons), when lithium carbonate is added to the business.
The company has taken an important step in expanding its lithium resources by actively acquiring high-quality lithium salt lakes. The company has acquired mining rights and prospecting rights in each of these lakes.
mg/l and above. The resources of the lake have the following advantages: it is mainly halogened water from the lake, it is less difficult to extract, lithium content is high, lithium is low (4:1) and adsorption is more adaptive. When the acquisition is completed, the company will be responsible for the development of the lake and for the technical support and production of lithium.
The company has been able to break through not only the active deployment of lithium resources, but also the continuous breakthroughs in lithium-property technology. Since its inception, the company has succeeded in producing lithium from a very low concentration of halogen, breaking out of a very low concentration of halogen.
Lithium is a worldwide challenge. Since 2017, a number of technological projects have been successfully developed on their own and have made some breakthroughs. First, companies have adopted a simulation continuous bed technology used by biochemicals, which has reduced the use of adsorbents by 50 per cent and has raised the rate to 80 per cent, which has significantly reduced construction costs;
Second, the company uses the "step-by-step" technology. The most common way to produce lithium carbonate is to produce it directly by producing it in a man-made industry, recarbonizing it, producing battery-grade lithium carbonate, using the "simulation of continuous adsorbence, and synthesizing of battery-grade lithium carbonate" and compressing production.
The first phase of the Tibetan lithium industry technology is a national initiative and is now patented for invention. The Tibetan lithium industry's “step-by-step production of battery-grade lithium carbonate” technology is industrialized and, with its application, the product is currently produced in the main.
The emphasis on investment in talent development and research and development, the growing research and development community, and the annual growth of investment in research and development. Since August 2017, when companies decided to move into the lithium carbonate industry, R & D personnel and R & D costs have been growing year by year.
Growth. Between 2018 and 2020, the company ' s R & D personnel were 11, 28 and 30, respectively. R & D costs in the last three quarters amounted to $11.230 million in 2021 as a result of new R & D projects, up from the second half of 2021, with a sustained recovery in the global economy and a rise in the price of Tibetan mining owners.
In terms of prices, the price of the company ' s main product, potassium chloride, is still running at a high level, and lithium carbonate prices have declined somewhat because of the increase in the previous period; and in terms of production, the company is assumed to sell 1 million tons of potassium chloride in 2021.
Lithium carbonate sales increased to 10,000 tons and 12,000 tons, respectively, in 2023. As a result of the company’s pre-positioning of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate operations, the industry experienced a boom in the price of potassium fertilizer and lithium carbonate, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to be excellent in the coming years.
Environmental policy has become tighter, the resources of salt lakes have contracted, and the prices of products have fluctuated.1 Environmental policy has become more stringent: environmental pollution in the country is increasing, and the government is likely to introduce more severe measures.
Environmental protection policies, in turn, put greater pressure on environmental issues in the production of corporate products.2 Salt lake resources are shrinking: the mining of our Salt Lake of Charkhan has been going on for more than 70 years, and there are signs of shrinking resources and falling production in parts of the Salt Lake region.
3. Extremely volatile product prices: The prices of the company ' s main business products are currently on the rise and do not rule out the presence of illegal firms disrupting markets, pushing prices and hoarding goods, which leads to abnormal product prices