Buying (maintenance) by companyupdatechinareresearchedept.
Quarterly reviews: Retail financial operations are clearly characterized and the asset situation improves Quarterly reports issued by merchant banks, yielding 57.1 billion dollars in the first quarter of 2017, a decrease of 2.02 per cent for yoy, a net profit of $20 billion for parent companies, an increase of 8.87 per cent for non-interest income, fees and commissions
There has been a certain decline in revenue, with yay falling by 5.97%, which is good because of the small increase in net interest earnings, and corporate-wide corporate transformation of retail finance as a mainstay of strategies and light banks, offering buy-in investment advice.The performance is largely in line with expectations: 57.1 billion won in the first quarter of 2017, while yoy fell by 2.02%.
Realization of the net profits attributable to the parent company of $20 billion, an increase of 8.87 per cent for yoy, and a strong increase in fees and commission revenues after deduction of the weighted average net capital: the company experienced a drop in its earnings and its fees and commissions performance were the first to suffer, with net fees recorded at $34.9 billion for the entire year in the first quarter of 17 years and 5.97 per cent for yoy;
In terms of interest income, the net difference between yoy falls by 15 bp to 2.43 per cent, but interest-bearing asset size, product combinations return to double-digit growth of 10.12 per cent, with a combined effect of net corporate interest in the first quarter of 17
Income increased by 177 per cent, recording $34.9 billion, and asset quality as a whole was manageable: in terms of asset quality, 1.76 per cent was negative at the end of the first quarter of 17, with institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa
On the other hand, companies have increased their loan value readiness by 209% coverage, an increase of 26 percentage points from the end of last year, and there is some scope for future corporate profit performance.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: Looking ahead, monetary easing is over, central bank mpa checks, capital costs in the banking sector are under some pressure, interest differentials are still under a lot of pressure, banks are not unique, but it's better to diversify than other banks.
In a combination of these findings, we expect the company to transform slightly in 2017 and 2018 into a light bank, offering investment advice to buy.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: Chinaresearchdept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.