Full-scale domestic production of basic hardware and software, with long-term potential, 29 \triangleright 2024
In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved operating income of $5.449 billion, an increase of 29.65 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers — $277 million; net profit for non-mothers — $284 million.
\triangleright Sang-Hung-Hung-kwan has built the first operating system in the industry with a cross-command set of swanlinkos, working with Liad, Elliott, and leading companies like Meteor, to launch the All-Technology Auto-Technology Portal solution.
Mine protections such as high/low pressure on swanlinkos have been successfully commercialized, and multiple open-source products in the electricity sector have been issued jointly with partners. 2) Open-source Ora: Self-researched version of the enterprise server operating system (EOS) has completed the compatibility of the mainstream national production server cpu and has completed the Opleuler
District osv certification, compatibility with the national mainstream database/intermediate manufacturer, one-stop service tool chain tool systems tool Tooles 2.0 and Onewermanagedby soft-wire power solutions and accompanying transport platform tools.) Open source Gus: Self-researched commercial distribution day of the database based on the inter-opngauss core
Joins the gaussdb database ' s eco-development programme with a major telecommunications facility.
Co-published "Industry Financial Movables Financial Warehouse Solutions " . 4) Middle: Self-researched Skyflake Graphics Framework Open Platform, involved in the development of the Opneuler Community Graphics Framework, as head of the openharmony Community Graphics Frames setup sig group, built a model for the energy industry. 5) Basic hardware: Soft Power Substitution/Scope
1. Flexible power (301236.sz) event review: "Foot + Hard" in combination with "Foot + Hard" and "Foot + Hard" to grow up with a single machine, a single machine, a single machine, a single heart partner.
The integration platform, ai-train, etc., while acquiring China ' s identity as a partner in the One-Multi-Tone solution, without strengthening its integration with the other parties, will be promising in the future in areas such as the back-up of domestic servers, consumer electronics, etc.
\triangleright 2023: Increased global competition, deceleration of economic growth, dynamism of business growth and expected full recovery of soft power (301236.sz) semi-annual report 2023
A series of factors put pressure on the growth of companies and led to a decline in their performance. In the face of intense competition in the market, the assessment: the strategic layout continues to move forward, with a number of forces, such as letter-making, ai, and so forth.
Implementation of advisory and digital technology services, computation of product and digital infrastructure, digital energy and intelligence services, country 4. Soft power (301236.sz) company incident evaluation: Four major business growth strategies for inter-linkages. 2024q1 business income increased by 29.65 per cent over the same period, with a higher contractual liability
The first growth of 136.38 per cent in the “new flag” of the national production operating system, released in Buola, is partly indicative of the firm's trend towards good business in 2024.
Investment proposals: In close cooperation with China, the company actively develops an autonomous, flexible, integrated and innovative business, carrying a new flag of the national production operating system - 2022/11/ \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.