2023: New business robust, “software one” model, innovative business and emerging industry direction, “software integration” business model
The year 2023 was marked by an external environmental impact, with a decline in corporate business income on a year-on-year basis, and a drop in the net profit phase of the parent period to almost five years. But, by pro-reflection and active nurturing of the new growth poles, two main directions of digital innovation and strategic emerging industries have been achieved.
Amounted to 47.48%, and the share of income generated by strategic emerging industries reached $6,411 million, or 36.47%. The large-scale integrated services project, with a sustained winning national firm, generated 1,319 million yuan (+24.08%) in advisory and solution operations. Together with cloud companies such as Hua, they expanded their operations out of the sea and made breakthroughs in several overseas markets, including the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Viet Nam, and Singapore, Malaysia.
In addition, through strategic mergers and acquisitions of computers, it quickly seized the new course in the manufacturing industry of the national production numeracy infrastructure. In 2024, q1, Soft Conduit Calculator (Commercial Computer) and IQ International joined the company, and Soft Conduit Computers (Commercial Computers) continued to lead the market in the education, political and political sectors.
We believe that corporate basic software services and the management and operational synergy of home-grown computing operations are expected to yield results over the next 1-2 years. The new "basic software services plus basic computing products" is one thing.
In terms of digital energy and smart computing services, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung based on the swanlinkos operating system.
Zou Yunfan Development Board and Modules; joined over 30 strategic partners to build nearly 50 commercial equipment covering mines, transportation, Lu Jung Yu
6 major sectors: education, energy (electricity); co-publishing the first programable smart controller, with 20+ tags and 60+ certifications; working together with the water transport yard to promote the modernization of water transport equipment, and working with the Rainbow Section to optimize the technical system of the Luong operating system.
Integrated products, serving industry clients in a soft and hard form; as the first member of the open source board of the Mindspore, providing one-stop service to clients on model training, application reasoning and arithmetic development; and continuous and increased input around thira/tung chips in the communities of Eura, Gaussse, and Thought Open Source. In the field of digital energy, active participation in the new generation of distribution grids
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Liaoning Province Administration and Xing China Air Securities Ltd., with full funding to establish Liaoning Soft-Tense and New Technology Ltd., and with full implementation of Liaoning Province Virtual Power.
The semi-annual review of digital innovation shows resilience, the construction and operation of plants, emergency dual-use power exchange stations, and the construction of the Shenyang flagship shop.
In October 2023, the winning bid, "China Telecommunications Ningxia 2023 Arithmetic Service Set" , was built around China to create an eco-economy for the future, focusing on emerging industries.
In the future, it will be structured around the country’s “East and West” hub node cluster, planning its own intelligence centres, building high-performance numeracy infrastructure, and providing integrated numeracy services. We believe that the company’s brand-new integrated business model of “software services plus numeracy products” will be either a future or a driving force for enterprise consolidation.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; technology overlaps are accelerating; and market competition is increasing. Namely, the team has a deeper stock of industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.