China is a core partner in the acquisition of Chinese digital economy enablers, and the capacity for innovation continues to grow.
The high-quality customer base, the capacity of a full store of digital technology services, the coverage of key strategic emerging industries, the completion of a complete layout in major Chinese cities and overseas priority regions, has become a core competitive advantage in the area of digital technology services. Companies focus on innovation and sustainability.
30 capacity centres have been built, with 1 national engineering laboratory, 6 provincial and municipal engineering, technical laboratory and research and development centres, 1 post-doctoral research work site, 50+ eco-cooperative system of technical partners to encourage innovation in research and development in a variety of ways and with continuous exploration
High commercial potential for cutting-edge technology. In 2023, companies achieved business income of 175.81 computers and international mergers and acquisitions by their counterparts, increased costs of integrating initial business integration, organizational connections and other costs, and increased interest payments on M&A loans, adding to fluctuations in market demand during spring festivals and large cores.
A combination of the effects of customer price competition and the expiration of the value added tax plus offset policy. Constructing a new development model, intellectualizing the number of enabling industries.
Hong-Hung-kwan-kwan-kwan-kwan-kwan-kwan built the first operating system in the industry with a cross-command set of swanlinkos, released the All-Burn Auto-Tech-Card solution, agreed on a strategic partnership with many leading companies, in the coal industry.
Successful commercialization of mining, electricity, etc.; in open-source Eurola, the soft-powered enterprise version operating system Steamos (issueos) completed compatibility with the mainstream national production server cpu/database/intermediator, and released a one-stop service tool chain and platform tool, successful
In the case of open-source Gaussian, the company developed its own commercial distribution version of the database based on the opengas core, db (issuedb), and launched the Skylark Data Management Platform.
In the middle, the company’s Skycracker Graphics Framework Development Platform has been successfully landed in the energy sector; at the one and large model levels, the company has published the Soft SkyZone 2.omaas Platform, and in bank insurance.
Incentive business intelligence in a number of vertical areas, such as retailing, general management; in the area of corporate management softfields, the number of intellectual assets and strategic-level customers of treasury products in corporate ownership continued to grow, and the number of orders from clients of the company achieved rapid growth; and in the area of financial intelligence in enterprises, the Treasury.
(b) At the level of digital infrastructure and system integration, the company has the capacity to provide one-storey services from hardware, arithmetic base, model algorithms to the application of the ai platform.
In the past few years, the Chinese government has been able to create a digital system for many of its customers through the launch of a national chip-publishing machine series, which has successfully completed the digitalization of several of its customers, and the construction of a cloud-bottoming platform based on the Tungai training and integration platform, which has been found in many applications, such as scientific institutions, airport control centres, etc.
China is an important partner, a full embrace of Hong Meng Ecology, and the company is a major partner of China, the first huawaeihilink software service provider, actively involved in the development of Hong Meng Ecology.
The company has a long history of working with China as a partner to embrace the core development strategy of Hong Ming Ji-jun Eco 1+8+n, and to promote Hong Ming Ji-Un's ecological prosperity. As of March 2024, soft power has been working with more than 400 equipment plants in various industries.
Business has established ecological cooperation to help connect more than 1,100 products to the Hong Michien ecology, of which more than 600 products have been certified by the Hong Michien eco-products, leading the industry. At the same time, the company has officially launched a co-operation in the development of the Xinjin species, which will be based on hardware in the future.
Baseline atpuneuler, development of kunpengdevkit, application enabler kunpeng Boostkit, development of raw applications for the financial, electrical, medical and other industries, and continuous release of better-performing commercial software versions, and creation of an indigenous application
By acquiring 100 per cent of their computers, 100 per cent of their international shares and 51 per cent of Chengdu Wisdom, the company acquired full-scale “soft-hardware” digital service capabilities for its clients, and more so, by acquiring 100 per cent of their computers, 100 per cent of their international shares and 51 per cent of Chengdu wisdom.
On May 14, in a fierce competition, the so-called " co-computers" succeeded in taking the largest share of the current central state agency ' s 2024 desktop bulk acquisition project.
Partners, benefiting from eco-building such as Hong Meng and Ola; companies acquiring computers, perfecting their hardware capabilities, and working with software hardware, are expected to move into a new phase. For the first time, downstream customers’ demand has not expanded as expected; policy drives are volatile; and product technology studies are being developed.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.