Positive securities (601901) are reported to be evaluated in 2016.
Overall performance was higher than expected, and companies performed much better than the industry as a whole. The net revenue from corporate brokerage fell much less than the industry as a whole. Investment revenue, management income, was higher than the industry as a whole. The net return on investment was also higher than expected.
Brokering and Internet finance have developed strongly. Companies have promoted corporate brokering by establishing flat-level management models and standards, and a sophisticated business appraisal system.
In 2016, the “small party” ranked third in the category of coupons for the month-on-month active growth rate. The size of the company increased, its configuration diversified, and its own business performance gained visibility.
The company’s own operations have increased the configuration of its innovative operations by increasing the configuration of its own business, while also actively setting up the areas of port equity, gold, and so on. The returns on investment in self-employment equity and fixed-income industries have reached -203% and 6.29%, respectively, and have exceeded the market levels for the same period.
In 2016, corporate governance expected a sustained high growth of corporate capital. Investment revenue increased considerably.
The model reached $38.5 billion, an increase of 46 per cent. The net income of the company's investment portfolio grew by 59.89 per cent over the year.
Corporate performance in 2016 was excellent compared to industry. Company forecast figure 1: Summary of company operating income projections
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equity, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.