The lithium industry (002460.sz) is neutral (first rating) and is constantly gaining access to the taps of lithium electric materials, and to the high-speed integration of lithium electricity. Based on its traditional areas of advantage, the company is gradually building up a system that includes the following:
The upstream lithium resource extraction, the deep processing of lithium compounds, the production of lithium metal, the production of lithium batteries, and the recycling of lithium have grown into an integrated industry.
Beginning in 2015, the company increased its investments in lithium resources globally, acquiring shares in the Canadian international lithium industry, the Irish Lithium Stone Mine, the Argentine mariana halogen mine and the Australian Arim company, respectively, and gradually realizing self-sufficiency in raw materials.
The company currently has a capacity of 230.000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, 12,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide, 1,500 tonnes/year of lithium metal, 500 tonnes/year of lithium butylline and 1,500 tonnes/year of lithium fluorine. In the company ' s current known capacity planning, this includes 20,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide.
Production lines, 1.75 million tons of lithium carbonate production lines and 500 tons of lithium butyl lithium production lines are expected to be fully operational by 2019, and the company’s capacity will reach about 80,000 tons per year by 2019.
Into high-precision team layouts of solid-state batteries, into the Cyclops' crowns of the Wall into a new energy complex, to build the cycle, the technology layout of lithium battery recovery, the deep layout of lithium battery downstream industry, to form a complete integrated lithium electricity product, we appreciate the growth in the performance of the company's production, which is expected to be the company's main product, lithium carbonate, in 2019.
Production capacity will reach 40,000 tons, lithium helium oxide capacity will reach 28,000, and production capacity will grow faster: The risk of lower-than-expected sales of new energy vehicles: the risk of low demand for lithium due to weak macroeconomic growth;
Lithium battery products, such as lithium carbonate, are at significant risk of falling prices. First, the supply and demand structure of the lithium industry is moving towards easing. Global lithium resources exist in the form of lithium ore, salt lake lithium and lithium cloud mothers, mainly in Chile and Australia.
Countries such as Bolivia, Argentina, etc. Supply side: Accelerating release Lithium quartz: Still a masquerading pattern.
▪ More than 90% of the global production of lithium quarries is concentrated in the greenbushes, mtcattlin, mtmarion three lithium quarries, with mining rights contracted by the talison, galaxyresources, and rim companies, controlling 90% of the world’s lithium quarries. At the supply end, the future will produce wodgina, pilbara, altura,
Lithium salt lake: the pattern is stable, and the global production of lithium from salt lake is concentrated in three countries: Chile, Argentina, and China.
The salt lake pattern is stable. The global salt lake lithium company consists mainly of sqm, alb, fmc, with large reserves of salt lakes in Chile, the United States and Argentina, which together account for 74 per cent of global salt lake lithium production.
The increase in global lithium production in salt lakes is mainly due to the increase in lithium production in Chilean salt lakes, which is expected to reach 252,944 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent for the whole of 2020.
Lithium oxide reserves of 5.65 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent for the IYO resources, with a grade of 0.708 per cent, are the world ' s largest lithium cloud carrier, accounting for 33.8 per cent of the national lithium resource reserves and 7 per cent of the global lithium resource reserves.
Figure 10: Global Lithium Resource Supply Demand End: Rapid Release  Global Lithium Demand End is used mainly in three areas: industrial demand, new energy vehicles, 3c products, etc.
To 96% of total demand. Of this amount, 54% of lithium resources were used at the end of industrial demand in 2017, 27% in new energy vehicles, 15% in 3c products, 4% in energy storage batteries and others.
According to the SAC, China ' s production of new energy vehicles in 2017 reached 74.50 million, or about 50% of the world ' s total. We expect that production of new energy vehicles will continue at an average annual rate of about 40% in the next three years, with China ' s production reaching 2.29 million in 2020.
The power cell is the main growth point for lithium resource demand. At present, the main material in the market for power cell positive atoms is lithium phosphate, tri-materials, and lithium manganese acid, while raw materials for electrolyte fluids need to be used for lithium hexafluoride.
Power cell structure splits. Triple materials are used mainly for vehicles because of their high energy density and combination. Lithium phosphate is based on low cost, with better safety and stability, and is used mainly for passenger vehicles. Lithium carbonate is still relatively demanding.
Lithium sour is the raw material of the new energy vehicle, so market demand for lithium carbonate is still strong. And the high nickel trio of ncm811 and nca stands for currently in the range of 5 to 10%.
▪ Assuming that the domestic consumption of lithium by new energy vehicles is 40% of the global rate. Global consumption of lithium by power cells is expected to reach 101,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate equivalent in 2018 and 227,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate equivalent in 2020.
Product 3c: Demand stability Lithium Cobaltate is a positive material for 3c product batteries, which is closely related to the production of 3c products. In 2017, the total volume of 3c products was 2,165 million, a decrease of 1.88 per cent. The demand for lithium is stable for battery materials.
And the market is basically saturated, and the demand for lithium for 3c products is relatively elastic. Global demand for lithium for 3c products amounted to 35,398 tons in 2017, a slower rate than in the previous year, and is expected to fall further closer to 0% in the future, with a more stable demand for lithium.
Traditional industries: The demand base is large The demand for lithium in traditional industries is mainly for additives such as lubricant, ceramics and glass, air-conditioning chillers, etc. The demand is relatively stable.
Energy storage cells: low demand base Lithium is used in three main types of energy storage batteries, namely, the negative apole material of lithium primary batteries, lithium ion cells in lithium electric bicycles, and energy saving for solar/wind/renewable energy power generation equipment
Accumulated batteries. In 2017, the combined lithium consumption of energy batteries amounted to 9,718 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, with a projected lithium consumption of 13,214 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent in 2020, the rate of increase will be stable at around 10%. The absolute demand for lithium for storage energy cells is about 5% of the total demand, and the demand base is smaller.
In the four main applications of lithium demand, the new energy vehicle is the most elastic component of lithium demand, and the 3c product is relatively stable in its demand for lithium, due to a weak delivery volume, a lack of elasticity in traditional industrial lithium demand, and a small base of energy battery demand.
The transition from supply to demand to supply is relatively easy  in 2017, the transition from supply to demand to supply overflow will be gradual in 2018. The shift from structure to supply overhang and prices will decline gradually. As of September 10, 2018, industrial-grade carbon.
Lithium acid prices are down to $7.45 million per ton (taxed), and battery-grade lithium carbonate prices are down to $84,000 per toll. Three cost lines will support the price of lithium carbonate. 6-eight million ton (taxed) of lithium clouds, 4-six thousand ton (taxed) ores, 20-30 million ton (taxed) of salt lakes.
Lithium cost line. The price of lithium carbonate is expected to be supported near the cost range of lithium ore.
The lithium industry was established early in 2000 and, after 18 years of development, grew into a lithium electric tap company that runs the chain of lithium batteries. The company made a stock listing in 2010 and then entered the fast-growing segment. The company’s main products are currently lithium metal, lithium carbonate, lithium chloride, buttylline lithium, lithium fluorine, etc.
Through the extension of the industrial chain up and down, the company’s main business has expanded and expanded from the earliest lithium processing industry to the upstream lithium mining and downstream lithium cell industries.
From 2013 to 2017, the company’s main business income was from $686 million, which consisted of deep-processed lithium compounds and metal lithium and lithium salt products.
▪ Deep Processed lithium compounds series  Metal lithium and lithium salt products  Deep Processed lithium compounds series
▪ Metal lithium and lithium salt series products  Lithium batteries, electron cores and their direct materials  and other operations  Lithium batteries, electron cores and their direct materials  and other operations
In the early stages of its development, the company was positioned as a large, medium-sized smelter to expand access to raw materials and reduce the impact on the company of price fluctuations in raw materials.
From 2011, companies began to acquire shares in lithium resources, and since 2015 have accelerated the deployment of global lithium resources. So far, companies have acquired the right to package, mainly through equity participation, and have achieved full self-sufficiency of raw materials, which in the future will not preclude further acquisitions of controlled and high-quality resources.
Figure 35: The company actively acquires lithium resource raw materials mtmarion mtmarion is the company ' s current main supplier of lithium mines.
With 400,000 tonnes/year of capacity, mtmarion produced steadily every quarter by the second quarter of 2018, producing about 100,000 tonnes of lithium concentrate (wet tonnes). According to the company ' s marketing agreement with mtmarion, in 2017-2019, the industry will have sold all lithium concentrates, at least 49% after 2019.
The ratio of high-grade lithium concentrates to the output of mtmarion is gradually rising. In the first half of 2018, the company exported 181,000 wet tons of lithium concentrate, of which 6% of grade lithium concentrate was exported 101,000 wet tons, and 4% of grade was exported 80,000 wet tons. In 2018, mtmarion will provide.
With 400,000 tons of lithium concentrate and a steady increase in the proportion of lithium concentrate at 6 per cent grade, the company expects to complete the technical changes by 2018 to raise all 4 per cent of lithium concentrates to 6 per cent of grade. The effects of scale have been highlighted and costs stabilized.
In the first half of 2017, cfr costs amounted to approximately $480/t, and since the second half of 2017, with the complete release of capacity as the company was gradually completed, the cost per ton of cfr fell to $410-433/t, with input from the company's future automated carbon fibre manufacturing equipment and bulk ore shuttle system
The sale price of lithium concentrate is expected to go down. The sales price of lithium concentrate is 2017h1, 2017h2, 2018h1, 565, 674, 752 dry tons (excluding taxes). The sale price of lithium concentrate is mainly for lithium concentrate.
As the prices of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide are moored, as the prices of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide return, and as a reference to some of the prices of refined minerals overseas, we expect that since the prices of lithium carbonate overseas are somewhat behind schedule compared to domestic prices, as the international price of lithium carbonate falls, lithium 2019
The price of concentrates has been reduced or gradually reduced to about US$ 650/dry tons (excluding taxes).
An average lithium oxide grade of 1.32 per cent. The Plugangoora phase was launched in the second quarter of 2018. The company ' s first phase of 2 million tons/year of ore disposal capacity was operational in the second quarter of 2018. In June 2018, the company shipped the first shipment of 85,000 wet tons of lithium from the port of Hedland to China.
80 per cent of the design capacity was achieved in early September 2018, with the primary processing rate reaching 2.2 million tons per year producing approximately 160,000 tons of lithium concentrate. 6 per cent of tons of grade lithium concentrate, and the second three million tons/year ore disposal expansion project is expected to be in 2019
After the completion of the project, the production of the Pilbara minirals phase provided a good complement and guarantee for the supply of raw materials. Plugangoora’s single-ton operating costs are expected to be slightly lower than the mtmarion.
Lithium oxide has a grade of 1.27 per cent, slightly less than 1.35 per cent of mtmarion, both of which are new occurrences, at a relatively similar cost; however, as revenues from the plugangoora by-products of tantalum can be offset against the cost of lithium concentrate mining, the cost of tantalum mining is currently estimated at approximately $91 per pound (including taxes) and is currently projected to be around $91 per pound.
Plugangoora's one-ton operating costs will be slightly lower than the cost of mtmarion. Pilbaraminerals are divided. In terms of the equity structure, the largest shareholder's HSBC holds only 9.29% of the shares and the stock holding structure is relatively fragmented, which will help companies to continue to increase their holdings in the future.
The distribution structure is clear. Currently, the product packages for pilbaraminerals are complete, and, in terms of the distribution structure, the first and second product packages have been distributed, with a total of 310,000 tonnes/year in the first and second periods, while the rest is owned by companies such as the Great Wall.
Cauchari-olaroz cauchari-olaroz is located in the department of Jujuy, Argentina, with 3.8 x 108 m3 of halo water reserves, about 11.7 million tons of lithium carbonate and a grade of 585 mg/l, which is expected to be mined for 40 years.
The cauchari-olaroz construction project began in 2018 and is expected to be completed by early 2020. It is expected to produce 25,000 tons per year.
Lithium carbonate supply. The Lithium industry will cover a total of 25,000 tons of battery-grade cauchari-olaroz salt lake for the first stage of the planned production capacity. Mineraexar will be responsible for mining.
50% of the stock of mineraexar, while the Lithium of the Americas carries the debt into equity. After the transaction is over, the titanium industry will hold 37.5% of the share of the meeraexar and the lithium industry of the Americas will hold the remaining 62.5% of the mariana.
The Mariana lithium- potassium halo-mining project, located in the Andes region of western Argentina, crosses the salt lake of llullaillaco, mainly lithium, potassium, with the ratio of lithium to potassium salt lake being approximately 1:19. The project contains lithium, halogenated water reserves of 1,127 million cubic metres, which are estimated to contain 25 million tons of lithium metal and potassium metal.
475 million tons. Construction started in 2019 and is still in the planning stage.iv. Medium-to-medium capacity, rapid growth in production capacity.  The company currently owns 23,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate production, 12,000 tonnes/year of lithium hydroxide production, and lithium metal
Production capacity 1,500 tonnes/year, buttyl-dithium production capacity 500 tonnes/year, fluorine capacity 1,500 tonnes/year, lithium salt plus industrial capacity nearly 40,000 tonnes. According to the company ' s current plan, future capacity expansion will be mainly: 20,000 tonnes of lithium hydrogen oxide production line, expected to be operational in the first half of 2018; 175,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate production line, expected
Production began in the fourth quarter of 2018. It is expected that by the end of 2019, lithium salt processing could produce more than 80,000 tons.
The company acquired 100% of Shenzhen’s shares in 2015 at $367 million. Shenzhen’s shares were mainly directed at smart tablet computers, smart phones, laptops, and the brain, providing lithium ion polymer batteries. The company began entering the 3c battery field.
In December 2017, the company announced the establishment of a fully funded subsidiary, Zhejiang Lithium Zhejiang, to invest in construction for a period not exceeding 250 million yuan.
On December 21, 2015, the company signed a joint-stock subscription agreement with Huachang, Beijing, for $49.86 million of its own funds.
The Wall Crown has completed research on energy control and protection systems for pure electric cars, integrated vehicle control systems, carbon fibre body and aluminum magnesium skeletal skeletal techniques, and has issued a large number of patent applications. The company has set up a new energy whole-of-the-art area, which is going down for the company's future.
In 2009, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary to regenerate lithium, and in 2016 it set up the technology to regenerate it.
In 2017, a lithium phosphate battery recovery production line was constructed, with an average annual recovery capacity of about 1,000 tons of lithium carbonate. A three-dollar battery recovery production line will be constructed in 2018. It is expected to have a recovery capacity of 3.4 million tons of batteries, or 3.000-5.000 tons of carbon.
▪ With the progressive decline in lithium carbonate prices, part of the plant cost line has now fallen, part of the plant has been shut down, the lithium salt industry is moving to the stage of shuffling, and as excess capacity is gradually de-emerged in the future, the ipe method: we choose the relevant shares in the lithium industry to be comparable companies, with reference to the comparison company 2018pe
pb method: we choose the relevant shares in the lithium industry to be comparable companies, with a reference to a comparable company's 2018 pb projection average value of 2.40 times the average, corresponding to the company's share price, which is similar to the company's current stock price, and for the first time covered, with a “neutral” rating, based on the net asset of 7.89 in the lithium industry.
The new energy car subsidy policy is significantly lower than expected. If the new energy car subsidy policy is significantly lower than expected, the growth of the new energy vehicle will be curtailed and the three-dollar material business will not be developed as expected, thus discouraging the growth in demand for lithium resources, thereby affecting the price of lithium electricity products.
Lithium battery products, such as lithium carbonate, are at a significant risk of falling prices. If future demand falls or supply increases significantly, the price of lithium battery products, such as lithium carbonate, is at a significant risk.
In addition to new energy cars, the demand for cobalt is distributed in areas such as 3c, manufacturing. If macroeconomic growth is weak, the demand for lithium in these areas will be contained, thereby affecting the price of lithium.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment