Qingdao Beer (168.hk/60000.ch): Average sales list Lin Hingka holding the Port's “buy-in” and a'possession'
• 3q25 income trends are weak, but the fundamentals are still robust: 3q25 green beverages have fallen by 0.2% over the same period, further weaker than 2q25. The weak income trends are mainly due to companies in the prevailing context of low consumption in the beer industry in China, increased marketing and pressure on the current drinking channels.
The average sales unit price has been negative and has fallen slightly. However, sales of 3q25 have remained modestly positive, and have been better than some of the high-end price bands. The company’s 3q25 Māori ratio and operating profit ratio have expanded significantly, with the help of a continuing decline in single-ton costs and 3q25 operating profit margins.
A 12 per cent increase in lubricant. However, a significant decline in interest income has contributed to a 1.6 per cent increase in the ratio of 3q25 net return to the mother, while revenue performance has fallen short of expectations, 3q25 operates cash flows in the same amount as Aoshima beer (168.hk)
This represents a significant increase of 96.7 per cent, with net cash (including transactional financial assets) remaining stable at the end of the period, reflecting the fundamentals of the company’s healthy financial efficiency and soundness.
This represents a small increase of 0.3 to 2162 million. Of these, the sales of Qingjia's brand have increased by 4.2% over the same year (higher than the overall sales of the company), while the sales of medium- and high-value products have increased by 6.8% over the same year (higher than the sales of the main brand). This means that the overall product structure of the brand has been better.
The average turnover (million Hong Kong dollars) on March is a negative 0.5 per cent increase in unit prices on a year-on-year basis, which is expected mainly as a result of increased promotion and a further shift in the distribution of channels from the current to the home channel.
The decline in ton alcohol costs continues to drive the expansion of 3q25 operating margins: 3q25 tons of alcohol costs have decreased by 2.97 per cent on a year-by-year basis, a narrow decline compared to the first half of the year, but there is still room for an increase in the Māori and operating margins of 3q25 compared to the 2026 MB ratio.
• Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of the Green Bay Unit, maintenance of the “take-in” rating of the a share: outlook 4q25, no significant improvement in the cost-reducing environment and the industry's low season, with a short-term absence of positive catalytic factors for share prices. Based on the current low valuation level of the Greenport Unit and relatively high dividends
• Investment risk: 1) Prices of raw materials have increased faster than expected; 2) Medium- and high-end beer has increased at a slower rate than PARK International Study, Financial Statements Analysis and Forecasting - Aoshima Beer
Promising and pessimistic scenarios for the international spob international spob international spob international spdbi
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income and profit rates are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing better than expected Companies are operating at a profit margin level of 130bps in 2026.
Piljin International Spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario (600600.ch)
Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income and profit rates are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes and profit rates are growing better than expected Companies are operating at a profit margin level of 130bps in 2026.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]