Quarterly reviews by the Volkswagen Group: the solar system is beautiful and the profit ring is better, the solar system is growing at a high rate, the autonomous beauty is under pressure. The company publishes a quarterly report, and it's operational.
The US system is a drag, short-term performance pressure. Autonomous brands are now trying to move forward, cost controls are beginning to work, and the net interest rate ring q1 has risen significantly.
Toyota sold 190,000 and 170,000 vehicles, an increase of 11 per cent and 46 per cent in the same year, and the car market performed well. With the introduction of a new replacement model for the two fields and the climbing of the new production capacity, future sales are expected to rise even further; and the US-wide Volkswagen Fique 20,000, a 41 per cent decline in the same year, sales and performance pressure.
In the post-subsidization era, new energy cars compete and total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The show, where companies with strong products win, can see the rigour and determination of the new energy sources in terms of technology development up to 12 months/minimum. The company is actively embracing electric developments and introducing a brand-new pure electric flat.
The stage, which is now on the market, is a new version of the classic multi-car version and the aion series, and the aions wide group (601238), the Pacific Cars, has over 15,000 orders for less than a month to speak with merit.
Wide-bond group: solar double-field sales, from master to stock adjustment stage.
" The cycle will continue " - " High performance growth in 2018/08/28 and the pace of the development landscape " .
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report