Market performance declined, and joint venture expansionary support performance stabilized on 10 May 2019: on 30 April 2019, the Boaing Group disclosed the first quarter of 2019. In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved a gross operating income of $14.37 billion, a 26.11 per cent decline from the previous quarter.
In the first quarter of 2019, the automobile market continued to weaken, and companies were under pressure. In the first quarter of 2019, the company was under pressure.
Autonomous brands have declined significantly, and joint ventures have been growing. In the first quarter of 2019, the autonomous and joint venture modules were divided. 88,000 vehicles, \triangleright and 41.04% more, were sold on a wide-scale vehicle basis. Wide-blown Fickers sold 22,000 cars, a significant 41.32% decline.
In 2019, new autonomous brands such as gm6, medium-term changes gs8 and replacement gs4 were placed on the market, and new vehicles such as aions, pure electricity b-suv were expected to be marketed.
Autonomous power systems operate optimally, coupled with assets to secure a sufficient supply. A full-fledged subsidiary is created in a wide-scale vehicle, focusing on power systems such as engines and gearboxes \triangleright
In order to improve the performance of the company, the power system operates independently, with flexibility to respond to the needs of its customers, and to achieve a dynamic mix of external sales. The new Toyota energy capacity project is well under way and is scheduled to be completed by 2022. The new base is expected to produce 400,000 new vehicles, which will break through.
Existing production bottlenecks facilitate the import of more new joint ventures and contribute to a smooth growth of the joint venture system. Risk factors: significant downside risks in the automobile market; slower-than-expected landing of new projects; faster-than-anticipated pace of industrial policy change. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Fan Haibo, Executive Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Master of Science (Geochemistry) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Master of Management (Finance) of Concordia University, Canada. Senior engineer at the General Institute of Survey and Research, Department of Metallurgical Research, seven years in Ghana, for empirical research on North American financial markets, and several financial market papers, including reviewaboutsmarkets, journalreportfoliomanage, journalflying and other well-known Euro-Americans.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.