Joint venture autonomy, steady growth of new vehicle escorts 30 April 2019: On March 30, 2019, the Guang Gas Group revealed the 2018 annual report. In 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of $72.38 billion, an increase of 1.13 per cent.
In 2018, the company sold 2,149,000 and 2.147.9 million vehicles, an increase of 8.77 per cent and 7.34 per cent compared to the previous year, maintaining a strong trend of negative growth. In 2018, the car market was characterized by low demand, a higher level of promotion, a decline of 3.7 percentage points over 2017, and a fall in the gross company stock.
Companies increase their R&D inputs in areas such as traditional dynamics and new energy sources, strengthen their autonomous and innovative capacity-building, and increase their R&D costs by 66.73%. Companies ' net profit on non-return is $9.8 billion over the same period, down 4.72% over the same period.
Autonomy has been growing and joint ventures have been growing well. New cars, such as the autonomous brands gs5 and ga4, have been on the market in 2018, selling more than half a million cars for two years, a 5.23 per cent increase in \triangleright compared to the same year. Joint ventures have continued to grow well in 2018, with Honda Hiro and Toyota growing steadily, and Toyota and Hiroto.
New cars such as Song and Big Command are on the market, and the new eighth generation of Camerry has seen a strong increase in sales of 31.11 per cent and 22.69 per cent, respectively, of Hiroshima Toyota and Hiroto Mitsubishi, and more than 20,000 new energy vehicles, an increase of 38.1.36 per cent, compared to the previous year.
In 2019, new vehicles such as gm6, medium-term changes gs8 and replacement gs4 were on the market, new cars such as aions, pure electrical level bsuv were expected to be marketed, and seven joint ventures such as Honda Ji were expected to be marketed. Multiple new vehicles were expected to be marketed, helping companies to develop smoothly.
The company’s accumulated cash share in 2018 was $3,887 million, an increase of 2.64%. Profit forecasts and ratings: the vehicle market is weak and competition is likely to increase, and we lower the company’s profit forecast for 2019-2021.
The Bureau’s reserve growth space, we maintain a corporate “growth” rating. Sinda Securities Ltd. Risk factors: the risk of a sharp fallback in the automobile market; and the pace of industrial policy change that exceeds the expected risk.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Fan Haibo, Executive Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Master of Science (Geochemistry) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Master of Management (Finance) of Concordia University, Canada. Senior engineer at the General Institute of Survey and Research, Department of Metallurgical Research, seven years in Ghana, for empirical research on North American financial markets, and several financial market papers, including reviewaboutsmarkets, journalreportfoliomanage, journalflying and other well-known Euro-Americans.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.