The performance of 21q1 performance at the same high base last year was steady, with a double-sink development (000895), a quarterly review in 2021, a stocktaking report/food and beverages industry.
On April 28, 2021, the double-sink development published a report for the first quarter of 2021, yielding $18,318 million in 21q1, or +4.13 per cent of the year;
The performance of 2021q1 remained almost the same as in the same period last year, with the same rate of increase at the same time as the high base effect, which was affected by the high prices of pigs, which resulted in a significant increase in the revenue from slaughtering operations, as well as an increase in demand for meat products as a result of the epidemic, and an increase in the company ' s performance by effectively controlling costs by increasing the import of pork from abroad.
The fall in prices led to a slight decline in the revenue from slaughter operations; the decline in demand for meat products as a result of the normalization of the epidemic, with companies increasing sales inputs to add to the high base effect of the same period last year, with a similar drop in performance. With regard to the associated transactions, 2021q1 companies purchased raw materials such as meat, supplements, etc. from abroad totalled 2,864 million yuan.
Compared to -3.47%. Domestic pork prices have fallen year-on-year, corporate meat product cost-control pressures have decreased, imported meat regulations, slaughter operations have dragged back the Māori rate, meat products have been sold well, and sales costs have been reduced by 2021q1 Māori at 16.26%, compared to 0.70 ppt, owing to the introduction of new revenue guidelines and transportation costs
This is due to the decline in the Group's average loan principal and interest rates and lower interest payments over the same period.
By 2021, the company will continue to develop new products, improve product structures, and promote new channels for catering. By 2020, the company will increase its marketing input, targeting hot wind, hot?
In the words of the United Head Red and Flow Star, live broadcasts were launched to promote brand rejuvenation, fashion, and a step-by-step increase in brand impact.
Double-sink development (000895), tri-annual report 2020: Stocktaking, profits, double-sink development (000895), semi-annual report 2020
In the hope of a return to the productive capacity of the beneficiary, the meat industry is growing well over the long term, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,