Double-sink development The slaughtering business is profitable and the restructuring of meat products is accelerating to achieve faster annual growth, with 4q20 below expectations.
The annual double-sink development review is expected to result in a loss of profit from slaughtering operations and lower corporate profit levels due to the misallocation of spring seasons. The restructuring of meat products has accelerated, and sales of medium- and high-end products have increased. 2020, company meat products
Revenue is $28.1 billion, or +11.7 per cent; operating profits are $5.76 billion, or +23.6 per cent, and by volume of sales, meat sales are 1.59 million tons, or minus 1 per cent. The main drivers of growth in meat and profit are product restructuring and price increases.
End-products and new products, top-notch meat products up by 2.1 pct, core products up by more than 10%, hot salami, starch-free kings, meat-block kings, etc., are out-selling by over 10,000 tons per year, and new products up by 1.1 pct. The sales of high- and medium-end products up by more than 1.1 pct.
Shortages in the supply of raw pigs persist, and corporate slaughter operations continue to be under pressure. In 2020, the public sector generated $48.3 billion, or +23.4 per cent, of fresh frozen products; operating profits amounted to $1.58 billion, or 17.2 per cent, a decline of 46 per cent from last year. The company purchased split meat from its controlling shareholder, Rotex.
The bulk of the production gap is covered by $12 billion worth of products. The positive increase in income from raw frozen products is due to the fact that the impact of higher prices for pigs is greater than the impact of lower sales, but higher prices for pigs reduce the profit margin of the public slaughter business, putting the slaughter business under pressure. We judge that with African pigs,
In the medium and long term, the meat restructuring + slaughter industry has increased in concentration, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to improve. In meat products, product restructuring and the promotion of new products are expected to improve.
High- and medium-end production ratios increase profitability. Africa’s swine plague accelerates backward production in the slaughter industry, increases industry concentration and regulation, provides opportunities for high-quality enterprise development, and provides profit elasticity in the slaughtering operations of pig companies at steady prices.
On the basis of the market price collected on 1 April 2021, the double-sink development: the effects of the restructuring of meat products, the price of pigs, the impact of the African pigpest, the volatility of pork prices, and food safety issues.
Two-Sink Development: An Increased Profitability of Meat Products With An Increased Price Divide, The Accomplishment will benefit from Increased Industry Concentration, 20200903 Two-Sink Development: A Great Increase in Profiting of Slaughter Operations, Focusing on Meat Products
Structural Optimization 20200325 S.S.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Food beverages: food processing