The meat industry has grown steadily, and the slaughter business has been slightly delayed.
Investment ratings: increase (maintenance) % less than expected, maintenance of “increase” rating Double-sink development of 2021q1 yielding $18.28 billion, or 4 per cent higher compared to the previous year; net return to the mother of $1.44 billion, or the same ratio
The company's profit elasticity, a high red rate, is the subject of a sound value investment, maintaining a “growth” rating. The slaughter rate has recovered gradually, with a decline in the performance of a high profit base of 2020 q1 fresh meat, a gradual recovery in the pure slaughter business of 2021 q1 and an increase in the slaughter rate by double digits on the same date.
A 7.5% increase, but a fall in tonnage, resulted in a 6.0% decline in the slaughter sector’s revenues, a 30.3% decline in sector profits, and a decline in the profits of the slaughtering business, due to the narrow price differentials in the price of the Chinese pig in 2021q1, and an increase in the capacity utilization of the profits from the production of the frozen products. But the price gap between the Chinese and Chinese pig prices is still narrow, and it is expected that the profits from the raw meat business will remain high.
• There has been a rapid increase in the sales of meat products, with a long-term increase in ton profits. The total external sales of meat products (with poultry) of 2021q1 increased by 9.7 per cent to 750,000 tons on the same basis. The sales of packaged meat increased by 10.5 per cent on the same basis, mainly due to the impact of the 2020q1 epidemic.
The main reason for the decline in the price of the same ton is: (1) when the supply of 2020q1 is tight, the company gives priority to the production of high-origin products, and the product is made in a way that increases market inputs and lowers unit prices. But the increase in sales is much lower than the revenue from the operation of 2021q1 meat products.
The Department establishes professional teams, professional products, professional networks to develop catering operations, and lower-tonne food products, increased market inputs and process adjustments to increase the meat content of products, but lower-cost increases to tons.
Corporate Information Update - Performance Overperformance, Meat