Incident: On the evening of 26 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2024, and 2024q1 realized operating income from the New Olympic stock (600803.sh) Non-fundamental offshore operations, which achieved core profits of $1,074 million, an increase of 17.8 per cent over the previous year.
The decline in the core profits of the company 2024q1 is mainly due to a sharp fall in gas prices, and the Hong Kong share of the new Olympic energy stream has lost its profits from overseas resale operations. If this impact is removed, the core profits of the base business have increased by an equal amount of $1.947 billion, an increase of 2.5 per cent. In addition, it has benefited from market exchange since the beginning of the year.
The decline in source prices and the continuation of downstream favourable prices have led to a further improvement in the price differentials for corporate sales. The growth in the volume of imported gas, the supply of China-China Oil Growth Association and the rapid expansion of the country’s downstream market, with 45 per cent of them being large industrial users and 43 per cent urban gas users; affected by the fall in international gas prices.
The volume of international transactions by the company 2024q1 has fallen on the same scale, achieving an international volume of 380 million, or 34.4 per cent more than in tons. The volume of gas has been repaired and the profits of the company ' s retail gas business are expected to improve: in the long run, with the ACSAD ' s upstream low prices
With the release and rapid expansion of downstream markets, the company platform trading gas business is expected to grow at a high rate. 1) Cost optimization, cost improvement, sustained gas build-up repairs, and improved performance in 2024 in the firm's city-fired business.
The low-season balance, a small fall in the season, a sharp drop in domestic market gas sources and foreign lang spot prices (9.27/million British heat per c.m. on average for our imports in January-March 2024), a 33 per cent decline in the same year), and the company ' s international low-price spot, supported by the canon lang reception station, has increased the price of the international spot.
In terms of downstream sales, since 2022, some of the country's provinces and cities have developed and launched the resident and non-resident natural gas-consumption mechanism, and we expect more cities to launch a gas-consumption mechanism in 2024 to channel companies' historical gas costs.
In terms of the volume of gas sold, the upturn in upstream gas prices, the economic recovery, the Sioux and domestic gas consumption is expected to continue to increase, and the company is the top five national urban combustion companies.
In 2023, one of them was affected by the marketing strategy, and the gas was increasing at a lower rate than his counterparts.
The Division adjusted its marketing strategy to increase cost and price competitiveness, and the retail gas volume of the company was expected to grow in 2024. As of the 2023 report, the company had entered into nine overseas ng-suppliers with a combined contract volume of 10.16 million tonnes/year, of which five were signed with ng-suppliers in the United States.
As of now, the New Olympic shares will be implemented to support the rapid expansion of direct sales. At the same time, the company is working on the expansion of the Ing receiving station at the canoe to match the amount of future significant growth.
The processing capacity of 7.5 million tonnes per year is expected to increase to 10 million tonnes per year in 2025. 3) Three years of incremental red commitments plus special distribution plans, with a significant increase in the firm’s value of high dividends. In 2023, the company intends to find a gold dividend of 9.1 yuan (including taxes) for every 10 shares of all shareholders.
According to the Shares Red Return Plan for the next three years (2023-2025), the company does not forecast and rate its profits: the New Olympic shares have the advantage of a whole chain of natural gas that helps to resist the price of gas \triangleright
The JCLU is expected to release its gas sources, and the downstream market is rapidly expanding, driving the high growth of direct sales; Zero. The upstream pool cost of the gas business is optimized, downstream prices are on the rise, 24 years of the city’s furry gap is expected to be further repaired, retail gas volumes are expected to return to growth, and the profitability of the company’s combustion business is boosted.
Risk factors: severe downs in the domestic economy and less than expected increases in natural gas consumption; lower than expected progress in the construction of the receiving station \triangleright target; lower than expected domestic gas prices; combined energy sales
He was a member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association of Coal Prices, a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, and for more than 10 years, he worked as a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields.
V. National research on coal survey and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, June 2016. The Alliance ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal sector, has been responsible for research on large energy panels since 2019. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute of Coal
He has worked for many years in coal production, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he studied coal and electricity, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, where he worked in coal and coal industry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee-Swie, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022, working in the coal industry. Tang Jiayyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.