q1's performance is resilient and domestic platforms have a high turnover of shares (600803.sh)
• q1 performance is resilient and domestic platforms are traded with a high volume of money. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. Companies issued a first-quarter report in 2024, with business income of $34.23 billion, or 0.4 per cent, from 2024q1; realization of a net return profit of $1.08 billion, or 25.8 per cent; realization of a net profit of $90.0 billion, or +7.5 per cent, from non-return;
A steady growth, with a significant increase in the domestic volume of platform-trading gas. Considering the low price of gas, we have a long-term advantage and are expected to improve further, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. • The volume of domestic platform-trading gas is increasing nearly exponentially, and retail gas is returning to a positive increase.
2024q1, the company actively promotes a large-scale and sustained effort by the gas master industry to achieve a total sales volume of 100.04 billion, corresponding to +5.5 per cent. Gas platform trading gas: 2024q1 achieves a trading volume of 1,213 million, with a significant effect on the scale of gas operations with large domestic platforms. Gas retailing: 2024q1 retail gas operations
Gradual recovery to reach a retail gas sales volume of 7,237 million, or 2.7 per cent, of which 5.224 billion, or 2.9 per cent, was achieved in business and industry, and an additional 2.92.9 million, or 1,947 billion, or 9.36 billion kilowatt-hours, or 29.4 per cent, of the total, was achieved.
• Integration of energy operations into natural gas intelligent ecological operators
Ten thousand tonnes/year, 2 million tonnes of final decision-making contracts came into effect, price fixing for the next five years with Chevron and Dowdar, and cooperation agreements with China Oil for medium- and long-term purchase and for the use of the canoe facility. The company now has more than 10 million tonnes/year of Gazprom resources and is building an international lang tank.
10 eng shipping resources. Natural gas eco-operators: companies form upstream gas sources - central and middle storage, integrated industrial layouts for the distribution of swims, optimize marketing patterns by integrating domestic and foreign resources, and form the Platform ' s trading times for gas growth, raising the weight of red.
A smart operating platform for integrating natural gas and integrated services, with a large amount of combined energy sales, such as cold, heat, electricity, etc. Depending on shareholder returns - Corporate Information Update, Direct Gas Growth & Retail Price Repair, High Scores
Showing corporate confidence - the company's report on the evaluation.