The effects of internal integration are evident and the profitability is improved.
Performance improved in 2017, with q4 net profit from non-repatriation being reversed into surplus companies achieving business income of $23,856 million in 2017, an increase of 24.54 per cent in the same year, and a low value of 220-258 per cent. Of this, $6,996 million was earned in the fourth quarter.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, the net profit was reversed to $91 million, compared to 77 million, 103 million and 173 million, respectively, in the previous three quarters. We believe that the company’s profitability has reached an improved turning point.
Synergy is evident, business growth is evident, corporate business synergies are gradually emerging, and business performance was good in 2017. Longer, the Ministry of Electricity recorded an all-time high in 2017 and Māori revenues grew by 15.66 per cent over the year.
The net profit grew by 46.05% over the same period. Long electricity was advanced by the start of production of newly imported customer products, increased demand for single items, increased operating income by 46.73% and net profit by 76.78% respectively. The plant was successfully relocated to Jiangyang in September 2017, as planned.
The new factory was operating well, with the fourth quarter operating at a 50% growth in the business income ring, a record high of fccsp production, and a balance of gains and losses achieved in the first quarter.
The top 20 semiconductor companies have become customers. The company owns the industry’s leading high-end containment technology (fan-outewlb, wlcsp, sip, bump, pop, etc.).
The best-growing market for semiconductor industries is where multiple silicon-sized silicons can be processed seamlessly at the same production line.
(b) System integration (sip) technology, which is the dominant technology in the new generation of mobile smart terminal circuit seals, will be the engine for high growth in the company’s operations over the next few years. According to research institutes, yoledé,
Development reports that, in terms of the share of the advanced envelope crystal round, the company is raising a 7.8% share in the emerging projects, reducing financial leverage.
Once it's issued, the third largest shareholder's industrial fund will be the company's first shareholder. The total amount raised will not exceed $4.05 billion and will be invested in the following projects: 2 billion pieces of communications per year in high-density integrated circuits and modular encapsulation projects, communications and modules.
In addition, the company plans to repay the silver.
Loans of $1.08 billion help reduce corporate financial leverage, reduce financial costs, increase risk resilience and increase profitability. Business integration is not as good as expected; industry is not as strong as expected.