Long Power Technology (600584.sh)
In 2017, the company achieved business income of $23,856 million, a 25 per cent increase compared to the previous year. The company achieved net profits of $343 million attributable to its parent shareholders, net profits increased and costs decreased.
In 2017, companies achieved a net return profit of $343 million, an increase of 223 per cent.
The net profit growth of company shareholders is mainly due to a significant increase in the prior period in electricity and the net profit attributed by jsck to the shareholders of listed companies. In 2017, the company achieved a net profit of $263 million in non-repatriation, which is a large increase of 28%.
q4 non-recurring gains and losses have declined significantly from the quarter to the end, resulting in a significant increase in the net profit of the parent, the net profit of the non-retribution of the parent, and a positive gain for the first time since 2015q2. q4 Māori rates have risen significantly. Net interest rates have risen from q3 to negative positive and rising. q4 companies have made a marked upturn in their performance.
The company is expected to move up the road, and the industry is well-established, with a multi-pronged release of profitability, and the revenue from sales of long electricity technology in 2017 ranked among the top 10 stations in the world's largest integrated circuits.
Third, in terms of the share of advanced encapsulation crystal circle, the global market share of the company is third (7.8 per cent). Consider the future profitability of the company through the smooth integration of starcomb, the creation of a virtual idm with the center core, the development of advanced containment technology, the reduction of financial costs and the enhancement of labour productivity.
Profit forecasting and investment advice Risks of fluctuations in the semiconductor industry; risk of less than expected progress in research and development; risk of less than expected integration: risks from exchange rate fluctuations.
The company achieved business income of $23,856 million in 2017, a 25 per cent increase over the same year. The company realized net profits of $343 million attributable to its parent shareholders, net profits from non-repatriation - $263 million, and, on the other hand, revenue and net profits continued to grow and cost rates were falling.
In 2017, long-term electricity and technology generated business income of $23.856 billion, a 25 per cent increase in the same year, and in recent years corporate business income has continued to grow faster. From 2015q1 to date, companies have increased their operating income by the same year every quarter.
The increase in net profits was mainly due to a significant increase in the period covered by the original long electricity and the net profit attributed by jsck to shareholders of listed companies. The net profit attributed to shareholders of listed companies was 698 million yuan, an increase of 61.57 per cent over the same period the previous year, and the net profit earned by shareholders of listed companies in the reporting period was 153 million yuan.
Non-mortality net profit - $263 million, growth from year to year - 28 per cent. Non-recurring gains and losses have increased. In 2017, companies experienced a gradual increase in their quarterly net return profits, mainly from the previous three quarters, while net non-remortization profits continued to decline, but in the fourth quarter the situation reversed, non-recurring gains and losses declined significantly, and returns were net.
For the first time since 2015q2, the net profit from profits, deductions and non-returns increased significantly. Cost rates continued to decline during the company period in 2017. The management cost rate was 8.42 per cent, an increase of 0.09 percentage points over the same period. In each quarter, the first three quarters of the company period decreased and q4 increased, mainly in terms of management costs.
The net interest rate began to turn negative from q3 to positive and rising. Taken together, the above analysis shows a clear upward trend in the performance of company 2017q4, which is expected to turn upward.
The Ministry of Long Electricity and Power has increased the profit margin by further optimizing the product structure, technological adaptations, efficiency gains and productivity gains, with revenues and Māori recorded a record high in 2017. Revenues increased by 15.66 per cent over the same period the previous year, net profits and revenues from long electricity and technology (Zongzhou) were $1.507 billion, an increase of 7.51 per cent, and net profits of 218 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 38.21 per cent in the same year. By means of technological adaptation and latent efficiency of traditional products, there has been a significant increase in net profits.
Long-term electricity has achieved business income of 3.224 billion yuan, compared to 46.73 per cent, and net profits of 322 million yuan, a 76.78 per cent increase over the previous year. As a result of the start-up of new imports of client products, demand for orders has increased, operating income and net profits have increased by 344 million yuan, compared to the same period last year, a 15.13 per cent increase and a net profit of 60 million yuan.
In the period covered by this report, the Shanghai plant relocation costs were raised by US$ 1,161 million.
The scs and sck smartphones have been blocked by integrated circuits. As planned, in September 2017, the plant was successfully relocated to Jiangyang, while it was operating well, with a fourth quarter harvest of nearly 50% higher than it was, and fccsp production was at an all-time high.
iii. Industry poles are strong, with multi-pronged release of profitable revenues from sales of long electricity technology from 2017, ranked third in the top 10 of the world’s world integrated circuits. The top two dozen half-conductor companies, 80%, have become corporate customers.
wlcsp, sip, bump, pop, etc.) have developed in parallel with advanced international counterparts, are at a national lead level and achieve large-scale production. The yole data show that the top three points in the share of advanced encapsulation crystals are in Intel (12.4%), silicon (11.6%), and long-electric technology (7.8%).
Starcombing, a virtual idm made up of the center core, created synergies, developed advanced containment technology, reduced financial costs, and increased labour productivity, among other things, unleashing profitability.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the Chinese People's University and currently the Executive Director of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party to draw conclusions.