Long power technology (600584.sh) will benefit from the industrial upswing.
The company published a quarterly report in 2018, which generated operating income of $5.49 billion, an increase of 9.27 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net profit attributable to the parent owner was 525.08 during the reporting period.
Ten thousand dollars, a decrease of 86.29 per cent over the same period in the previous year; in the first quarter, the net profit realized by the company from the non-return to the mother was $34,3517,000, with a significant decrease in losses compared to the same period last year, at 0.004 ps. (i) gradual reduction, with future operations expected to take off.
The company’s revenue of q1 in 2018 grew by almost 10% in the same year, slightly less than we had expected before. But the company is gradually losing its weight, with o1 losing its losses significantly lower than during the same period last year.
Given the global half-conductor climate recovery and the layout of our integrated circuits, we anticipate that growth in the primary long-power sector in 2018 is expected to accelerate; the long-power South Korea is the main implementer of the sip project.
We judge that orders from large clients are expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future; we expect that the overall business level will return to normal business in 2018, with a balance of gains and losses. (ii) Sealing the taps will benefit significantly from the recovery of the industry.
In mid-2015, the company, with the support of a major fund, completed the M&A of Stars. According to the icinsights report, in 2017, revenues from sales of long-range electricity and technology were ranked third in the 10th Commission external sealing plant before the global integrated circuit, with the top 20 semiconductor companies globally accounting for 80 per cent of the total.
Long-term electrical technology has developed in parallel with advanced international counterparts, and is at a national level, leading to large-scale production. According to the research institute yoledévelopment
It was reported that the share of advanced encapsulation crystal round was ranked third in global market terms: 12.4 per cent in Intel, 11.6 per cent in silicon and 7.8 per cent in long-power technology.
Advanced technologies have been deployed ahead of time, and virtual Idm is being shaped with the center core, and we believe that companies will benefit from a deep recovery in the current industry, with greater elasticity, and maintain a “recommended” rating.