The return of profitability, the release of large elasticity in silicon cell heights, a net profit of 666 million yuan, a 94% increase in ring q1, is in line with market expectations. The first half of the year was under pressure from the external influence of the epidemic, but “inner refining” was still effective: it was successively affected.
The impact of the epidemic at home and abroad, the continued decline in the prices of the company’s photovoltaic core business, silicon and battery fragments for the first half of the year (by about 15% and 30%, respectively), and the fact that the company, as a cost to the industry chain, was once close to the profit and loss line for the leading firms, also presage that the situation could not be sustained in the long run.
Despite this, the company worked hard during the first half of the year: silicon materials continued to be produced at full capacity (with a capacity of 1. “Silica cells shuffling in the winding industry”, 116%, currently more than 8,000 tons per month), and single crystals increased to 91% (currently over-exceeded).
More than 95%) with a sales volume of 450,000 tonnes (year-on-year + 97%), the cost continues to decline steadily; 7.75gw (year-on-year + 34%) sales of battery tablets have achieved an average efficiency of 22.5% + perc, yielding the best line.
In the first half of the year, the results of the in-theatre process created a solid foundation for the release of profit elasticity in the second half of the recovery. At the same time, the company’s feed business revenue grew by 19%.
3. "The light-voltage business has gone too low, the volume of profits has gone up, the industry has reheated and the expected external supply of silicon has contracted, and the silicon cell operation has released a strong profit elasticity: two silicon production accidents in Xinjiang in July and repeated local outbreaks have caused silicon supply to contract in a short period of time.
4. " Efficient and new capacity release contributes to high performance growth, 20 per cent of products, adding to the release of domestic demand for loading in the second half of the year, accelerated recovery of overseas demand, changes in the strategy of industrial chain stocks, driving the supply of rigid silicon, and the rapid and continuous rise in third-party battery prices,
The booming cycle is extremely profitable in these two industrial chains, and we measure the current point where the company net profits in silicon, battery units or up to $25,000 per ton and 0.1 per w, respectively, are expected to be sustained at least in the second half of this year, depending on the supply and demand side of the industry.
The high barrier-based asset silicon chain is worth a high profit center, and the independent battery chain has a long-term value: we believe that the silicon chain, because of its high barrier, heavy asset, high risk, etc., deserves a relatively high profit center in the industry chain, and since 2018 silicon has continued to be depressed.
Motivated, this year's sudden supply-demand imbalance triggered a return to profit-based violence, and we expect silicon prices to remain relatively high in view of the fact that no new capacity is available for production in the coming year (there is a certain amount of climber space in stock); while integrated component enterprises are generally increasing their investment in battery capacity, taking into account overall demand growth, clustering, etc.
The demand for plant controls to control fluctuations in start-up rates, as well as continuing changes in battery technology, and the continued value of stand-alone battery producers (8621) 61357595 will be long-term, although profit fluctuations may be significant (subject to a reasonable profit hub).
Due to higher than expected product prices and an optimistic medium-term outlook, we adjusted the company ' s net profit by 2020-22e, and then calculated the final rating on average as the market average investment