The profit point is established, and the next half of the year is expected to rise in profit -- semi-annual review in 2020.
In the first half of 2020, the company produced a full load of multi-crystal silicon lines with a capacity utilization rate of 116 per cent, and in the first half of the year it sold 4.5 million tons, an increase of 97.04 per cent.
Main shareholders (2020h1) Average production cost of $3.950,000/tonne, of which the average production cost of new capacity is $3.65 million/tonne, Tonway Group Limited
There has been a significant improvement over the same period last year. Thanks to the company’s excellent cost-control capabilities, the company’s average rate of grossly pure crystal products reached 27.70% in the first half of the year, with a 14.4% and 41.2% decline in the average price of single crystals and polycrystals, respectively.
The income structure (2019a points) is competitive. Currently, companies produce more than 8,000 tons per month of high-purity crystal silicon, with single crystals accounting for more than 95% of the product, and are able to produce a bulk supply of n materials.
Together, more than 80,000 tons of production capacity are expected to be available in 2021, compared with 300 tons in depth in the last six months, resulting in 16-17 million tons of silicon production capacity and the consolidation of competitive advantages.
During the first half of 2020, the company’s sales of solar cells and components increased by 33.75 per cent compared to 33.75 per cent and earned $5,843 million, or 0.22 per cent, in revenue.
The net profit from the contribution was about $190 million, a significant decline in the same year, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year.
The 7.5gw and Golden Hall phase of the 7.5gw high-efficiency solar cell project, which is expected to be operational in 2021, will have a capacity of more than 40gw. The company ' s battery is not silicon, and is expected to be higher than the industry average in the first half of the year by up to 0.2 yuan/w.
The full coverage of 156, 158, 16x, 18x and 21x dimensions of all perc batteries in the market has now been achieved, and the non-silicon cost of corporate batteries is expected to improve further as the share of large-scale products rises.
Industrial chain price repairs, company profits are expected to recover significantly, with the release of the list of domestically competitive projects, the recovery of downstream demand; the frequency of accidents with the silicon silicon chain, and the withdrawal of some of the high-cost overseas production capacity, silicon.
According to the pvinfolink data, the price of polycrystal silicon has increased by more than 40% since mid-year, from US$ 59/kg to US$ 83/kg at the beginning of August. At the same time, because of the chemical properties of the silicon chain, the investment is larger and the construction cycle is longer.
Barriers are relatively high, supply or will continue to tighten, and there is room for upward restoration. From the power cell link, as the demand of the industry warms, the price of company battery products has risen by more than 10 per cent from the lower of the first half of the year, and as the share of large-sized products has increased in the second half of the year, public prices have increased.
The profit from the silicon chain is expected to continue to improve. Because of the recovery of downstream demand and disturbances in the supply of the silicon chain, the prices of the company’s main products are now higher than expected, we raise the company’s profit forecast.
The global photovoltage machine is not as well as expected, the international trade situation is changing, the prices of silicon and battery cells are not being repaired, the productivity of companies is climbing and technological progress is not as high as expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.