Performance rating in the daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco (600438) - sustained improvement in production capacity and significant decrease in non-silicon costs
In the reporting period, high-purity crystal silicon continued to be produced at full capacity, with capacity utilization reaching 116 per cent and single crystals at 90.86 per cent.
The average production cost was RMB 39.5 million per ton, of which the average production cost for new capacity was RMB 36.5 million per ton. During the reporting period, companies achieved 4.5 million tons of high-purity crystal silicon sales, an increase of 97.04 per cent over the same period, and maintained a better competitiveness at an average of 27.70 per cent for pure crystal silicon products.
Total equity/flow (million shares)
The company will continue to produce at full capacity in response to market demand. At present, the company's high-purity crystals produce more than 8,000 tons of silicon per month, its capacity continues to rise, its consumption targets continue to decline, and its product share of single crystals has reached more than 95 per cent and is able to achieve bulk supply of n-type materials.
Together, over 80,000 tons of production capacity are expected to be completed in 2021 (600438) and the performance rating for the first quarterly report.
The company optimized its output during the reporting period.
The product lines of the company have been further refined with the start-up of the Maroon Project, which has now achieved full coverage of the 156, 158, 16x, 18x, 21x and other dimensions of all perc battery streams on the market.
In terms of technology research and development, companies have increased their R & D inputs, building on the increased efficiency and reliability of product conversions.
In the first half of the year, there was a delay in the need for photovoltaic terminals caused by the epidemic.
As a result, the industry’s start-up rate has generally declined, and the market price for solar cells has fallen by about 30 per cent over the same period; during the reporting period, the company’s solar cell and assembly operations achieved sales of 7.75gw, an increase of 33.75 per cent over the same period, and sales revenue of $5,843 million, an increase of 0.22 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company ' s 7.5gw high-efficiency solar cell project was put into production, compatible with the production of all 21x and below-sized battery products, and is currently climbing.
Tonway shares (600438) — the continuous increase in production capacity and the marked decline in non-silicon costs — the company launched the Myeongsan II 7 and Golden Hall 7.5gw high-efficiency solar cell project, which is expected to be operational in 2021, when the company's solar cell capacity will exceed 40gw.
By the end of the reporting period, the Department had developed “Fisheries One” bases in several provinces and cities throughout the country, with a total of 44 optical voltage power stations dominated by “Fisheries One” with a cumulative load of 2,127mw installed and networked.
During the course of its operations, companies continue to enhance the creation and upgrading of differentiated competitiveness, highlighting the combined efficiency advantages of “water-based clean energy and water-efficient, high-quality water products” and focusing on the “543” goal of cost reduction.
Quick advance the goal of photovoltaic access. At present, the combined cost of the company's photovoltaic project has been reduced to within $3.5/w, and as the design programme is further optimized and technological innovation progresses, it will further drive the company to meet the goal of cost reduction and to meet the vast expansion of the era of affordable Internet access.
During the reporting period, the company worked hard to control the outbreak, resume production, and strengthen management.
The company's net profits are expected to increase from 2020 to 2022, respectively, from a total of 600,438 shares - a steady increase in production capacity, a marked decrease in non-silicon costs, a steady increase in production capacity (600,438) and a significant decrease in non-silicon costs.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report