The company released its mid-2020 report, and its performance was as expected. Price increases in the photovoltaic chain contributed to the growth of the photovoltaic plates.
Photovoltaic block sales are good, and the impact of the epidemic is profitable: in the first half of the year, the company continued to produce 45 million tons of silicon material, an increase of 97.04 per cent compared to the previous year, with single crystals accounting for more than 90 per cent, and Māori 27.70 per cent. Battery modules achieved sales of 7.75gw, an increase of 33.75 per cent compared to the previous year, generating revenues of $5,843 million.
In the first half of the year, the company’s photovoltaic branch achieved revenues of $9,137 million, a 12 per cent increase over the same period. The first half of the year, with the impact of the epidemic, saw reduced demand for photovoltaics, with average prices of single, multi-crystal silicon falling by 14.4 per cent and 41.2 per cent respectively, while battery prices fell by about 30 per cent over the same year, and companies made profits from photovoltaic operations.
The agricultural sector has been growing steadily: the company ' s agricultural sector has continued to optimize the structure of its products, improve its profitability and achieve a yield of $8,487 million in feed and related business income in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 19.25 per cent over the same period. The increase in the value of the industrial chain has helped in the recovery of profits due to the Xinjiang epidemic and the silicon-capability of the head, among other things.
The supply of and demand for silicon are tight, market prices skyrocket, and downstream prices rise. Considering the speed of the recovery of silicon capacity, it is expected that the company’s silicon and battery portfolio will be significantly repaired in the second half of the year.
With regard to battery chips, the company’s 7.5gw production capacity has been put into operation in the first phase, and its 7.5gw production capacity in the second phase and the 7.5gw production capacity in the second phase of the Golden Hall is expected to be put into production in 2021. The continued expansion of high-quality production capacity is expected to further consolidate the company’s dual leader status.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected; the policy risks of the photovoltaic industry; the risks of new technology overlaps; the lack of progress in the expansion of production expectations; the risk of excess photovoltaic manufacturing capacity; and the volatility of the prices of raw materials for feed.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business Agroforestry and Fisheries: Feeding