In the first half of 2020, the company was able to sell 45,000 tons of silicon, an increase of 97.04% compared to the previous year.
At the same time, companies continue to optimize the cost of silicon production, which is influenced by weaker end demand and lower prices of silicon, which has had a certain impact on corporate profitability. Since July, supply ends have been affected by reduced production capacity in Xinjiang and restrictions on transport, and the prices of condensed materials have now risen to 83,000 yuan/tonne/year highs, with prices rising and falling steadily, and corporate profitability is expected to grow at a pace.
In the second half of the year, global demand has improved, and silicon prices are expected to remain at about $70,000 per tonne. The 2020h2 domestic photovoltaics will be switched from the 2019 bid to the 2020 bid, the household project will be dominated by the 2019-2020 bid, and the 2019-2020 parity project will be dominated by the 26 and 11+33gw project, which will have to be reconnected at the end of 2021h1 and 2021, respectively, with annual silicon consumption requirements of about 430,000 tons, and silicon prices are expected to remain at $70,000 per ton.
Battery output is growing and profitability is expected to improve. The company’s 7.5gw battery production in the first trimester will be available in 2020q2 and its capacity in \triangleright will be 21x and below, and the company’s battery output will be 27.5gw (of which 24.5gw is the single crystal).
Sales of 7.75gw increased by 33.75% in the same year. In the first half of the year, the price of batteries fell by more than 30% in the same year, and companies relied on industry’s leading cost-control capabilities to achieve a net gain of $187 million on solar energy 2020h1. Recently, the price of batteries was 10% lower than in the first half of the year, q3 and q4 global photovoltaics were better on a seasonal basis, providing good support for prices, and corporate profitability was expected to improve.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: Global photovoltaic jets, such as the new coronary epidemic, are less than expected; the risk of changes in technology routes; and the risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials, among others. \triangleright Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.