The industry has reached a high price of silicon batteries - performance rating in the Tungwei shares (600438.sh)
In the reporting period, high-purity crystal silicon sales increased by 45,000 tons, by 97.04%, and single crystals by more than 95%. The additional production capacity of downstream enterprises continues to be released, supply and demand of silicon are tight, companies continue to produce at full capacity, and capacity utilization has reached 116% in the reporting period, compared to the second half of the year.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had developed a multi-crystal silicon production capacity of 80,000 tons, with a combined production capacity of more than 80,000 tons in the second and second phases of Leysun in 2021.
With the optimal release of new and old production, the supply capacity of the n-type material has increased further, and the corporate sector has become more dominant. The company’s cost advantage has become more evident, as a result of such factors as electricity prices and technological progress.
The cost is as low as $395,000 per tonne, of which the new capacity is $365 million per tonne. During the reporting period, the average market price for single crystals and polycrystals has been adjusted up to $83/kg from the q2 lowest point, subject to supply-demand tensions, and prices are expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year and to expand the scope for profit.
In the reporting period, the sales of batteries and their components increased by 33.75% compared to 33.43 billion yuan, or 0.22% compared to 0.22%. The first six months of the epidemic led to a significant reduction in the demand for photovoltaic terminals, with a sharper increase in the market price for batteries.
The average price of batteries recovered by 10 per cent in August, while the company ' s non-silicon cost was in the vanguard of the industry, and the level of profitability was expected to be significant. During the reporting period, the company ' s 7.5gw high-efficiency solar cell project was operational and compatible with the production of 21x.
And all of the following size battery products are currently going up the slopes. Meanwhile, Myeongsan II 7.5gw and 1st, and the Tungwei Annual Stock Exchange Assessment Report: Performance Short Term 7.5gw Efficient Solar Battery Project is being launched and is expected to be operational in 2021.
The size and cost advantages of the company ' s solar cell capacity will be higher than 40gw at the time.2 The Tonway Stock Company rating: withdrawal from the ocí capacity, steady growth in photovoltaic power generation and differential advantage for cost reduction. By the end of the reporting period, the company had more than one company in the country.
“Fightlight One” has been developed in the provinces and municipalities, with a total of “Fishell One”-based photovoltaic power stations,3 and “Tomway Shares Quarterly” have been evaluated: performance is in line with expectations
The combined cost of a company's photovoltaic project has been reduced to within $3.5/w, highlighting the value of investment and competitiveness.
Investment strategy: The company, as a silicon plus battery double-treasuries enterprise, has a clear technological advantage, has a rapid expansion of production capacity, has a double impact on the demand for a high build-up in the second half of the year and the tightening of the supply of silicon, and the price of silicon batteries rises so that the company's performance will increase significantly and the level of profit will rise. We expect the company's revenue share from 2020 to 2022.
Foreign companies in the energy sector have worked for three years, and have been involved in several nuclear, fire, oil, gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with extensive experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, and industrial policy research.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.