Industrial growth is too predictable. Business M&As in North Su, Guangdong, Juddji.
I. Incidents: company reports issued in the first quarter of 2017: company sales revenue of $33.129 billion, an increase of 13.16 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit of parent company of $999 million, an increase of 12.37 per cent over the same period; withholding of non-post parent
The net profit of the company was 939 million yuan, an increase of 20.82 per cent over the same period, while the pharmaceutical industry sector achieved revenue of 3,794 million yuan, an increase of 19.94 per cent over the same period, and the efficiency of the Department’s internal operations increased during the same period last year.
The pharmaceutical distribution plate achieved a revenue of $29,485 million, an increase of 12.93 per cent. Business gains are estimated to have benefited mainly from a return profit in the first quarter. Retail plates achieved a revenue of $1,280 million, an increase of 4.3 per cent.
At 0.26%, a decrease of 1.1 pp over the same period. The decrease in retail Maori is mainly due to the introduction of some of the oncological drugs into the health-care catalogue and their diversion to the hospital pharmacy, resulting in a certain impact on the company ' s dtp pharmacy.2 The commercial outlying is located in North Subei, Guangdong, and the distribution network has been further improved.
Xuzhou Medicine Co. Ltd., Xuzhou Huaihai Medicine Co. Ltd., Ki-Bon completed the company's position in the North Sudan market.
Due to the short period of acquisition, the company’s commercial outreach is expected to generate a net profit that will gradually be reflected in the coming months. Shanghai Medicine (601607): The pharmaceutical business’s policy is incompetent.
In our depth report of 16 February, we noted that the rejuvenation of corporate management had led to a public Shanghai Medicines 2016 review: a steady growth in performance, a focus on countries.
In January, the Shanghai National Investment Commission issued its first pilot implementation programme on the ownership of local state-owned holdings, which basically met the conditions. The company is now well funded, and in 2017 we proposed to focus on changes in the company’s state-owned enterprises.
IV. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: There are obvious underestimations. Corporate quality is excellent, management rejuvenation is driving positive changes in the company, pharmaceutical business is expected to accelerate both endogenous and expansive growth and future growth of the company is expected to accelerate.
Risks of purchasing pharmaceutical commercial channels are lower than expected; policy requirements for the qualification of pharmaceutical-dispatch enterprises are in place with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC)