The silicon industry is on a home-grown crystal-crystal-crystal fast-carrying car, leading to the domestic production of 12 inches of silicon, and with the climax of the construction of a domestic crystal-crystal-crystal plant, the market for semiconductor materials in our country is about to break out.
Silicon is the largest segment of semiconductor material market, and the prospects for national production are wide in the context of increased technical regulation in Wassenaar. The company is the domestic semiconductor silicon head, 12 inches, and the bulk load is over 10,000 pieces per month in the last four quarters of last year, and is expected to lead in the build-up of crystal mills.
In 2019, the company earned 1,493 million yuan, of which 200 mm.
The following silicon silicon revenues, 1,096 million yuan, or 73 per cent, are mainly concentrated on 8 inches of polishing, extrapolated, soi silicon, new technology, and kmetic contributions; 300 mm silicon revenues, or 14 per cent, and 12 inches of silicon, which is owned by a subsidiary, Shanghai; and other revenues, $181 million, or 12 per cent. The company is in the first position among the major silicon producers in the country.
In 2016-2018, global sales of semiconductor silicon increased from $7.65 billion to $12.1 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 26 per cent, driven mainly by mobile Internet, artificial intelligence, motor electronics, etc.
As a result, silicon has grown at an average annual rate of 9% over the same period, at an annual average price of 26% per unit area, and the demand for silicon has continued to rise. In China, the market demand for silicon has increased at an average rate of over 40% per year since 2016, at about $1 billion in 2018.
The semiconductor silicon sector has a high market concentration. 93% of the world’s large silicon market is monopolized by the top five silicon companies, such as Nora, Japan, 27.6% in 2018, Sumco in 24.3%, Siltronic in Germany, 14.2% in China, 16.3% in Taiwan, and Sksiltron in Korea.
According to the industrial chain study, the market for silicon in mainland China is essentially home-grown below 6 inches, with an estimated rate of about 10 per cent for 8 inches, while the 12 inch import substitution rate is only 1 to 2 per cent, i.e., the subsidiary in Shanghai has achieved zero breakthroughs. The company is now semiconductor silicon worldwide.
The industry has only 2.2% of all silicon growth and processing technologies, with 12 inch squares entering the country’s mainstream customers. Companies have accumulated very tired silicon processing technologies, such as a-mcz straight single-crystal growth, cutting, rolling, grinding, etc.
Critical technologies for semiconductor silicon silicon production, such as polishing, cleaning, and expansing. The company focuses on 200 mm of semiconductor silicon silicon (including soi silicon silicon silicon silicon) at the top of the market, thus achieving a different competition from the global semiconductor silicon silicon taps.
To achieve domestic leadership, multiple clients, such as the Yangtze storage, will benefit in the future from the nationalization of 3d hand, dram, specialty craft lines, advanced processes. Based on the company’s productivity and the progress of silicone in client certification, and the domestic demand for silicon from indigenous crystal mills.
We expect high growth in the company ' s performance over the next three to five years, taking into account a share in semiconductor plates, technology research and development risks; lack of customer certification; increased competition in the market; and the impact of the epidemic on the industry.
:: Mechanical: semiconductor equipment and materials
Semiconductor silicon is a pioneer in national production, and the company's products consist mainly of 300 mm polished, extrapolated, 200 mm below, extrapolated and soi silicon. Of these, 300 mm polished, extrapolated is a new business in Shanghai, 200 mm below, extrapolated and soi silicon.
Figure 1. The company's main products include 12 inches and 8 inches of silicon, radio-frequency front-end chips, smartphones, portables.
200 mm and less semiconductor silica silica (including soi siliconokmetic, extruding chips, sensors, simulating core equipment, cars, silicon silicon)
Films, separate devices, web products, industrial electronics, new technology soi silicon chips, memory chips, image smart phones, portable phones.
300mm semiconductor silicon silicon in Shanghai: position 12 inches of silicon, with 98.5% of the company ' s share, started construction in 2014, successfully pulled out the first 300mm single crystal silicon in October 2016, with 300 mm semiconductor silicon in 2017.
A full-process process, which culminated in the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets in 2018, filled the void in the industrialization of 300 mm semiconductor silicon in mainland China. The new 300 mm semiconductor silicon product in Shanghai can be applied to 40-28nm, 65nm, 90nm, and the company is currently developing and using it.
300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets in 20-14nm. At the end of December 2019, new production capacity in Shanghai reached 150,000 units per month (100,000 units per month at 40nm and above, and 50,000 units per month at 28nm and above); phase II project equipment has been moved and phase II production capacity is planned at 300,000 units per month (mainly covered).
14nm and above. Existing plant areas can accommodate 600,000 units per month of capacity. Newly proud technology: position 8 inches of semiconductor extension, soi silicon, company share 89.19% 1) was established in 2001 to build our first soi production line, which is now China’s leading soi material production base and the world’s leading soi material production base.
One of the few soi material-scaling suppliers in the world; more than 90% of Nexus’s products are sold to countries/areas such as the United States, Japan, Europe, Russia, Korea, Taiwan, Singapore.
In July 2016, the silicon industry completed a limited privatization acquisition of kmetic. The silicon industry held limited indirect shares of 100% of the kmetic. In 2019, the company earned 1,493 million yuan, of which 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon sales earned 215 million yuan.
The ratio has risen from 0.00 per cent in 2016 to 14 per cent; the sales of semiconductor silicon pieces in 200 mm and below have increased by 1,096 million yuan, or 38 per cent, or 73 per cent, from 100 per cent in 2016. Currently, the products of the 300mm semiconductor silicon part of the product have been produced by well-known chip-making enterprises such as Grovend, China-Chry International, Waron-Hungry, Hua-Wit, Yang River Storage, Hua-Yun-Wee Electronic.
The company’s main clients include the Yangtze storage, Boshi, the stationary power, the logo electron, soitec, qorvo, murata, teledynedalsa in January-September 2019 and the company’s total sales of the previous five clients in January-September 2019 were 36.74 per cent, 31.29 per cent and 36.74 per cent respectively.
The silicon industry is at the forefront of domestic semiconductor materials, based mainly on semiconductor silicon tablets. And among the national semiconductor material taps, Jacques Technologies, Walter Gases, Spill Photovoltaics, etc., focussing on membrane sediments, electron special gases, masked sheets, etc., and semiconductor materials are still receiving very little income.
The semiconductor silicon market is classified as: silica expanses are dominated, with 12 inches of silicon accounting for 64%, and the semiconductor silicon silicon size (in diameter) is mainly 50 mm (2 inches), 75 mm (3 inches), 100 mm (4 inches), 150 mm.
Specifications such as 6 inches, 200 mm (8 inches) and 300 mm (12 inches). The greater the size of the semiconductor silicon, the higher the requirements for the production techniques, equipment, materials, processes of the semiconductor silicon.
Currently, the main products in the global market are 200 mm, 300 mm diameter semiconductor silicon chips. Of these, 200 mm and less are special products such as silicon tablets, image sensors, high-pressure moss, power devices, power-source managers, non-fault-free storage units, mems, display drive chips and fingerprint identification chips. End-use applications are mainly mobile communications, auto electronics, object networking, industrial electronics, etc.;
In 2018, the market shares of 300 mm silicon and 200 mm silicon silicon, respectively, were 63.83% and 26.14%, respectively, and the combined share of the two dimensions of silicon was close to 90.00%.
The semiconductor silicon is classified according to the manufacturing process and can be divided mainly into polished silicon material, which is represented by silicon silicon silica. Single crystal silicon is cut, grinded, and polished. The silica silica silica is formed by expansive growth, and the silica silica is formed by silica silicon silicon silicon siltrated by processes such as oxidation, bonding, or ion injection. The market size of silica is $11.3 billion in 2018.
Soi's market size is only $700 million, or 6% of the big silicon. $12 billion, or about 37%, of the world's big silicon market, is the largest semiconductor material in the market, and the global semiconductor material market is about $32 billion, of which the big silicon is the largest.
The market size of the film was about $120, or more than one third, followed by electronic gases, masks, 12.9 per cent and 12.2 per cent of semiconductor material, respectively, and the market size of polished materials, photo-records and target material, respectively, was relatively small, accounting for only 6.6 per cent, 5.2 per cent of semiconductor material, and the trend of large silicon market size varied widely over time.
The model shows a year-on-year downward trend, with global semiconductor silicon sales rising from $7.65 billion to $12.1 billion (including soi) between 2016 and 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 26 per cent. This is mainly due to the relative stability of the total area of large silicon tablets during the period 2011-2015, while silicon prices have shown a long-term downward trend, but since 2016 silicon sizes have increased faster, with prices increasing by 10-20 per cent annually.
(1) Between 2016 and 2018, the global semiconductor silicon portfolio grew from 10,738 million square inches to 12,732 million square inches, with an average annual compound growth rate of 8.89 per cent. (2) Between 2016 and 2018, the global semiconductor silicon sales unit price rose from 0.67 per inch to 0.89 per inch, with an average annual compound increase.
From 2008 to 2013, China’s semiconductor silicon market continued to evolve in line with the global semiconductor silicon market.
China’s semiconductor production lines, China’s semiconductor manufacturing technology, and China’s semiconductor end-product market are growing rapidly, and China’s continental semiconductor silicon market is in a jump-start phase. From 2016 to 2018, sales of semiconductor silicon were raised from $500 million to $992 million, with annual composite growth rates of up to 40.88%, far higher than the global semiconductor silicon in the same period.
The annual composite growth rate is 25.65%, but it is only 8% of the world’s large silicon market. According to our statistics on crystal mills, China’s 12-inch crystal mills currently in construction and planning is close to RMB 1 trillion, requiring 1.5-2 million tablets per month for 12 inches.
The 12-inch crystalline that has been built and planned in the country will certainly contribute directly to the rapid growth of domestic market demand for 12 inches of silicon. Currently, 12 inches of silicon are largely monopolized by foreign manufacturers, but under the larger trend of national substitution, the national production of 12 inches of silicon is a pattern of competition in large silicon industries.
Global competition patterns: Monopoly by the five primers of Japan, Germany, Korea, Taiwan, China, etc., due to the technical difficulties of the semiconductor silicon industry, long research and development cycles, large financial inputs, long customer certification cycles, high barriers to entry of the global semiconductor silicon industry, and high concentration of industries. In 2018, the top five semiconductor silicon firms in the world moved over chemistry.
Sumco, siltronic, ring crystal circle, and sksiltron together account for as much as 90% of global sales of semiconductor silicon. There are also some differences between large silicon enterprises: two in Japan: Silicon chemistry and silicon silicon in Sumco are more comprehensive, basically meeting all silicon requirements, and two in Japan.
Germany’s Siltronic: A trial production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets was achieved in 1998, and the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon silicon in 2004. A breakthrough was sought in 2008 in Singapore in the face of a bad market environment for the semiconductor sector in Europe.
Global Crystal Circle: 4 cumulative mergers and acquisitions, respectively, of the United States Globitech, Covalent of the Toshiba Group of Japan, Topsil of Denmark, and Semiconductor (Semi) of the United States memc. The acquisition of semiconductor silicon enterprises, Semi of the United States and Topsil semiconductor of Denmark, in December 2016, led to the formation of the fourth largest semiconductor silicone enterprise in the world, with the market share rising from 8% in 2016 to 2018
South Korea siltron: lg, acquired by sk in 2016, whose client is mainly in memory. Sksiltron was set up in 1983, built 200 mm semiconductor silicon production line in 1996 and 300 mm semiconductor silicon production line in 2002; soitec: the world’s sixth largest semiconductor silicon producer and the world’s largest soi silicon producer, mainly based in France.
Soitec focuses on the production of soi silicon tablets, including 200-300 mmdigital-soi (digital soi), lf-soi (radio frequency soi), fd-soi (full exhaustion soi), power-soi (power soi), photonics-soi (optic soi), imager-soi (image soi);
Crystalry: Created in 1997, the main product is 100-200 mm semiconductor silicon. Currently the seventh largest semiconductor silicon in the world. Figure 16. Change in global silicon taps, 2016-2018. Domestic competitive patterns: 6 inches nationalized, 8 inches and 12 inches still dominated by imports.
According to our research on the chain of large silicon industries: 1) basic nationalization below 6 inches, with full coverage of domestic applications. According to the Electronics Industry Association, in 2016, businesses in mainland China produced about 52 million silicon tablets (including polishing, extrapolation, etc.), which basically satisfy 4-6 inches of domestic production.
8-inch domestic production rate is estimated to be around 10%. The country's 8-inch silicon and extended silicon production capacity consists of the Zhejiang Silicon, Kun Mt. Ht., Beijing, Nanjing, cct46, Shanghai New Ht., with a combined monthly production capacity of about 233,000 m/m, which meets some of the country's market demand. The 8-inch silicon is divided into two categories, recombinant with separate devices, lightly blended with logic, etc.
The domestic breakthroughs were mainly a recombinant one-and-three. Imported brands had a market share of about 90% of the country’s 8 inches of silicon, mainly an international monopoly on silicon.
The company leads the national production of large silicone, which is the foundation, and silicon is the most important semiconductor material.
The semiconductor material industry is one of the upstream cores of the semiconductor industrial chain, and based on the experience of the semiconductor industry of “a generation of equipment, a generation of processes, a generation of products”, the semiconductor product is designed to develop a new generation of processes in super-previous electronic systems, and the semiconductor material is also equipped to produce a new generation of products in super-precursor semiconductor products. So the semiconductor material industry is the cornerstone of semiconductor chip manufacturing.
In microscopic terms, silicon is at the bottom of the transistor device, not only the beol metal layer that supports the transistor, but also, and more importantly, at the silicon table, the source, the leak, the leak, and the gate and the gate, formed by processes such as ion injection, etching, light engraving, coating, cleaning, etc.
Key structures, such as sti, are the most critical processes for chip performance. Figure 18. Large silicon is the backbone of the transistor and the device process area.
The production process of silicon consists mainly of processes such as crystallization, slices, grinding, etching, polishing, extenuating, keying, cleaning, etc., each of which has very high requirements: Silicon purification: super-pure multi-crystal silicon with a purity of between 9 and 11 9;
(b) Slices: avatar size, thickness, diameter control, anthropometric tilt, accelerometers, etc.;
(b) Speculation: surface particles, showing roughness, other surface damage, surface and body metals, site flatness, nanomorphic appearance, flatness, margin flatness, margin photopurity;
Outlier: Oxygen deposition and distribution, depth-level metal impurities, low child lifetime, site flatness, surface particles, membrane thickness and homogeneity, surface and body metals, slide line, power resistance interface distribution, resistance rate and evenness; (7) soi: oxygen layer thickness and its homogeneity, top silicone thickness and its homogeneity, surface and body metals, top silicone missing, surface particles, key coupling
The core technology of large silicon production and processing processes and major equipment plants is mainly reflected in crystallization techniques, indication of marginal defects, flatness, metal impurities, technical safeguards for detection forms, etc.
At the end of 2019, the Wassenaar Agreement, for the first time in its revision process, added technical controls on large silicon tablets, i.e., silicon crystals of 300 mm diameter.
Circles, to reach a local flatness differential of less than 20 nm in any given area of 26 mm*8 mm, and cutting, grinding, and polishing techniques of less than 2 mm in the area of margin removal. According to technical standards, this large silicone is technically controlled for the production of 14 nm silicon tablets.
3.e.4. "Technology" "required"forthesilicing, grindandpolishingof 300mm diametersiliconwaferstoachevea'sitefrontlastsquaresrange" ("sfqr") less tanorequalto 20nnateysof26mmx8mmonthefrontsurfaceofofthe
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
MinimumdicationFromfrontreferenceplane, calculatedbyleastsquare methhodswithallfrontsurfacedataincludingsiteboundarywithinasite. We counted 8 per cent national production of equipment for a large silicon in Shanghai, and 18 per cent national production of the medium ring leading equipment, but national production of reduced equipment,
The silicon polishing equipment includes the edges, the two-sided polishing, the final polishing, the margin polishing 20%, the double-sided polishing 50%, and the final throw.
Fifty-five per cent of the new polishing equipment in Shanghai comes from Lapmaster in Germany, 45 per cent from Japan, bbs Kiming, kamoto, Tokyo sperm machines, and Japanese micro; 37 per cent of the medium ring leading polishing equipment comes from Germany, 21 per cent from Japan, bbs gold, 17 per cent from Japan, and 10 per cent from Japan. None of the two silicon production lines has a home-grown polishing facility.
The national production rate for grinding/reducing equipment is close to 0%, and almost all Japanese brands are purchased. The milling equipment procured in Shanghai includes grinding on the edges, grinding on the two sides, grinding on the outer side, and so on. It is essentially grinding on the edges, grinding on the two sides, which each accounts for 1/2. Of the grinding equipment, 95% comes from Japan.
(b) The thinning equipment is 100% from Japan, with 3/4 from disco, 1/5 from luminous machinery, and 7% from Okamoto machinery, with no national production. The cutting/closing equipment is mainly from imported brands. New cutting equipment purchased in Shanghai, 84% from Meyerberg (Switzerland), komatsu
Ntcltd accounts for 11%, while Tokyo's congener accounts for 5%, but has no national equipment. 70-80% of the cutting equipment procured by the Central Ring comes from Japanese komatsuntcltd., daitron, toyoadvancedtechnologies, estimated at 20-30% from crystals.
So far, the company has formed an internationalized technology research and development team with Dr. Lee, Dr. Wangqingyu, and Dr. Athehaapalinna at its core. As of 30 September 2019, the company had 423 technologists.
Rolling circle, high-efficiency low stress line cutting, chemical corrosion, double-face grinding, edge grinding, double-face polishing, single-face polishing, edge polishing, silicon silicon silica silica silica cleaning, outer, simox, bonding, simbam production technology, 300 mm and below semiconductor silicon silicon silicon development and industrialization of 20-14nm integrated circuits, 40-28nm integrated circuit manufacturing, etc.
Seven major national “02-specific” research projects, such as the 300 mm silicon technology development and development and industrialization of 200 mm soi crystals, have been successfully validated and industrialized. The national production of new 12 inches of silicon in Shanghai has made a zero breakthrough.
In 2017, the first product to be sold, the first to be delivered, and in 2018 it was certified to produce 100,000 tablets per month, downlined to 10,000 items. In the last two years, more than 75,000 items have been accumulated from the original.
As of 30 September 2019, the number of clients certified as silicon in 300 mm semiconductors had reached 49. Domestic semiconductor material listing companies generally have higher valuation values, which we believe are mainly value premiums for companies listed in the semiconductor industrial chain.
The pre-stage is still a high input and commercialization phase for semiconductor equipment, materials, design, etc. The second-tier market is valued primarily by management teams, strategic positioning, business paths, and potential for future growth.
Significant and sustained growth in corporate revenue is expected over the next three yearsa shares of semiconductor equipment, materials, design, and containment valuation referencesa Valuation of domestic semiconductor equipment plates: ps valuation averaged 10-15 times; maximum ps valuation peaks were controlled at 40-50 times;pe valuation
(a) Valuation of the domestic semiconductor material plate: ps valuation averaged 10-15 times, the maximum ps valuation of Ancids 32 times, and pe valuation equal to more than 100 times; and domestic semiconductor design and encapsulation enterprise valuation: ps valuation averaged 4-6 times, and the highest ps valuation of São Paulo shares approximately 30 times;
The company currently valued the ps at around 18 times, compared to the average 60-fold and the highest 100-fold St. State shares, with semiconductor equipment and material, design and sealing at a medium level, if only the proceeds from the sale of integrated circuit operations are considered.
The semiconductor silicon industry is a technology-intensive industry characterized by high R & D inputs, long R & D cycles, and high R & D risks. As the global chip manufacturing technology evolves, the technical indicator requirements for semiconductor silicon are also increasing, if the company cannot continue to do so.
Adequate R & D inputs, or failure to sustain innovation in key technologies, or failure to meet technological targets for new products, will lead to a further widening of the gap between companies and advanced international firms, with adverse effects on their business performance. As the first firm in mainland China to achieve a 300-mm semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silica scale sale, 300-mm semiconductor silicon part of the product has already been produced
The number of clients certified for the 300mm semiconductor silicon tablets as of 30 September 2019 has reached 49. However, 300mm semiconductor silicon is produced for a relatively short period of time, and some of the target clients are still in the product certification phase, if the company's 300mm semiconductor silicon product is not available.
The market concentration in the global semiconductor silicon industry is high, with the world’s top five semiconductor silicone plants accounting for 90% of the market in recent years, with oligopoly patterns. Silicon industry groups are small, with 1.26% of the global semiconductor silicon market share in 2018.
In the long-term process of transferring global chip manufacturing capacity to mainland China, the mainland Chinese market will become the main battleground for global semiconductor silicon firms, and companies will face a double competition between advanced international firms and new domestic entrants in the future. As a result, firms face the risk that the new global coronary virus epidemic of 2020, which has become increasingly competitive, will adversely affect the semiconductor industry.
The outbreak of the new coronary virus in early 2020 delayed the resumption of work by companies and subsidiaries in the country after spring, and affected the progress of some of the Department’s transport of raw materials and the installation of machinery and equipment due to disruption of transport. The company and subsidiaries in the country have now resumed full work in accordance with the local government’s policy circulars and guidance, and production has returned to normal, and production by subsidiaries outside the company has returned to normal.
But if the epidemic is not effectively controlled for a long time in countries and regions like Europe, North America, Japan, etc., it could have serious implications for the global semiconductor chain, which could lead to a decline in production of downstream chip manufacturing enterprises, a shortage of company raw materials, and companies’ subsidiaries.
Adverse circumstances, such as the impact on production operations, will have a direct or indirect negative impact on the results of the company ' s operations.