The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) The silicon industry (688126.sh) has increased (first rating) The continent's silicon silicon taps have grown to thousands of miles.
The continent’s silicon head was the first to achieve a breakthrough of 300 mm silicon from 0 to 1: the company was founded in 2015 by the national conglomerates, industrial investment funds, etc., and silicon operations were actually started in Shanghai by three subsidiaries: New Shanghai, Okmetic, and New Proud Technologies, and in 2018 it was the first to produce 300 mm semiconductor silicons.
The silicon industry: the cycle and growth dance, the national alternative space, the silicon industry space and the pattern of competition: silicon is the semiconductor core material, marketed at $11.2 billion, 200 mm global production of about 5 million silicons per month, or about 6 million silicon per month.
The ratio of 300 mm silicon is increasing. The technology of semiconductor silicon is very difficult, and research and development is long-cycle and concentrated, with the top five accounting for 93% and the share of the day being more than half. Industry growth drivers: 5g mobile phones, data centres, etc. are core drivers, 15g cellular logic.
Application upgrades, such as chip and storage, have increased the use of single-phone silicons by 1.7 times the size of 4g.2 Data flow surges have led to increased data centre demand for chips and data centre storage requirements for 300 mm silicon cagr (2019-2023) up to 18.4 per cent and 3 car electrons.
The increase in the rate of motorization has led to an increase in the demand for semiconductors, especially 200 mm silicon tablets, and an increase in the demand for silicon in automobiles and electronics (200 mm equivalent) cagr (2016-2022) by 8.5 per cent. Industry cycle: strong demand for silicon tablets in the short term - 2020q1 - mainly increased demand for data centres and pc
The medium- and long-term -300 mm silicon is not expected to achieve a balance between supply and demand until at least 2021, when the silicon plant will have a stronger pricing capacity. In terms of prices, the lta (long-term contract) will bring relative price stability, and the lta will have a higher share.
Companies’ prices are less affected by supply and demand. Domestic opportunities: China has a large investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing and storage (Long River storage, fattening silicon, etc.), and the nationalization of silicon, especially 300 mm silicon, is indispensable.
Power for growth: 200 mm high-end location guaranteed profitability, 300 mm national production replacement for cutting-edge technology ~200mm products oriented to high-end segmented markets, with 551 clients, the main source of corporate profits (in particular, kmetic), and there is much room for improvement in the new technologyasp and the Māori ratio.
Three hundred mm of new R&D production in Shanghai, raising $1.75 billion in expansionary capacity, and companies’ products are now much more test films, and there is much room for greater profitability as market technology upgrades increase. And it is expected that: the impact of the epidemic: the risks associated with increased competition.
I. The mainland silicon tap, which is a substitute for national production (i) the big silicone tap, pioneered the breakthrough of 300 mm silicon silicon from zero to one, the deep-deep silicon industry, and led the 300 mm silicon national production.
The capital group, the Industrial Investment Fund, etc., was set up to focus on investment in silicon materials. In 2016, it acquired and held shares in kmetic, Shanghai Shinjia, and in March 2019 it completed the control of new and proud technology.
The silicon industry is a holding company in which the development, production and sale of large silicon tablets are actually carried out by the three subsidiaries of Okmetic, Shanghai Shinji and Shinyo Technologies, among them: okmetic: the main product is 200 mm and below and soi silicon silicon (in).
The product is mainly oriented towards high-end segmented markets such as mems, advanced sensors and auto electrons, and is dominated by high-end, customized semiconductor silicon products.
In the market areas of chip, storage chip, image treatment chip, generic processor chip, etc., the household is positioned as a chip manufacturing enterprise with 300 mm of advanced process capability worldwide.
Silicon (mainly simox, binding, simbamd technology and smartcuttm production technology). Mainly oriented towards high-end markets such as radio frequency chips and power devices.
The national production rate of 300 mm silicon was almost zero per cent, the company took the lead in the scaling up of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets in 2018, and sales revenue increased, and the capacity of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets increased further from 100,000 in 2018 to 150,000 in 2019, with production expanding steadily.
(ii) Steady growth in revenue, short-term pressure on profits during the expansion of capacity, steady high growth in revenue and short-term pressure on profits. The high growth in corporate income was due mainly to the upturn in production and sales of 300 mm silicon in 2019. At the same time, new technology opened in March 2019.
The main reason for the loss of profits in 22019 and 2020q1 was the low utilization of the new 300 mm silicon production capacity in Shanghai in 2019, influenced by the industry's climate, while the company's strategy of “reverse-cycle operations” continued to expand production of 300 mm silicon, with significant depreciation costs arising from the massive conversion of production line machinery and equipment
And the production and sales of semiconductor silicons (including silicon silicon silicon) up to 200 mm are equally responsible for the productivity and sales rates, and there is much room for raising the Māori rate as productivity and good rates rise. Because the company 300mm (iii) has no real control over people, equity incentives stimulate the motivation of its employees.
The company has no shareholders and no real controllers. As of the first quarter of the report, the national conglomerates and the Industrial Investment Fund have introduced equity incentives for core technicians. To maximize the motivation of R & D personnel, and maintain the stability of the technology R & D team, the company has awarded key technology R & D and the core management unit.
The incentive scheme has a total of 267 persons, and it actually grants the incentive audience a stock period. The equity options are granted in three batches after 24 months, with a ratio of 1/3 per batch of available options, performance tests, two, silicon industry: cycle and growth dance, and national production is a huge alternative.
(i) Silicon tablets: semiconductor manufacturing core materials, with a market of $11.2 billion, or 300 mm, as compared to rising volumes, semiconductor materials are an important component of the semiconductor industry, accounting for 13 per cent. In 2019, the global semiconductor sector market space was $412.1 billion, with a greater share of ongoing global trade volatility and product price cyclicality.
By a combination of factors, this is 13% lower than the total sales in 2018. Semiconductor material is an important component of the semiconductor industry, with semiconductor material accounting for 13% of the total semiconductor industry market in 2019.
In semiconductor materials, manufacturing materials are faster than in semiconductor materials. Semiconductor materials include semiconductor manufacturing materials and semiconductor encapsulation materials. According to Semi, the global semiconductor manufacturing materials market model was $33.118 billion in 2018, an increase of 17.14 per cent over the same period; semiconductor encapsulation test materials are expected to be marketed on a large scale.
197.01 billion United States dollars, or 3.02 per cent more than the previous year. The market for manufactured materials has been growing faster than the market for sealed materials. Silicon tablets account for the highest percentage of manufactured materials, accounting for 36.6 per cent of semiconductor materials, mainly silicon tablets, electronic gases, photo masks, photo-coated chemicals, polished materials, photo-records, wet chemicals and spatters.
The highest proportion of semiconductor silicon tablets, 36.6%, is the core material manufactured by semiconductors. Currently, the global semiconductor silicon market space is $11.2 billion, with a delivery area of about 1.18 billion square inches.
Sales amounted to $11.2 billion, a 2 per cent decline over the same period, and the global decline in semiconductor silicon tablets in 2019 was due mainly to the weakness of storage markets and stocks, which, despite the decline in sales, still exceeded the $11 billion mark.
Figure 15: Global semiconductor silicon silicon output and acceleration Silicon silicon silicon by manufacturing process can be divided into: silica silica, exterior silica silica silica silica. Single crystal silicon silicon is cut, grinded and polished and gets polished: silica silica silts grow out and form outer sprawls: silts
Soi silicon silicon silica is formed after processing through processes such as oxidation, keying or ion injection. Specifically: Slicing chips: the surface roughness of silicon can be further reduced by the polishing process to meet the chip-making requirements for silicon silica level and surface particle size.
The carrier, which is widely used for the storage of chips and power devices, etc., can also be used as a liner for the outer chip, soi silicon silicon.
New silicon monocrystal layers of types, resistance rates, thickness, and crystal structures that meet the requirements of specific devices. Explicit slices are often used in cmos circuits, such as generic processor chips, graphic processor chips, etc.; in addition, a layer of high resistivity is expanded at the base of a low resistance silicon line.
Layers, applied to the manufacture of power devices such as diodes, igbt, etc.. Explicit silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is a layer of oxidation between the top silicon and the supporting lining.
Soi silicon is suitable for use on microchips requiring high pressure, bad environment, low power consumption, high integration, such as radio frequency front-end chips, power devices, car electrons, and satellite chips.
The size of the silicon is constantly increasing, and the larger the size, the lower the cost of the unit chip. The size of the semiconductor silicon is mainly 50 mm (2 inches in diameter), 75 mm (3 inches), 100 mm (4 inches), 150 mm (6 inches), 200 mm (8 inches) and 300 mm (12 inches).
Under the influence of the law, semiconductor silicon tablets are moving in the direction of larger sizes. The larger the silicon, the larger the number of chips made on a single silicon, the lower the cost of the unit chip. And the larger the size, the smaller the loss of the edge of the silicon, the lower the cost of the chip.
In the next few years, 300 mm will remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicon. Since the first 300 mm chip production line was completed in 2000, the market for 300 mm semiconductor silicon has increased, and the area of delivery is rising. In the next few years, 300 mm will remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicon.
As the semiconductive system narrows down, the demand for silicon is increasing. Silicon silicons of the same size are divided into different linear widths, such as the 12-inch crystal circle of the center core International, which covers 0.35um-14nm, and as the feature line narrows down, a very small difference in altitude on the silicon is causing the integrated electricity.
In 2016-2018, the global market price for semiconductor silicon silicon rose from $0.67/inch to 0.89/inch, with an average annual compound growth rate of 15.39%.
Figure 20: Global semiconductor silicon prices are on the rise by 300 mm silicon currently yielding close to 6 million pieces worldwide, depending on cellular phones, pc, servers downstream. The 300 mm silicon yield is close to 6 million pieces per month by 2019q4, with the highest proportion downstream.
Mobile phone applications, 34%, followed by pc/server, 21%. Major ones include storage chips, images like processing chips, generic processor chips, high performance fpga and asic. 200mm silicons are currently close to 5 million pieces of global monthly production, downstream to industry, mobile phones, services, etc.
Car ownership. 200 mm silicon, with a global capacity of close to 5 million silica per month as of 2019q4, with the highest percentage of downstream applications, 19 per cent, followed by mobile phones and cars, with 19 per cent and 18 per cent, respectively. The demand for 200 mm semiconductor silicon is on the rise as automobiles, electronics, etc., are driven.
Power manager, non-lossible memory, mems, display drive chips and fingerprint identification chips, etc. (ii) Semiconductor silicone is technically difficult, authentication barriers are high, semiconductor silicon is technologically difficult, and research and development cycle long-term certification barriers are high.
The industry is technology-intensive, and production techniques involve the combined application of multidisciplinary knowledge in heat mechanics, solid physics, semiconductor physics, chemistry, computer simulation/simulation.
The application needs to be extended. The special application of high pressure power needs to be soi, and every step is very demanding. Technical indicators for each link are very numerous and very high, and real profitability must be at a certain rate. This requires a lot of experience.
*Crystal: Pre-Crystal is silicon purified, amounting to between 99.999999 and 99.999999.9 per cent (9-11 9) of super-pure polysilicon, which, during the crystallization phase, needs to address the oxygen content and the balance of direction, homogeneity, impurity control, oisf control, gocop, crystalline, a-defect control, oxygen.
There are a number of problems with sediment control, electrical resistance levels, mixing and homogeneity. The temperature of the melting body, the lifting speed and the rotation speed of the seed crystals/stones determine the size and crystal matter of the single crystal silicon, and the concentration of impurities such as blubber (p), phosphorus (b) in the molten determines the concentration of the single crystal silicon.
* "Cut, grind, throw": in this chain, semiconductor silicon pieces need to minimize crystal defects as much as possible, maintain a very high level of flatness and surface cleanness to ensure an integrated circuit or semiconductor device with expanses and silicon silica silica: oxygen deposition and its directional distribution, deep-energy metal impurities, edge flats
Features such as wholeness, low child life, site flatness, surface particles, membrane thickness and its homogeneity, surface and body metals, slider lines, distribution of resistance interfaces, resistance rates and evenness: soi silicon silicon requires oxygen encumbrance and its homogeneity, silicon thickness and its homogeneity, surface and body gold
• High barriers to product certification: semiconductor silicon is the core material of the manufacturing process, high barriers to certification,
The strictness of product-specific certification depends mainly on the manufacturing process and end-production of semiconductor silicon tablets for a month, with soi silicon certification cycles usually of 1-2 years; and automobile electronics, medical health and aerospace applications of 3-5 years.
Figure 25: Large silicon production process and core technology (iii) 5g mobile phones, data centres etc. will be the core driver of future demand Cell phones, pc/server/sssd, which account for more than half of the downstream demand for large silicon tablets and will grow in the future
The silicon is the highest in terms of downstream demand, as high as 28%, followed by a pc/server of 26% or more, which is the main driving force behind the growth of the industry in the future.
5g mobile phone application upgrades will drive up the demand for silicon, especially 300 mm silicon, 300 mm silicon chips in the cell phone, including cis, logical chip, nad, dram. 300 mm silicon chips are mainly used in the cell phone for partial cis/logic chip, and nad, dram
Storage, according to Sumco predicts that, between 2020 and 2023, 300 mm of silicon in mobile phones will increase by as much as 7.6% at a single cell phone of 5g, with 1.7 times the size of a single silicon cellular cellular use of 4g. According to Sumco,
From 4g to 5g mobile phones, dram, rand, cameras, ap, etc., have increased significantly, so that the use of silicon in each cell phone will increase from about 70% to 2.2 square inches from 4g to about 1.3 square inches. The equivalent will be 300 mm silicon, with cellular demand for silicon from 2018 (high-end machine) to 2023.
5g mobile phones. According to a conservative sumco projection, it is assumed that 400 million mobile phones will be sold in 2023, so that the equivalent will be 300 mm silicon, and the demand for silicon will increase from 430,000 silicons in 2018 (high-end machines) to 533,000 in 2023 (5g mobile phones).
▪ The data flow outbreak has led to an increase in data centre demand for chips, leading to an explosion in data centre worldwide. According to Sumco combined cisco data, the global data flow compound will increase by 25.5 per cent between 2019 and 2023.
The increased demand for the data centre will lead to an increase in the demand for silicon. As the data flow increases, the data centre's need for ssd storage will increase by 46% between 2019 and 2023.
The Centre’s demand for Nand, dram, mpu continues to grow, generating a complex increase of up to 18.4 per cent in the demand for 300 mm silicon in 2019-2023, especially in the Nand and dram storages.
The high rate of car digitisation and autopilot will drive the rapid growth of the car electronics market. The growth of automobiles is due mainly to the expansion of traditional vehicle electronics, the growing maturity of auto-drive technology and the rapid growth of the electric automobile industry. The global electronics market for automobiles is expected to be complex in 2018-2030.
The increase in the size of the electronic market for cars, especially 200 mm silicon chips. Usually, car electron chips are used mainly with silicon silicon silica with silica up to 200 mm or less. In recent years, cars have been associated with silicon.
Producers of power devices, sensors, etc. transfer some of their capacity from 150 mm to less than 200 mm silicon, which will increase the need for silicon from 200 mm to less than 200 mm.
(iv) Industry cycle: short-term supply and demand are difficult to improve, prices are difficult to increase, lta secure contract prices are stable, demand is strong in the first quarter of 2020, and the second half of the year is uncertain due to epidemiological factors.
The disclosure of the 2020q1 financial report, which exceeded expectations, led to a 3.4 per cent growth in the 2020q2 performance ratio, mainly due to the strong demand for logical chips and the increased demand for pc in data centres and tele-officers, which led to a step-by-step recovery of storage requirements. The price of 300 mm silicon tablets under the 2020q1 long-term contract remained unchanged.
The demand for 300 mm and 200 mm silicon in the first quarter was strong, and somco thought that users were worried about the impact of the outbreak on the supply chain. We thought that, in the second half of the year ahead, demand was expected under the uncertainty of the epidemic and the pressure of downstream customers to adjust their stocks.
Balance, the silicon mill will have a relatively strong price-fixing capacity. 300 mm silicon will continue to reduce the output gap from 2021 and 200 mm supply and demand will be relatively balanced. As mentioned earlier, in the next few years, 5g mobile phones, data centres, etc., will pull 300mm.
Demand, but we also see potential expansion plans for plants like GlobalWafers, so we think that oversupply of 300 mm will continue, but the output gap will continue to decrease from 2021, and the capacity utilization of 300 mm silicon will hit the bottom in 2020.
200 mm is more balanced between supply and demand than the 300 mm original crystal circle, with limited expansion of capacity, and short periods due to weak demand, such as automobiles, attention to needs such as simulations, mems, material networking, sensors, etc., and the opportunity for demand to bounce down points.
Figure 40: 300 mm silicon production capacity, demand situation (millions per month) lta (long-term contract) will lead to relative price stability, higher lta prices for companies are charged year by year, renewed at least until 2020, and therefore contract prices will also be more stable.
Part of the lta is due to be renewed in 2020, and we believe that the price of the contract renewal is likely to be stable unless demand is very poor, capacity utilization is significantly reduced, spot prices fall significantly, some crystal circle manufacturers lower the price of the long-term contract, and if the epidemic is in June.
* spot prices will not fall significantly. The decline in spot prices will be relatively small compared to the previous global financial crisis, when global crystal round prices were raised in 2008 because of the lack of lta.
During the melting crisis, there was a 50 per cent decline, but now, due to the presence of lta, the supply gap will be narrowing, so that prices will not fall significantly when the epidemic is manageable. (v) Competition patterns: high concentration, with Japanese manufacturers making up half the world.
The global semiconductor silicon sector has a high market concentration, with the top five producers accounting for 93%. The global semiconductor silicon sector has a high market concentration, dominated by well-known enterprises in Japan, Germany, Korea, Taiwan, China, and other countries and regions, with the top five producers accounting for 93% of the total market share.
The sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sumcos is more than half, the silicon industry group is smaller and accounts for a higher concentration of 300 mm of the global semiconductor silicon market, up to 96% of the top five. The concentration of 300 mm of silicon is higher, up to 96% of the top five companies, of which 30% of the silicon industry group, 25% of the sumco market, stumco silicon, sk
Siltron 16%, circumpolar crystal circle 12%, siltronic 13%.
♪ Global crystal circle ♪ ♪ siltronic ♪ sksiltron ♪
The national production of silicon, especially 300 mm of silicon, is indispensable in China, which accounts for 10 per cent of the global demand for silicon, and will continue to rise.
In 2018, the Chinese mainland accounted for 10 per cent of the world ' s silicon demand by region, and the future demand ratio is expected to continue as China ' s continental crystal circle plants and storage companies rise. At present, the continent produces 150 mm, 200 mm and 300 mm of silicon, mainly abroad.
China’s semiconductor silicon companies produced mainly 200 mm or less, and Sino-Silicon companies in Shanghai, as the first China-based company to sell 300 mm silicon, broke the 300 mm silicon semiconductor production rate of almost zero%.
Downstream demand suggests that 300 mm crystal round workers in mainland China will be more than 200 mm in the future. Root, according to Gartner, the current manufacturing capacity of 300 mm chips in mainland China is less than 200 mm, and 300 mm in mainland China will be more than 200 mm in chip manufacturing.
China has a huge 12 inch manufacturing investment, and 12 inches of silicon national production is indispensable. According to China Court data, the 12 inch crystalline that is now in production on mainland China is now over 20, and 8 are announced to be under construction, and the post-production capacity will be over 2.34 million units per month.
The total investment in production lines has exceeded 1.5 trillion yuan, and 12 inches of construction and planning are close to 750 billion yuan. There is a huge 12 inch manufacturing investment on mainland China, but silicon is still a virgin.
The Yangjiang store, and storage manufacturers such as the Fats and Ping will need a lot of 12 inches of silicon in the next few years. In the next few years, the Yangtze store will need a lot of 12 inches of silicon as well.
In mainland China, silicon production capacity has increased by 300 mm more than 200 mm, which is consistent with downstream demand trends.
(i) Focus on technology and R & D inputs, achieve milestones, focus on R & D, and set up an international R & D team. The company has been actively engaged in research for a long time, with 419 technology R & D personnel in the company, forming Dr. Li and Wangqingyu
After years of continuous research and development and production practices, the company has mastered the production of the semiconductor silicon, which includes 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
Cut, grind, throw, soi, and other core technologies, including monocrystal growth technology, cutting technology, chemical and corrosion technology, grinding technology, polishing technology, cleaning technology, extension technology, soi technology and measuring technology, as the backbone of silicon silicon in mainland China, have assumed many national “02-specific” responsibilities.
The company, as the leader of the continental silicon film, took on several national “02-specific” and received important awards. The 2019 annual report revealed that the company had fully completed its research and development and industrialization of the 40-28nm integrated circuit using 300 mm silicon technology during the reporting period.
Project to achieve a mass product leading the 28nm process. (ii) 300 mm silicon: a national replacement for semiconductor front-line technology.
The new 300 mm silicon silicon project in Shanghai is progressing rapidly, construction began in 2014, construction began in 2015 and the first 300 mm single crystal silicon was successfully pulled out in October 2016, the first product was sold in 2017, the first was delivered in a positive form, and in 2018 it was finally 300 mm semiconductor.
The silicon silicon silicon silicon production, with 100,000 pieces per month, filled the void in industrialization of 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon in mainland China, and successfully developed a non-defective crystal; in 2019, the new 28nm logic, 3d-nand storage tablets in Shanghai were certified through the Yangtze storage and the 1 million products were offline.
The first crystal bar, the 28nm logic, the 3d-- the first product sale was certified.
♪ Nand Storage Positive Authentication ♪ First Positive Samples ♪ Work Construction ♪
The company's 300 mm silicon film, which includes polishing and extrapolation, covers 28 nm-90nm. The company's 300 mm silicon film consists of polishing and extrapolation, of which more than 90% are polished, in the process, in the public domain.
The product of 300 mm semiconductor silicon is available for 40-28nm, 65nm, 90nm, and is currently being developed for 300mm semiconductor silicon, which can be used for 20-14nm. The volume of shipments is increasing.
In the last two years, the total volume of products in active form has exceeded 75,000. 300 mm unit prices are below industry levels, and a lot of them may be test samples, and there's a lot of room for improvement. The company now has 300 mm unit prices.
With an average unit price of over $5,600, the company ' s products may now have a low-price test film, which is expected to increase its profitability as markets expand and technologically upgrade: due to the impact of the company ' s current product structure and capacity utilization, and the higher depreciation of early equipment,
The Māori rate for 300 mm products is negative. Continuous upgrading of technology, improvement of production processes, expansion of the number of customers and upgrading of sales, and development of products for dryer and more advanced processes are the main development objectives of the company’s 300mm semiconductor silicon current phase.
The company's 300mm semiconductor silicon film sub-products have been certified by chip-making enterprises such as Grovend, China-Chrystal International, China-Boom Macro, Valium electrons, Yangtze Storage, Hua-Yun Microelectronics. As of 30 September 2019, the company's 300mm
The number of clients certified for semiconductor silicon tablets has reached 49. 300 mm capacity expansion, technological upgrading, matching the huge demand for domestic production, storage, etc. The previous chapter analysed the huge investment in crystal circle manufacturing and storage in the Chinese market, the huge demand for silicon tablets in Shanghai.
At 300 mm, in addition to the evolution of technology, there has been a positive expansion of productive capacity, which has now reached 150,000 units per month in Shanghai and is under construction in phase II. The planned expansion of 300,000 units per 10,000 units per month in phase II has little to worry about the follow-up capacity to meet market demand.
(iii) 200 mm silicon: high-end segmented market with increasing shares.
The industry is also one of the major shareholders of the French semiconductor material company Soitec.
Soi silicon, for use in the development and production of mems, sensors, analogue circuits and separated semiconductor products. The company acquired and controlled Okmetic in July 2016 and has initiated two new extension projects to consolidate the company ' s market for advanced silicon products at 200 mm high end
New Sioux Technologies: Established in 2001, with nearly 20 years of industry experience, especially the unique competitive advantage of soi silicon silicon pieces 200 mm and below, was the first firm in mainland China to industrialize soi silicon and a small supplier of soi materials in the world.
First, at present, more than 90% of Ninsu’s products are sold in the US, Japan, Europe, Russia, Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, etc. Soi silicon produced by Ninsu technology will continue to be used on a large scale in the field of radio-frequency chips and auto electronic applications in the future.
Soitec: In France, soitec produces more than 80% of the global market for soi silicon, while soitec produces more than 95% of the global production of soi silicon, using the smartcut technology of soitec.
Soitec also has a great deal of technical cooperation in the field of gan and sic technology, and through its partnership with soitec, has mastered the cutting edge of smartcuttm production in the area of soi silicon.
Two hundred mm silicon products consist mainly of polishing tablets, silicon silicon silicon silica silicon silicon silicon silica silica silicon silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicate silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siligen silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The silicon silicon (including soi silicon) product can be used in 90 nm, 0.11 m, 0.13 m, 0.18 m, 0.25 m, 0.35 m, 0.5 m, etc. Okmetic products have higher unit prices and Māori rates, and there is room for upgrading of the new technology.
The lower prices are mainly due to the fact that the new technology and the soi silicon silicon of the kmetic are different in terms of product applications.
The products of Okmetic are oriented towards high-end segmented markets such as mems, advanced sensors and car electronics, the product is customized, the product unit price is higher, and the soi silicon silicon of the new technology is mainly oriented towards the market for radio-frequency chips and power devices; and the ratio of products of 200 mm and below varies from company to company.
The average unit price for soi silicon silicon is less than Okmetic for 200 mm and less than half-conductor silicon positioning high-end market, which is more competitive. Company 200mm and below semi-conductor silicon (including silicon silicon silicon silicon) locates high-end market segmentation.
In particular, sophisticated products, especially anti-radio frequency front-end chips, simulation chips, advanced sensors, auto electrons, etc., have a more competitive high-end segmentation market. And, given the small volume, multiple batches, and variety of products in the customer procurement model, they have a distinct competitive advantage with some semiconductor silicon taps.
In the case of soi silicon, the company has advanced soi silicone manufacturing techniques such as simox, bonding, simband, smart cuttm, which can provide multiple types of soi silicone products.
Fund-raising projects: 300 mm silicon phase two project expansion and technological upgrading.
Production performance layouts, specifically: Phase II of research and development and industrialization of 300 mm silicone technology for integrated circuit manufacturing: the company ' s main product is 300 mm and less semiconductor silicone, with $1.75 billion to raise funds.
When you land, you will upgrade 300 mm semiconductor silicon production technology nodes and expand the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
• Replenishment of liquidity: the proposed use of $750 million to raise funds to supplement liquidity, thereby optimizing the financial structure of companies and providing financial support for corporate business development.
New product development and industrialization of technology applications. 300 mm silicon as the semiconductor silicon that is the most dominant and market-largest and growing trend in the current global market. The company is currently implementing the national “02” “300 mm silicon package development and industrialization of integrated circuits with 20-14nm”,
The research and development and industrialization work on the development of 300 mm silicon technology for the manufacture of integrated circuits in 40-28nm will be applied to the new productive capacity of the project. Based on the changes in market demand resulting from the development of the semiconductor sector, the project will help companies build their own businesses.
To take advantage of market opportunities in a timely manner, through the expansion of 300 mm semiconductor silicon and technological upgrading, especially to more advanced technology nodes, to achieve a full-size, full-grade, semiconductor silicon product layout, to further expand the scale of corporate sales, reduce unit costs, improve product quality and optimize product structure,
To achieve performance growth and upgrade the company’s industry position and core competitiveness.V. Profit forecasts versus valuations.We predict that the company’s 200mm and the following silicon business will grow at a rate of 28.4 per cent over the next three years.
The reason for this is that the increase in product sales has been accompanied by an increase in overall unit prices, higher incomes, and a rise in the Māori rate as a result of product restructuring. We predict that the 300mm silicon business will grow at a rate of 103.4% and 92%, respectively, over the next three years.
84.5 per cent, mainly due to the rapid increase in product sales as a result of the trend towards national production and the expansion of the capacity of the company, while the Māori rate was negative in 2020 and negative in 2021, due to our judgement that there is still room for improvement in the quality of the company ' s products, and that there is still room for improvement, mainly in test films, as compared to the positive.
Space, while the unit price of corporate products is below the industry average at this stage, both years of expansion of production capacity have resulted in higher depreciation costs, negative public- and short-term Māori rates, but as company good rates and capacity utilization rises, the volume of positive output increases and Māori rates will begin to improve and increase rapidly from 2022 onwards.
The risk of falling prices for products from the industry cycle: if excess silicon output, especially 300 mm silicon, continues to be overcapacity, non-permanent prices may be at risk of falling in the long term, and if demand is due to persistent low external environmental impacts, there is also a risk of falling prices when long-term contracts are re-established.
The company’s current silicon products, especially 300 mm silicon, are still far from overseas, and, if technological progress is less advanced than expected, may affect the client’s certification, which in turn affects the company’s income and profits.
The risk of a better product than expected is that the company is in the process of expanding its capacity and technological upgrading, that the silicon plant will require significant capital investment, and that if the company ' s product is not as good as expected, the release of new capacity will face a larger depreciation cost that will have a downward impact on the company ' s performance.
The risk that the epidemic will have an impact on supply chains and demand: if the epidemic lasts longer or deteriorates further, the deterioration of the epidemic may affect the supply of upstream materials if the company ' s main supplier is out of the country; and, at the same time, if the epidemic continues to deteriorate, it may have an impact on downstream demand.
The risk of increased competition: while companies are the continent leaders in the silicon sector and are the first to achieve 300 mm national production and 200 mm technological leadership, there are now more enterprises in the silicon sector in the country, with the risk of increased competition if there are others.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment