Medical Health Research Center Performance Income End meets expectations, more investment in research and development, higher income tax, company fundamentals (RMB)
On 28 February, the company released a fast-track performance report for 2019, yielding revenues of approximately $17.640 billion, with the same pay-as-you-go end meeting expectations, lower-than-expected returns to the parent, and expected to operate normally with the company ' s costly R & D and major infusions, as well as non-revenue formulations, as a whole, as a result of prices with competitors
In the war, it is expected to decline, but in line with expectations. Total profit increases - 7.08%, net profit returns are accelerated on a year-on-year basis, i.e., sales in the first half of the year were about $220 million for Coreschure, and sales in Palot 1.
For about $169 million, sales of intestinal nutrient varieties such as Dot + Domónte amount to approximately $179 million, and other new 2.
3. Three Drivers, Innovative Futures - Deepening of the Colon Pharmaceuticals Industry, expected to increase the cost of R & D inputs, modeling the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency into the harvest period, and promising for innovation next year.
More significant increases (e.g., factoring in clinical costs, R & D authorization revenue for phase III of project A140). The company predicts a phase-by-step harvest period, with next year's approvals for protein violet supremol, Dapper Sitting, and Onitrogen EQU: at the same time, the first innovative drug pd-l11 is expected to be declared for nasal cancer.
The most advanced varieties of innovative medicines include, among others, a167 (pd-l1), a140 (egfr), adc, ILRC, jak inhibitors, new anaesthetic pains, and tpo varieties. Given the steady growth of corporate fluids over the long term, Kawaning’s performance is under pressure, and imitated medicines are on the market for fast-distributions.
Performance, as well as innovative medicine clinical progresses steadily in the future. 2019-2021, we gave the mother-in-law a profit deal. Lee Ying Lei has uncertainty about clinical progress in developing varieties, both within and outside the country; the risk of competition when imitation is on the market; the sales group.
Uncertainty in the expansion of the team and commercialization of new medicines: uncertainty in the progress of the distribution shares, not currently taken into account: complex patterns of competition and uncertainty in the performance of the intermediary market in Kawaning; risk of the release of the stocks from sale; and analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment