In the year 2017, the company announced its annual report for 2017, which generated business income of $21,109 million.
This represents an increase of 24.71 per cent in the same year, and a net return of $9,277 million in the same year, or 47.94 per cent in the same year. The company has increased its income from international operations. In 2017, the company achieved a significant increase of 24.71 per cent in the same year ' s operating income, excluding a change in accounting for the company ' s equity investment in Jiangsu Bank, resulting in an increase in investment returns.
This is mainly due to a significant 6.67-fold increase in corporate income from international business and 13.03-per-cent growth in investment management. With the growth in revenue from the acquisition of an ensetmark post-Watterkin (Hong Kong), international business companies can use overseas platforms to deepen cross-border linkages and synergies, a new pattern of international operations is expected to emerge.
□ Brokering leads, deepening the development of wealth management. As the leader of the brokerage business, in 2017, the company had a stock base of $19.01 trillion, with a market share of 7.86 per cent, and remained in first place for the fourth consecutive year. At present, 98.49 per cent of the total openings of the company's mobile terminal clients are accounted for.
The company, 85.29% of its trading clients, traded through the “Growing Fortunes”, has largely completed customerization. At present, the company remains committed to using big data to dig deep into the value of customer transactions and behavioral data to provide differentiated services and further develop wealth management.
□abs are growing and active management has yet to be enhanced. Companies achieved 3.3228 billion yuan in investment management in 2017, an increase of 13.03% over the same period. The average monthly size of corporate asset management is 78,852 million yuan, the second highest in the industry; the average monthly size of active asset management is 24,187 million yuan, the fourth highest in the industry.
In 2017, the company seized the opportunity of abs development and issued 46,352 million yuan a year, the industry ranked third, with an increase of 86.49 per cent in comparison with the industry average, and business is expected to continue to be corporate revenue in 2018.
□ Investment proposals: As a leader in brokering, the management of wealth is steadily moving forward, international business is showing up, prior firm approvals are set, capital strength will be greatly enhanced, company stock prices are only 1.4 times higher than the price of 2017pb and are historically low, and therefore “recommended” ratings are given.
Chart 2: Company pb-band points. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
Synchronization of markets: The rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuates between ~5 ~ + 5 %; there will be no change. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and there is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities in the report.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek investment banking or other services for these companies.