Non-recurrent gains and losses enhance performance and retail transformation continues to deepen
Improved performance. The company changed its accounting methods for the Jiangsu bank’s equity, increasing net profits by about $2.1 billion, making the net profits of the company significant. The company’s deduction in 2017 was not a parent net profit base, which was the same as in 2016.
Retail transformation has continued to deepen, and is at the forefront of the industry. In 2017, companies adapted their organizational structure to further develop a customer-driven management system. On the one hand, companies actively use Internet gold to integrate advantages, large customer size advantages, and combined financial advantages to create a positive orientation towards their public customers.
On the other hand, the company actively builds on the advanced wealth management service systems and experience of the assetmark, combining its larger investment team (more than 25% of its parent employees) with the company’s professional wealth management capacity.
The value of services has been declining, and the development of mature business models in the transition to wealth management still needs to be explored by individual bondholders. Huatai securities are now at the forefront of the transformation of retail operations, leading by example in building the capacity of clients’ services.
Investment management business grew faster, and the public fund business started. Thanks to the excellent performance of corporate pooled capital products, the net income from corporate pooled management business grew significantly, from $1.25 billion to $1.52 billion, a growth of more than 20% the same year.
In 2017, the total asset code for the management of theassetmark platform reached $42.4 billion, an increase of 31 per cent compared to 196000 service terminal accounts.
A 21% increase; over 900 investment advisers have signed a cooperation agreement with theassetmark, which is a record high; many other operations are well under way. The number of funds and the size of the businesses hosted by the company’s pb operation have increased further: the firm’s bond-backed operations have grown in reverse size, resulting in public spending.
The performance of the divisional investment bank is significantly better than that of the industry as a whole: the company ' s M & As restructuring continues to be a leader. The company ' s average monthly activity has increased by 9.68 per cent over the year (from 5.32 million to 5.84 million).
The company’s current valuation is at an all-time low, and the rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities and investment, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.