The beauty group (0003333.sz) Wang Wei-chul is growing steadily under multiple pressures, and tob is changing.
Corporate performance: semi-annual company reports, 22h1 yields $183.66 billion, y0y + 5.0%, record yoy + 7.2%, and company performance meets expectations. Of this, q2 received $92.73 billion, yoy + 1%, recorded as net profit to the mother, $8.82 billion, yoy + 3.2%, and excluded net profit to the parent.
In addition to increasing production power, we believe that the optimal transformation of domestic channels and the expansion of overseas channels are also important drivers: (2) sub-products.
Against the backdrop of a 16.2 per cent decline in sales of 22h1, corporate air conditioning services have been growing in reverse, and corporate product portfolios, high-end brand Colmo sales in the first half of the year were over 4 billion, a 150 per cent increase in the same year, up from 2021 throughout the year.
The volume of sales is equal. (iii) In terms of the size of the business, the company's smarts are in the business, the industrial technology, the building science and technology, the robotics and automation, and the digital innovation business.
The Division deepens business transformation changes in tob, targeting priority industries such as smart manufacturing, old and new infrastructure, office research and development, business services, and medical rehabilitation, and works with industry headline clients, and expects to maintain subsequent digital changes and better cost-side controls.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We expect companies to achieve net profits separately in 2022 and 2023 Risk increases: the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected; demand is much lower; prices of raw materials are higher; exchange rate waves are higher; this report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.