Toc and tob together, start the second engine, the United States Group (000333), 2022 semi-annual review, August 31st, 2022.
Wei Hongmei's revenues were 90.939 billion yuan and 92.725 billion yuan respectively, an increase of 9.54 per cent and 3.24 per cent, respectively, respectively.
In the face of a complex domestic and foreign political and economic environment, companies quickly adjusted their layouts at the beginning of the year, focusing on core business and products and returning to business; despite the decline in income-side growth, the prices of raw materials, such as copper, aluminium, etc., are still high.
But second-quarter harvests have been successful at a new high, reflecting the resilience of companies. 30 August 2022, 1.87 percentage points. Companies have continued to promote science, technology and innovation and toc production.
In the first half of 2022, the Māori rate for heating air-conditioning and consumer appliances was optimized by 1.33 percentage points and 1.81 percentage points, respectively. On the profit side, in the first half of 2022, the net profit points for corporate sales were split. Companies continued to optimize their management, improve their ability to globalize, and boost their products, technology and innovation.
In the first half of 2022, the share of U.S. electricity suppliers continued to be more than 45%, and the U.S. sold more than $44 billion on the Internet.
At the same time, companies have deepened the transformation of Tob’s business and promoted the upgrading of the traditional hardware product mix to landscape solutions, with the exception of the traditional home-based electricity industry.
Co-sales are also being carried out through the construction and promotion of industry-wide solutions in the fields of building technology, robotics and automation, and digital innovation. Investment proposals: A smart-house, machine-electric, warm-up and building.
The Department of Industry, the Department of Robotics and Automation, the Global Group of Technology, the five major business units of Digital Innovation, insists on product innovation, diversified business layout, and strong combined competition. The pre-rated rating system's “market index” reference is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.