National gold foliage bus (600066.sh) from high quality to excellence, the bus's head is always strong.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, industry stock game, with a long shot. In the area of public transport, urbanization is progressing, urban passenger traffic is steadily rising, first-line urban rail traffic is gradually permeating, and demand for public transport is on the rise.
The four-line city bus traffic has been rising steadily, and the overall demand for buses will remain stable. The gradual expansion of the road bus collars, high-iron lines, has hit the road buses under parallel roads. Overall, the medium-sized bus industry will have stable demand in the future, with stock games becoming industry trends.
The largest medium-sized bus production base, with 32.5% of the city in 2016, is expected to increase steadily in terms of industry’s leadership in terms of technology development, profitability, and market access in a stock pool. New energy penetration is expected to rise, and city occupancy is expected to rise steadily.
With a volume of 608,600 and a new energy passenger vehicle holdings of about 200,000, with a penetration rate of about 30%, it is expected to rise to over 70% in the future, long-term growth of the new energy passenger vehicle is supported, and a gradual decline in short-term subsidies will accelerate the process of displacing the industry. We believe that with the phasing out of subsidies and the gradual upgrading of technology requirements,
With the gradual erosion of local protection, competition in the new energy bus sector has become more market-oriented, with technological advantages, size advantages, and brand-dominated industry leading markets are expected to increase steadily. The Wootong bus is the lead in the new energy bus sector, with the new energy bus market at more than 7 metres, 20% in 2015 and 20% in 2016.
Basics have improved, and performance has been too low. The first half of the year was marked by a decline in the production of new energy buses by about 67% compared to the previous six months, a 26.7% decline compared to the second half of 2017, a gradual reduction in industry disadvantage, and the third quarter of the Utopia bus list.
Gradual warming and the restructuring of new energy passenger vehicle sales are expected to work evenly throughout the year. At the same time, we believe that there is a greater likelihood that the government will adjust its subsidy policy to raise the subsidy technology threshold to provide sufficient incentives for firms that are ahead of the product technology target.
New energy buses are sold less than expected; subsidies are paid for downside risks.
Internationally advanced passenger vehicle electric swimmers, body swims, robot sprays, etc., have a 5 to 25-metre pattern, covering road passenger transport, tourism, public transport, groups, school buses, special buses, etc. Disaggregated markets, including general, middle, high-end, 203 product lines, etc.
Consistently, the company’s outstanding performance in the new energy bus area in the last two years has led to a steady expansion of its overall performance overseas. In recent years, while consolidating domestic markets, companies have been active in developing international markets with stable cost rates and a steady increase in the Maori rate.
Supply chain systems, etc., result in Māori rates above industry levels. Overall, Māori rates and net interest rates have risen steadily, benefiting from higher sales of new energy vehicles over the last two years, Māori rates have risen faster, and the same increases have been sustained in terms of cost rates over time as competition for buses has increased.
Although the new energy bus subsidy dropped year after year, the company’s Māori ratio did not decline over the same period last year, thanks to an increase in the share of the company’s buses.  There are more receivables and short-term pressure on operating cash flows.
Due to the delays in the granting of subsidies (the new energy bus would have to cover 30,000 km of operating mileage, usually in June-September), the company’s receivables have risen steadily as the base for the sale of new energy buses has been raised, and a round of new energy bus subsidies will be granted until 18 years, when the company’s cash flow is expected to ease.
The company has maintained a higher share of cash since it was listed, which is used to reward investors for more than 100% of the year. Compared to the industry average, public figure 10: the company maintains a higher interest rate on the dividends.
Seven partners, Yutsu and others, represent the physical control of the company. Utsong holds 41.14% of the company’s shares in direct and indirect terms and is the controlling shareholder of the company. 7 partners, Yusang and others, represent the control of the Yutsang group and the actual control of the company.
In the domestic market, the company has a sales company in the main bus market, which helps to open up the local market. On the international front, the company uses Yutongmiddleeeastfze, autobuusessyoutong.
At the same time, in the area of auto parts and components upstream of the company, there is a profit-making car parts and spare parts company, which is responsible for the import and export operations of the company, as well as of five subsidiaries of Yutongaustraaptyltd and Wootong International Ltd.
The full distribution of the business chain is conducive to increasing the profitability of the company.
The demand for buses and buses has stabilized, and the share of passenger cars has risen steadily. The bus and passenger cars are made up mainly of buses and buses. As China’s economy progresses steadily and the process of urbanization progresses, the overall demand for buses and buses has stabilized, and industry concentration has steadily increased.
2.1 Medium-sized passenger vehicle demand is stable, and stock competition is industry trend  Medium-sized passenger vehicle demand is stable, and the share of public transport is rising.
Long-distance passenger transport, tourism, and others. Bus transportation, long-distance passenger transport, is the main demand for medium-sized buses, as measured by the proportion of sales.
Urbanization has helped to stabilize the demand for urban passenger transport and to reduce the demand for public transport. The promotion of urbanization is the top strategy of our country, which, driven by policies, has gradually increased the rate of urbanization. In 2015, the urban population has surpassed that of the rural population.
As a result, the demand for urban passenger transport has remained stable, with public transport as the main vehicle for urban passenger transport, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the total number of urban passenger traffic, but with the gradual development of orbital traffic, the overall demand for public transport has been steadily decreasing.
According to the provinces, the front-line cities of Shanghai, mainly in Beijing, have high rates of urbanization, high levels of bus penetration, and relatively well-developed first-line urban orbital transport, which has a strong impact on the production of public transport, so the first-line urban bus holdings have remained stable overall, with the exception of the first-line cities.
Foreign provinces, especially less developed ones, have low rates of urbanization and lack the basis to build orbital transport. As urbanization progresses, bus holdings continue to increase steadily.
The population has increased, and China’s internal passenger and passenger traffic has been growing, but with rapid iron penetration, road passenger traffic has been shrinking. In 2016, China’s road passenger traffic declined by 4.7% compared to the same year, and China’s road passenger traffic by 4.8% compared to the same year.
Road passenger traffic is generally shrinking. Chart 19: Road passenger traffic is shrinking. Chart 20: Road passenger traffic is shrinking.
High irons have a certain impact on the demand for road passenger vehicles along parallel lines, but they have a catalytic effect on feeder passenger movements. From the point of view of transport, as high-lines expand, part of short-distance passenger transport gradually replaces road passenger vehicles, resulting in a rapid search for the average distance of rail passenger transport, with domestic rail passenger traffic as of 2016
The average distance is 447 km, a decrease of 76 km from 2010, which is a clear downward trend, which has had a significant impact on the demand for road buses under parallel lines, but at the same time, new short- and medium-distance requirements have been generated, indirectly contributing to 200 km, owing to the low number of rail stopovers and the distance of high-speed stations from urban areas.
Road passenger transport needs within range. Chart 21: Railway transport distances are gradually moving down  Total demand for buses is stable and stock games are industry trends.
There has been a steady increase in urban passenger traffic, a gradual penetration of first-line urban orbital traffic, an increase in the demand for public transport, a steady increase in public transport in three or four-line cities, and an overall stabilization of the overall demand for public transport.
Overall, the medium-sized bus industry will have stable demand in the future, with stock games becoming industry trends. Companies are the world’s largest medium-sized bus production base, accounting for 32.5% of the city in 2016, and companies are in a leading position in the industry in terms of technology development, profitability, etc., and market ownership under stock games.
2.2 The industry's leading players, the Utunbus market, have continued to grow, and the technology industry has developed a strong R & D capability. Companies have traditionally focused on technological innovation, R & D costs and R & D personnel are higher than the major competitors in the industry. After a long period of sedimentation,
The company’s Māori rate, which is higher than the industry’s competitor’s value, has been higher than 20% for a long time, and has been growing steadily in recent years, with a steady increase in the share of new energy passenger vehicles.
At that time, the company ' s Māori ratio was higher than that of industry competitors: compared to the mid-passenger and the Ankay bus: the company ' s overall sales were much larger than the mid-passenger, the Ankai bus, the advantages of size, and brand bargaining led to an increase in the Māori ratio.
Compared to the Golden Dragon: the company sales are close to the Golden Dragon, but the Māori rate of the Golden Dragon is much lower than that of the Woo-tung passenger, mainly because of the relatively high number of light passengers in the Golden Dragon; on the other hand, the three subsidiaries under the Golden Dragon are more decentralized and less efficient.
At the same time, the three companies’ different supply systems do not reflect the advantages of scale. Figure 25: The company’s Māori ratio is higher than the industry’s competitor’s leading passenger cars, with a steadily rising share.
In 2016, the company’s share of the market for bus sales was 32.6%, staying in the forefront of the industry, and the city’s share remained steadily rising. There is much room for penetration in overseas markets, and domestic exports are currently in the Middle East, South Africa, South Asia, etc.
In the same period, China produced 189,000 buses, about 56 per cent of global production, and there is still much room for penetration in overseas markets. Currently, the export of domestic buses is dominated by less developed regions such as the Middle East, South Africa, and South Asia, where Myanmar is currently the largest export market, and where exports depend on the local economy.
In the first half of 2017, the number of passenger vehicles exported was 28,000, a decline of 0.27% compared to the previous year.
The impact of fluctuations in rates and factors of domestic manufacturers’ focus on the development of new energy sources is that the overall export of more than 10 passenger vehicles has a significant cost advantage, with prices lower than those of well-known global passenger-car companies. Prominent passenger-car companies worldwide, such as Dymler and Volvo major markets, are concentrated in North America and Europe, and are more labour-intensive, location-oriented.
At the high end, the average cost of a bicycle is much higher than that of a domestic bus, such as Woo-tung, to the detriment of developing markets in underdeveloped regions such as Asia and Africa. The domestic cost advantage is clear, with a stronger competitive advantage for regions with high population density, such as Asia and Africa.
Since the opening of the Cuban market in 2004, sales networks have covered six major regions of the world: Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, Africa and the Middle East, comprising more than 190 authorized service stations or companies, and more than 320 authorized service networks.
The company has already assembled kd in the markets of Cuba, Venezuela, Ethiopia, Iran, etc., and has set up several units in France, Russia, Panama, Cuba, Venezuela, Venezuela, etc.
The company has continued to expand its overseas markets, with export volumes continuing to grow in 15 to 16 years of a decline in overall industrial exports, with a steady rise in the share of overseas export markets.3 New energy passenger vehicles have long been supported, with strong leaders.
3.1 New energy buses have long been supported, and subsidies have prompted the strong to develop new energy vehicles. In recent years, the government has introduced a number of policies to promote the new energy automobile industry, which has grown from the outbreak of new energy automobile sales.
There is a need to make it clear that the share of new energy buses in new and replaced public transport should not be increased. Based on the country’s new energy vehicle promotion policy, governments have launched their own promotion policies.
Bus are the main replacement area for new energy buses. At present, new energy buses are concentrated in the public transport sector. In 2016, 81 per cent of new energy buses were buses, of which the proportion of buses in pure electric buses was 96 per cent compared to 78 per cent.
There is still much room for new energy passenger vehicles to penetrate. At this stage, new energy buses are predominantly in the area of public transport, with 608,600 domestic bus holdings a year, while new energy buses have about 200,000, with penetration rates of about 30 per cent.
Figure 38: Infiltration rates in the area of road buses  New energy bus policies are more dependent, subsidy downsides are trends, new energy buses or gradual expansion. The new round of new energy vehicle subsidies, jointly issued by the four ministries in 2015, sets out new energy opportunities for the next five years
Among them, the subsidy rate for 2017-2018 is based on 2016, while the energy bus state has fallen significantly over the last year, while local subsidies cannot exceed 50% of the central subsidy. Given the extent of the subsidy adjustment, the government is more inclined to support large buses.
In terms of pure electric vehicles of 10 to 12 metres, in 2016 the maximum subsidy was 1 million (by 1:1) and in terms of 8 to 10 metres (by 1:1) the maximum subsidy was 800,000 (by 1:1) in 2016, and in 2017 the maximum subsidy was 300,000 yuan (by 62.5 per cent);
(b) In the case of plugged-in hybrid passenger vehicles, in the case of the maximum subsidy of 500,000 (by 1:1) in 2016, up to $135,000 in 2017, a decrease of 73 per cent;
In 2017, the subsidy fell by 55%.  In 2017, the new energy passenger vehicle began to warm up in the third quarter, with a six-month pressure on it. In the first half of the year, the sales of new energy passenger vehicles were generally poor, owing to factors such as the downside of the subsidy and the re-examination of the promotion catalogue.
With the roll-out of the promotional catalogue and the end of the upstream and downstream negotiations in the industrial chain, the new energy bus is expected to return to heat in the second half of the year. According to the energy-saving network data, sales of 2017q1, q2 and q3 grew at a rate of 71%, and figure 41: overall pressure on the new energy bus in 2017.
Eighteen years of subsidies or readjustments, technical standards are raised or the main route. In recent times, according to the wire transfer network, 20% of the next year's state retrenchment slopes have been largely determined and the relevant documents have been reported. To date, there has been no official feedback on the authenticity of the information.
Competitiveness is not conducive to the healthy development of the industry, and the current state of rapid growth in battery technology provides a policy of subsidies that rely more on technological indicators, or is more realistic, would eliminate enterprises that rely too much on subsidies for their survival, stimulate high-technology enterprises and promote the virtuous development of new energy vehicles.
If the government adopts an integrated adjustment to upgrade technical standards and lower subsidy levels, it is expected that the leading firms will benefit from this year’s technological threshold increase, taking into account the fact that this year’s increase is likely to increase the gap between the benefits of subsidies for companies.
At the same time, the technological threshold has been raised, widening the gap between firms’ access to subsidies, and technologically leading firms will have a greater competitive advantage, and leading firms will be expected to be more powerful.
For example, the difference in subsidies for two passenger vehicles with the same unit load energy consumption is mainly due to the extension mileage, and the maximum difference is only $80,000. According to the 2017 subsidy rate, the maximum difference is more than $100,000.
The sale of new energy buses is still much influenced by the policy of subsidies. In light of the 16-year-old production of new energy buses, four-quarter sales are expected to be looted.
Officially confirmed, but with the expectation of a fall in subsidies, the four quarters of 17 years, or a reloading, will see the four-quarter sales of new energy buses.  18 years of new energy bus sales are expected to continue to recover.
In 18 years, with a sharp decline in subsidies for 17 years and a further decline in electricity costs, the overall volume and profitability of the industry is expected to recover. And, if 18 years of subsidy standards rise, the industry will be more concentrated, technologically, and ahead of the curve.
The 3.2 company’s share of new energy vehicles continues to rise, and this year it is expected to reach 30% of new energy buses burst, and the sales of pure electric buses are growing rapidly. It benefits from the fires in the new energy bus market.
The company ' s sales of new energy buses grew rapidly, reaching 26856 in 2016, and 97% in 2012-2016. By way of structure, the share of pure electric buses was higher in 2016, at about 80%.
Figure 46: The company’s annual sales of new energy passenger cars have led the company to a new energy bus. At this stage, the new energy bus sector, in addition to the traditional mainstream bus manufacturers, has introduced new entrants to battery technology, including Biadi and Silver Dragon.
The bus is an absolute leader in the area of new energy buses, with a share of about 25 per cent of new energy buses in 2016. We believe that, with the push to combat scavenging and the gradual decline in subsidies, the new energy bus industry is expected to concentrate even further, and the company as a new energy bus is expected to be strong and strong.
Technology: Early in the field of new energy, technologically leading the country. Early in 1999, companies developed the first pure electric bus and the first hybrid bus. After many years of sedimentation,
The company has developed a well-developed research and development system, with the largest new energy bus research team in the country, and a number of key technological innovations in the area of energy conservation and new energy passenger vehicles, which have reached the country in terms of whole vehicle energy conservation and control, high voltage-segregated power switching, high-density power-drive control technologies.
The energy intensity of new energy buses is in the forefront of the industry. According to our list of 1-7 new energy promotions, the energy intensity of pure electric buses is higher than 130wh/kg.
More than 50% of the vehicles are above the industry level of about 30%, and the energy density of the bus is also at the industry's leading level compared to other mainstream bus factories.
Car controllers, electrical controllers, and composite power controllers are at the core to achieve safer and more energy-efficient energy through motorization and intelligence. Wisdom is now widely used in new energy passenger cars such as company hybrid power, plug-in power mix, and pure electric power.
▪ In a power-driven vehicle with a mix of power and power-infused motors, the smart-control technology is driven by a power-driven engine and the engine-driven vehicle by matching the best power mix, making the vehicle engine shorter and more efficient, thus making it more efficient.
In the area of pure electric bus collars, the smart control technology combines electrodynamic and intellectual. In the field of electrodynamics, the smart control technology combines electrodynamic and intellectual.
It's enough to drive electric motorization, to switch to electric motorization, to cool it down, to brake electric motorization, and to be intelligent in terms of smartness, which allows smart battery management, smart energy management, digitization of vehicles and intelligence, automatic charging and intelligence.
Operations: Business scenes are rich, meeting operational needs in different contexts — urban planning, geographic environment, etc. — are very different for new energy buses. Companies have a corresponding business model for different cities.
And products that ensure that new energy buses can operate optimally in different operating environments. Suppliers: Three power supply is stable, leading domestic suppliers are stable, leading domestic suppliers are stable, and leading domestic manufacturers of spare parts. Battery, electric power, and power control are new energy sources.
The most important components of the automobile, the company, have built a stable partnership with upstream suppliers over many years of accumulation. The integrated power plant controllers, electric machines, super capacitors, and power cell systems are all associated with the industry in catl; there are many power suppliers, mostly non-listed companies, such as Suzhou Lango; and whole-car control.
With the rapid growth of new-energy buses, the sales of new-energy buses have steadily increased, from 3.5% in 2012 to 2016.
37.8%, however, compared to the penetration rate of new energy buses in the industry’s annual sales, there is still a significant increase in companies, leading by strong players, and a steady increase in the share of new energy buses in the market. With the phasing out of subsidies, the gradual increase in technology requirements, and the gradual erosion of local protection, new energy buses compete more in the industry.
Figure 58: The company’s new energy bus market is expected to increase steadily 4. The company’s performance reverses in the second half of the year, with a better outlook next year.
The overall sales performance declined as a result of the drag on new energy buses. The overall performance of new energy passenger vehicles in the first half of the year, as a result of such factors as the fall in subsidies and the re-examination of the promotional catalogues, fell in the first half of 2017, both in terms of public sales and performance.
• The second half of the year is expected to warm up gradually, looking at 18 years of new energy bus sales. With the rollout of the catalogue and the end of the upstream and downstream negotiations in the industrial chain, three quarters of the new energy bus is expected to warm back, and four quarters of the production is expected to warm back, with the subsidy adjustment expected.
Source bus sales, which are only about 14 per cent, are expected to reach 38 per cent in the second half of the year, and the rise in the share of new energy sources, which will help the company to warm up its performance. With 18 years of digestion of the industry’s 17-year subsidy, and the expected recovery of the 19-year subsidy backside, sales are expected to recover, and technical standards are being advanced.
The Māori rate remained stable in the first three quarters of 2017, which was almost the same as last year, for the following main reasons:
As a result of the increase in the share of new energy buses, the value of bicycles in the third quarter of 2017 was $46.07 million, an increase of 1 per cent in the same year, and the profit of bicycles was $46.1 million, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2017, when the volume of sales fell, raw material stocks increased by 350 million yuan, compared to last year’s.
We believe that the company’s Māori rate is expected to remain stable for 17 years, based on structural adjustment, lower battery costs, raw material reserves, etc. In the medium term, the company’s new energy passenger vehicle gross is expected to remain stable.
Interest rates are largely influenced by the cost of batteries. Given the general downward trend in the price of batteries, the company Māori 5, the low valuation, the fundamental face facing up point, and when the layout is right, the low valuation: from the valuation point of view, compared to the industry competitor, the Uyghurbus, whether 207pe
Pe(ttm) are low in the industry and are low-valued.  New energy passenger vehicles are sold below expectations.  Subsidized policy adjustment risks.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment. Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.