15 November 2023, the company issued an announcement on 14 November 2023 to introduce an employee holding scheme and equity incentives.
Staff Holdings: Inclusive policies that stimulate the productivity of employees. 1 target: not more than 2747 persons, \triangleright) representing 5.2% of the total share of the employee holding scheme, and 2734 other proposed employees, subscriptions
All the shares purchased on 7 days were 42.2 million shares, representing about 0.16 per cent of the company's current stock stock, with an average return price. Qiuzu's net profit of 17.1 billion yuan for non-return to the mother and $15.2 billion for 2023q1-q3 for non-return to the mother.
The difficulty of completion is relatively low; (2) the performance appraisal of the holders in 2024 (b) and above. Quanqing Equity Incentives: additional incentives for core managers to match high-end talent and pursue high-quality development.
\triangleright target: 13 persons, including executive directors and executive directors of the company. 2 Stock & Prices: Incentive Scheme: 42 million shares, or 0.16% of the total equity stock of the company.
Performance appraisalsb and above. Cost implications of 4 shares: assuming November 2023, the date of award would require a report on the dynamics of the mine (601899.sh): the development of the highland mines is maturing with a coded Tibetan copper resource - 2023/08/2
The semi-annual report for 2023 (601899.sh) foresees the continued expansion of three major copper mining clusters and the creation of new growth curves in strategic titanium metal plates.
Declares that the performance is slightly lower than expected and expects the copper gold lithium to continue to be placed The copper plate, timok+bor, Kamoa, dragons, three world-class copper mining clusters 2023-2025 averages 2023/07/09
It will continue to contribute to this increase; gold plates, multi-projected convergences, marine gold mines, rosebel, and Savayalton, which will buy a new increase in gold production and continue to grow. Strategic metal plates, with high-quality lithium in the hands of the "two lakes one" mine, will be rated: q1 performance meets expectations, and mining giants will continue to grow.
The investment proposal is that the company's copper gold production will continue to grow, and the lithium molybdenum project will create a new growth curve. We expect to \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.