The Bogra gold mine will be restarted and the company's gold production will continue to grow.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn gold mine has recently achieved all the preconditions required for full resumption and will be available at $10505230001
▪ Pogra gold mine, which ceased production in 2020 due to the expiration of mining rights, is located in Papua New Guinea (south tropical region of 160 metric tons in northern Australia) and is a world class shallow hydrothermal gold mine maintained
The resource reserves are relatively high. The Powgra gold mine has been in operation since its inception in 1990 and has accumulated 18.81 million ounces of gold (or 585 tons) in 2014. In 2015, the Purple gold mine, at $298 million, obtained the Powgra gold mine from Barick.
47.5% of the interest. Each of the parties has a 50% share interest in a joint venture, bnl, which holds 95% interest in the Powgra gold mine. The Powgra gold mine has a larger contribution of gold production during its production, which in 2016 was 7.47 tons or more of the gold produced by the company.
The decision to extend mining rights was taken when production expired in August. On 24 April 2020, the new government decided not to approve the extension of special mining rights for the Powgra gold mine, which was at a time when the company was shut down.
After that, bnl and the new government and landowners, in the case of the mine month, bnl received a special mining lease from the new government, clearing the way for the resumption of production of the Powgragin mine.
Gold production will be further raised when the Borgla gold mine returns to the countdown.
The Borgla gold mine is due to be officially reactivated on December 22, 2023.
Rehabilitation of production systems, such as mining and mining, and the recovery of the Powgra gold mine from post-partum phase I,3 " Purple gold mining " (601899): performance ring " Whole gold is expected to produce in the first quarter of 2024.
In the postnatal period, the company and Baric Gold are still in charge of mining operations at the new joint venture in Ba’a. According to bnl’s latest plan, the Bogra gold mine retains the amount of gold.
417 tons, the mine is expected to produce an average of 21 tons of gold per year and the remaining life of the mine exceeds 20 years after rebirth and post-partum.
Bnl holds a 50% share; bnl holds a 49% share in Powgra Gold Project, and PJC holds 51% interest in the project.
The production of about 5 tons will significantly increase the company ' s gold production and bring ownership to the company, as well as the company ' s 2021 announcement, which on 9 April 2021 bnl signed a framework agreement with the government of PNG for economic gains over the lifetime of the Powgra gold mine.
The percentage was agreed, with 53 per cent for PNG and 47 per cent for bnl, and the share of PNG related parties was calculated on the basis of cash flow distribution, both for projects, after-tax dividends for companies, and for government taxes that the project company should have paid prior to the tax
And so on. That means that the PNG parties will earn most of their share of the economic proceeds from the pre-tax revenues of the project company, and that the PNG parties will tax the project company, and the profit distribution will decrease, and the post-tax profit ratio will be distributed by the PNG parties.
The profit forecast is slightly lower than in the previous period, mainly because of exchange rate factors, which led to unexpected increases in the cost of company copper or gold ore. We expect the cost increase to be short-term.
Impact, expected subsequent decline, and the company ' s copper gold volume will continue to grow at a high rate, so we expect that the company ' s performance will continue to grow, maintaining the risk of significant price reductions for “buy-in” 1 products; 2) copper expansion and reptiles below expectations; 3) gold mine expansion
(b) The rate of increase in costs due to exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.