Computer-based new computer software iiii has improved overall operations in the second quarter, leading companies in the country have improved overall performance in the second quarter of the year. Corporate revenues have declined slightly in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the company’s performance.
Formerly R & D inputs and market adjustments in areas such as 'ai, adding external environmental factors such as the epidemic, which caused periodic difficulties in the supply of products and marketing in the first quarter of this year, have significantly affected the growth of corporate incomes in the first quarter. Meanwhile, in the face of historical opportunities for the development of the artificial intelligence industry, companies have continued to increase their awareness of common artificial intelligence.
The strategic input of the model has led to a greater impact on profits in the current period. In the first quarter of the year, the company's business has improved significantly, with positive growth in income, Maori, cash flows, net return profits, net net profits, positive cash flows, and a marked improvement in the efficiency of business in the second quarter as compared to the first quarter when R & D inputs are maintained.
In December 2022, following the launch of Chatgpt, the science majors launched a special attack on "1+n CAI technology and applications" and on May 6, 2023, they released the Big Star Fire Awareness Model (V1.0), with technology levels in measurable countries.
Inner models are in the forefront of industry; on June 9, upgrade of the Big Star Fire Awareness Model v1.5 version, open question-and-answer version, which achieved a breakthrough in code capabilities and multi-model interactive capabilities; and it is expected that on October 24, the Great Star Fire Model will be launched.
At present, companies have introduced the corresponding ai applications in priority sectors such as education, health care, smart cities, and the intellectual transformation of businesses.
In May-June 2023, the company ' s c-hardware gmv was record-high, doubling the same ratio. In May and June, for example, the model was replaced by a model with a learning machine.
gmv grew by 136% and 217% respectively over the same period: Tsai hardware (ai learning, ai office, ai health) increased sales by 125% over the same period of “618.”  Investment proposal: companies, as head producers in the country, cover more than education, operators, finance, cars, etc.
At the same time, the beneficiary's industrial intelligence is high, and the company's performance is expected to continue to improve. We predict the company's first, the profit forecast core assumptions, and in the context of the i-industry wave, the company has launched the "1+n" architecture of the Big Star Awareness Model, which provides education, the ability of the science community to fly.
Application of products in a variety of areas, such as office, smart cabin, industry, and so on, has increased the value of the company's major c-end hardware products, and in the future it will enter into 1.) The educational business “two-way-down” policy has accelerated educational intelligence and has generated growth momentum for the company, while at the same time it has launched starfire 2) Smart cities: government digitalization has accelerated, combined with the Big Star Fire Awareness Model technology, and corporate intelligent cities have been built further
Expanding and continuously innovating applications in such industries as smart water, smart parks, water. Open platforms and consumers: 23-25 years of income, 50.32, 58.52, 3) open platforms and consumers: the platform has entered into cooperative intentions with more than 6,000 clients, and the future open platform ecology will be further improved under the Big Star model.
The company ' s sales of smart office pens, translator machines, audio pens, etc. will increase steadily. It is expected that 4) operators: voice-type applications will be over-extended, with monthly user activity and a rising value of arpu, the company 5) smart cars: corporate intelligence interactive products will cover mainstream cars and will gradually expand their cooperation with overseas car companies.
6) Smart medicine: the company consists mainly of intellectual assistants, i-patient management, i-moral management, smart health insurance, c-health hardware, and the continuous catalyticization of policies such as the health care system, the elements of digital village development work, and, with large modeling, corporate 7) smart finance: the company officially publishes the Starfire smart customer service solution and actively explores financial marketing, center stage, sealing, etc.
We have selected as comparable the following companies, i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.a., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.a., i.a., i.a., i.a., i.a.a., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e., i., i., i., i.e.e., i., i., i.e.e.e.