The company is expected to meet the scale realization dividend, released by the Starfleet 2.0.
With the launch of the i-regulation approach, the company is expected to move into a commercial realization dividend period. We maintain a profit forecast, and we expect to maintain a profit projection.
• The company released version V2.0 of the Greater Awareness Model of the Star Wars, with significant improvements in capabilities (1) All capabilities are significantly enhanced, and third-party plugs are open.
60% and 72% are open to third-party plug-in markets. (2) Upgrade code capabilities, python capabilities are close to chhatgpt.
On October 24, other code capabilities are expected to go beyond chhatgpt, with gpt-4 markers in the first half of 2024. At the same time, the company has launched an intelligent programming assistant for developers, iflycode 1.0, which can be integrated into the Ide development environment in the form of a plugin, with an internal validation rate of 38% code adoption, code efficiency, and combined efficiency.
Increases 30% to 15%. (3) Upgrades multi-model capabilities, and introduces products such as "Small Fire" 2.0. Multi-module capabilities v2.0 include image description, image understanding, image reasoning, etc. Based on multi-module capabilities, companies introduce "Small Fire" 2.0 (Video Analysis, Ai Master), "Starfire" 2.0, "Starfire"
A teacher's assistant, etc. (4) Unilever supports the privatization of the deployments by issuing the Quest Fire. Starburst I has a 2.5pfp16 smart algorithm that supports training and reasoning, 13 billion, 65 billion, and 17.5 billion-sized models that support the opening of more than a dozen scenes.
"The value of the big one model continues to be validated and the regulatory approach to commercial realization begins, and the company is expected to move into a large-scale commercial realization dividend period.
The Interim Measures for the Management of Generated Artificial Intelligence Services, which began on August 15, mark the beginning of the i-industry, and the large model is about to enter the commercial phase of scale.
To promote a high-quality sale, end-b also actively explores a variety of business models, such as privatization deployments, subscriptions, etc., and the value of the Large Landfall — Corporate Information Update Report (CIR) model continues to be validated.
Now that we've made a breakthrough, the application landscape will be broadened further, and the company is expected to move into a phase of large-scale commercial realization dividend.