Company review report  The computer industry q2 has improved the ring comparison, the starfire model is energy-efficient, 002230.sz)
Wu Xiaoqing achieved a net profit of $304 million from non-repatriation, a decrease of 208.99% from the same year. o2 performance loops improved. The company's operations in the second quarter reversed a quarter of a year's disadvantage.
Quarterly revenues of $4,954 million, representing an increase of 9.68 per cent and 71.56 per cent over the same period in the previous year; Māori revenues of $1,938 million, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year; ring growth.
The company, on its own control, has moved out of a phase-by-stage impact, with a single quarter of q2 running out of more than $100 million in net profits and net cash flows from business activities, with a positive increase in revenue, Māori and performance, with a massive increase in research and development inputs from the "Small Fire Awareness Model"
There has been a marked improvement and a return to a virtuous development path. The relative depth of 300 performances is well regulated, and research and development inputs continue to grow.
Billion dollars, though lower than sales and administration costs, are higher in absolute terms than in absolute terms, 57,779 million more than in the first three costs. The current increase in the company’s cost rate in the first half of the year is more due to the corporate focus model, and the overall cost is well managed.
The big model is new, the c-end product gmv has doubled, and the developers of the open platform have developed ecological forces.
Large model v1.5, with breakthroughs in open question-and-answer, logical reasoning, mathematics, multi-wheel dialogue, etc., is widely recognized by users. The Big Star model upgrades the c-end hardware experience and upgrades attachments through e-learning machines, office books, audio pens, etc.
Add value and core competitiveness. In May-June of this year, the C.S.S.C. has a history of hardware gmv.
The Great Starfire model is about to be released, with high-quality growth over the year 30 days, with the number of developers of the Open Platform increasing by almost 45% in the past year, at 4.974,000 (3.43 million over the same period). Of this, the number of developers increased in two months following the launch of the Big Star Awareness Model.
The artificial intelligence industry “National Team”, “1+n Cognitive Smart Large Model Technology” and the Big Model 2.0. The company, as the “National Team” for the artificial intelligence industry, is constantly investing in large artificial intelligence research and development, and is committed to using artificial intelligence to solve major life-saving problems in social development.
On August 9, China’s telecommunications and Quest signed a strategic cooperation agreement between China and China.
Market demand will guide the development of internationally influential services and products. A version of the Great Star Fire Awareness Model (V2.0) will be released shortly on 15th, which will break through code capabilities and multi-model interactions, while the 24th October model will achieve the goal of chhatgpt.
In the first half of the year, companies grew by more than one quarter in education, and in the second quarter. A virtuous interaction between source technological innovation and industrial applications has been achieved, with results in the growing scale of applications.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with due diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
You have a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology companies.