The two-quarter revenue is rising at a good rate, and the big model is fast-tracking.
● A.S.A., maintaining the "buy-in" rating, and the company's semi-annual performance forecast for 2023, with revenue rising at a good pace in the second quarter, and a high-quality endogenous growth momentum unchanged. There has been positive progress in the application of the Big Star Model, and the speed with which the big model falls is expected. We maintain the profitability.
• The second quarter has seen a positive growth rate, with both domestic and high-quality growth engines growing in both directions, and domestic and high-quality growth engines. The decline in corporate profits is largely due to increased core, technological autonomy, and input from a larger model of common artificial intelligence.
On May 6, the company officially released a large satellite fire awareness model, as well as a large model infrastructure service available to the public through the open platform, and is now making positive progress in the application of both end-c and end-b.
Models have been set up in ai learning machines (writing, speech learning), televised (one key in writing), and office space (automatic text summary) and have contributed to a rapid increase in product revenues, May 6, 2023.
In January, the company ' s c-side hardware gmv was at an all-time high, with a doubling of the same ratio; at the end of the month, the company, in a strong association with China ' s Start-Up - Corporate Information Update report, 2023.5.7 Large-scale models of autonomous controlled industries that support the privatization deployment of priority industries, are now numerous.
Large Models are about to be released in preparation for a new round of the ai wave, and industry heads are about to come up with a new boost for applications in education, medicine, finance, smart cities, etc. On August 15, the company's Big Star model is about to be scaled up, code capabilities and multimodels.
"chatgpt continues to warm up, companies are growing up and there's a breakthrough in applications, applications to industry customers are expected to accelerate, and business is expected to be on the ground.