The value of the big one model continues to be validated, and the commercial transformation is worth looking forward to.
• A.S.A., maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The company issued its semi-annual report in 2023, with good business indicators for the second quarter, and the built-in high-quality growth engine unchanged.
• The built-in high-quality growth drive remains unchanged, and the second quarter returns are positive: (1) the growth momentum within the company remains unchanged. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved $7,842 million in revenue, and in the second quarter, the net return of the company to its parent, the withholding of non-net profits, the cash flow were positive, and the growth momentum was not positive.
(ii) R & D inputs and credit impairments delay profit growth. Corporate R & D rates increased by 1.41 percentage points in the first half of the year compared to the same year, and companies increased their strategic investment in core technology clearances and large models to further strengthen the solid base, mainly as a result of the company ' s prudent bad debt recovery policy, which increased the level of bad debt preparation.
See, corporate sales return of $3.836 billion, $348 million, net operating cash flow of $140 million, $575 million, positive returns. The big model value continues to be validated, and business is now expected.
The Interim Measures for the Management of Generated Artificial Intelligence Services will be implemented on August 15th, while the company's starfires, the second quarter's revenue increases are good, the big models accelerate, the big models are about to hit a heavy-pound upgrade, breakthroughs in code capabilities and multi-model applications, the big model businesses.
On the one hand, the big one model has been applied to a variety of products, such as a learner, a sounding, a copy of the office, and has contributed to a high volume of sales and a continuous validation of the value of the product; (2) 2b
On the one hand, the company, which supports the privatization of priority industries and deploys large self-controlled industry models, has reached out to a large number of industry heads, and on the other hand, the company ' s open platform will be paid on call.
Large Models are about to be released and realized in a variety of ways, such as a new wave of ai, application of cooperative sharing, flow sharing and subscription fees, and are expected to be realized in the second half of the year.