q2 marginal improvement, waiting for a new growth of the Big Star model - report of the event review of the company 002230.sz
Rancy@cfsc.com.cn q2 single-quarter revenue improvement, net profits held back by R & D inputs Company q2 reversed the negative performance decline of q1 in the first quarter and expected to achieve the camp
Revenue from the industry was about $4.9 billion, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same period the previous year, around 60 per cent over the ring, more than $100 million in net cash flows from operating activities, more than $550 million over the same period of the previous year, and improved revenue collection, Maori and cash flows.
However, the q2 quarter net return profit of $113-138 million, a decrease of 17-31 per cent from the same period, was mainly due to firm corporate pressure on America's limits and the active capture of generic manpower while core technological autonomy and industry chain control were in place.
A new opportunity in the history of intelligence, increased development of a universal model of artificial intelligence cognitive intelligence, and the creation of a larger model of star fire to enable existing operations, with a future commercial perspective, were launched on May 6, 2023, with the launch of the "1+n model of cognitive intelligence."
), currently equipped with the company's existing business: 1) The big model has been providing essay support in Chinese and English, learning in Chinese and English, and hearing the news for a period of May-June, when the company's c-hardware gmv was at an all-time high, with a doubling of the ratio.
1. Science and Technology (002230): The Universal Model opens up a new space for a new round of opportunities for treatment, automobiles, smart cities, finance, operators, etc.
For example, in the field of education, where there is a combination of training and education, the medical field gives each doctor a stronger ai clinic assistant. As the Starfire model is upgraded, the future commercialization process is expected to accelerate: strong linkages between companies and China, and so on.
Convergence, combined efforts to build a broad-based, fully-based, national production-based model of self-controlled industries, currently oriented towards the privatization of priority industries, has reached a cooperative intent with a wide range of industry head-head clients, and through the "Stoll Fire Awareness"
Large model + open platform, the company provides technology to thousands of industry developers, enabling, programming, running games, business operations, entrepreneurship support, etc. Multi-dimensional resources, joining industry leaders and thousands of industry partners to build artificial intelligence stars.
As of 30 June 2023, the number of developers of the open platform was 4.74 million (3.43 million in the same period last year), an increase of 45% in the past year. Of this, the number of developers increased by 850,000 in two months following the release of the Big Star Awareness Model.
Home. Large models can be commercialized and help companies grow again.
Research on core techniques of artificial intelligence, such as learning reasoning and self-learning, actively promotes the development of artificial intelligence products and industrial applications, science and technology flying as the “National Team for Artificial Intelligence and Industry”, with a clear competitive advantage: 1) the company is the only undertaking in the country.
Businesses that build key laboratories for cognitive intelligence at the national level have the advantage of platform resources at the national level; 2) Under pressure from the limits of the United States, the core technology research and product development platform is moving towards full ownership, and the corporate model is based on autonomous innovation.
(c) Long-term solid accumulation and formation of industry top research and development teams;
Lead: 5) A rich industry application landscape and advantages of hardware and software integration: Communicating a rich application landscape in cognitive intelligence (e.g. teaching and personalized learning in the education sector, artificial intelligence support in the medical sector, City of Wisdom)
The company’s competitive advantage is clear, and will benefit fully from the next wave of artificial intelligence.
We appreciate the development opportunities offered by artificial intelligence and the company's market in the industry.
The areas of expertise include cloud computing, network security, and artificial intelligence.
Ren Chunyang: Master ' s degree in economics, 6 years ' experience in the securities industry, November 2021, joined by Hsiao Hua Chi: Master of Arts, National University of Australia. Zhou Wenlong: Master of Finance, University of Monash, Australia
Zhang Min: Qinghua University Professor of Science reflects his research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the suggestions or observations made in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.