On August 11, 2023, the company announced its 2023-h1 performance: Battalion 2023h1 and on August 15, the company held a major upgrade of the satellite fire awareness model.
The conference, the launch of the "Small Fire Awareness Model v2.0." The spread and spring holidays led to delays in the delivery of some of the projects in q1 and the further scaling up of major model development inputs by United States entities, q2 to reverse the macro-deficit situation.
The revenue was 4,954 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.68 per cent, Māori 1.938 billion yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent, and net operating cash flows of 140 million yuan, representing an increase of $574 million, or 132 per cent, over the same period last year.
Businesses such as ai+education/medical/office are well developed, and b+c ends speed up the commercialization of the ai. Downstream client structure, gbc three-end structure is adjusted, g end income is down, but bc ends remain good and risk resistance is further enhanced. Sub-operations: 1) education operations
Revenues of 2,285 million yuan, an increase of 3.96 per cent over the same period, were mainly the result of the development of the educational landscape, the expansion of the provincial industry, the maintenance of the platform ' s market share, and the implementation of the Great Starfire model by the learning machine.
This represents an increase of 136 per cent, 217 per cent. 2) Open platforms and consumer business revenue of 2,423 million yuan, and an increase of 1,585 million dollars, or 17.7 per cent, on the same day.
Summary of meetings: In terms of internationalization, the sales of the first half of the aircraft increased by 600 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and in the context of the 618 major electric power campaign, the market share was above 80 per cent for the first seven consecutive years of the Tokyo/Kyoto dual platform translation. For the developers, as of the first half of the year, the news was available in the first half of the year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. Flight Smart Open Platform has brought together 49.74 million developers, an increase of 45 per cent over the past year, and future cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing, will gradually pay for the transfer of the big model, the sharing of services, the sharing of traffic, etc. In the first half of the year, there was a 56 per cent increase in hospital end-of-end revenues, with mental health assistants covering 408 counties across the country, end of c.
On August 12th, the company, the company, started to focus its resources on the development of the Big Star model.
Adjustment of the performance appraisal indicators for equity incentives published in 2021, 1) based on technological advances in large models, implementation of large model training and reasoning based on national production numeracy platforms, performance against indicator chhatgpt3.5 (exceeding Chinese and equivalent English). 2) 2023
Incentive targets are more prescriptive, enabling greater retention of talent, more incentives, more binding power, and the creation of long-term value for shareholders by taking advantage of the important opportunities that arise in the big model industry. Starfire is a clear strategic plan for the big model, and on August 15, the company released its Big Fire model awareness v2.0,
Code capability, multi-model capability breakthroughs, the launch of a self-controllable Starworks machine in collaboration with Starlight and China for depth, in addition to the further commercial landings of the Big Star Awareness Model in the fields of education, office, etc. — Starlight Companion 2.0, Starfire Teacher's Assistant and Ai Learn.
On 24th of December, the universal model hitchgpt 3.5, reaching the same level of water as the Chinese and English versions. The science majors insisted on the “platform+track” strategy, and, in the midst of the agi wave of large models, the Great Starfire model is expected to drive business development in the next half of the year, leading to an upgrading of commercialization.
\triangleright, not 130x/95x/74x.
Use the scene to provide technology, products and solutions through ai+education, ai+office, ai+medical care, ai+smart city, ai+car, with a higher profile in speech and semantics, and with higher barriers in downstream applications such as intellectual education to maintain the “buy-in” evaluation
Risk factors: Business advance less than expected: Risk of increased competition in the industry: a technological advance less \triangleright Bachelor of Science.
The University of Post and Telecommunications has a bachelor's degree in computers, who worked in telecommunications for three years in the first market, five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, etc.) and owners.
White Yunhan, a member of the Sinda Securities Media Internet and overseas team. Master of Financial Sciences, University of Connecticut, United States, worked at the University of Tsing School Enterprise to map the coverage of a share-port unit.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.