On 9 July 2020, the company issued a plan for the allocation of shares to all shares at a ratio of no more than 3 shares per 10 shares.
East side sale, raising no more than RMB 20 billion (inclusive), all of which, after deducting the relevant distribution costs, will be used to supplement the core stock exchange price, which will be more attractive to shareholders and will be at a price of roughly less than one pb times the price of the previous bank refinancing price, which will be a breakthrough over the hidden threshold of the previous bank refinancing price.
In the context of market warming and valuation restoration, the Unit will give former shareholders the opportunity to purchase shares of the company at a low price and to spread costs, which will be more attractive to former shareholders, compared with the trend of 300 depths.
Deregulation of the regulatory threshold, stock-sharing, the need for core capital, the external nature of banks to supplement core-level capital only in the form of stock-holdings, fixed increases, and the issuance of debt swaps. Of these, the time taken to complete the conversion is not fixed, usually one year, three to four years, and it is difficult to make up for the company quickly and efficiently.
For example, Jiangsu Bank issued $20 billion in debt swaps in March 2019, and, as of 2020, Jiangsu Bank, with no controlling shareholder and no real controlling person, only strategic investors with strategic synergies with listed companies can lock out the prices, with a higher entry threshold and a fixed increase.
In this case, the advantages of equity financing that effectively complements the core level of capital and does not involve additional shareholders are highlighted and the need to address capital shortages at the core level is addressed. > Corporate fundamentals are good, with core level capital shortages being the main development bottleneck. >
Net profits grew by 12.85% in the same year, ranking among the leading banks on the list; the cumulative annualized roa and accumulated annualized weighted roe grew by 4bp and 9bp, respectively. At the same time, the company’s asset quality improved steadily.
The net capital deficit at the core level has been a major constraint for companies for a long time. From 2017 to date, the capital adequacy rate at the core level of companies has been the highest at 8.67%. Total assets have slowed year-on-year as a result of capital constraints.
As the risk-weighted asset size remains constant, Jiangsu Bank (600,919): the income is growing rapidly, the assets are rising rapidly.
By the end of 202001, capital adequacy at the core level of the company would have helped the firm to break through the development bottlenecks and open up the growth space. Effectively replenish core-level capital to build up its capacity for scale expansion.
At the end of 202001, the firm’s sales at the equity ratio cap and fund-raising cap will promote three core-level capital, effectively increasing capital strength. The core-level capital of $20 billion is measured at 8.5% core-level capital adequacy, and there is room for further improvement, and we expect companies to move on to fast-track development once they move away from capital bottlenecks.
Short-term, small-scale profit indicators, limited impact on market liquidity Counted at the end of 2020q1, ttm cal. eps of 0.94 and bvps of 9.01, respectively, with smaller profit indicators. At the same time, we believe that the equity share has limited impact on market liquidity.
With 36.48 per cent of the top ten shareholders in the company with a central and local state-owned background, we expect shareholders in the state-owned background to contribute to the stock, to a certain extent by reducing the need for other shareholders to contribute to the market and to reduce the “blood-smoking” effect.
The impact is very limited; third, the market has gradually adapted to the one p0 generalization and has become more inclusive of large-scale financing; fourth, the market is sufficiently liquid to require a relatively small amount of money for this portfolio; companies are more profitable, asset quality continues to improve, retail operations have expanded rapidly, and the treasury subsidiary was approved at the end of 2019.
Building up will help raise the middle-income level, and future capital replenishment at the core level will provide a solid foundation for the expansion of the company’s size.
The opportunity to share shares, spread costs, is expected to boost the market mood. We predict that the company’s net profit increase from 2020 to 2022 will be less advanced than expected, and there will be fluctuations in the quality of its assets.
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.