Jiangsu Bank (600,919): smooth operations to cover the risks and maintain a smooth profit before making a provision: on August 14, Jiangsu Bank published its semi-annual report for 2020.
A 3.5 per cent increase in the same year: 25.6 billion. A 14.3 per cent increase in the same year: 13.54 per cent. A decline in the same year.
A new model for the reform of the human bank. The impact of the large-scale provision was made on 24 January 2007. The profit was 16.5 per cent higher than the previous year, with only 3 pct below q1. The only provincial area in Jiangsu province is now officially listed.
In the macroeconomic context, a stronger provision to provide sufficient room for follow-up risk remediation is a reflection of the soundness of the public sector’s operations. In the medium-term, profit-growth fluctuations or the need not to worry too much, we believe that, on the financial indicators, the pre-repreparation profit-growth and asset-quality-related indicators more reflect the company’s current operations.
At the end of June, the loan and interest rate went up by 3 bp. In the context of the loan interest rate, the loan rate did not fall backwards, and the main gains were made.
In recent years, the ratio of individual loans has risen steadily, with 1h20 loans accounting for 36.5%, with consumer and business loans accounting for almost half of the total. This year’s new crowning epidemic has slowed down consumption and lending.
At the end of June, the share of total assets on deposits rose to 67.6 per cent, mainly as a result of a cooperative approach in a loose liquidity environment Investment proposals: companies take root in the real economy and are positioned to serve small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).
As a result of the deep and retail transformation of corporate restructuring and the ongoing economic rehabilitation, firms are expected to achieve higher levels of roe than their counterparts. Net profits are expected to grow by 1.9%/3.4% in 2020/2011 and to look at the vast space in which companies serve the local economy.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s year-on-year growth in single-season performance Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s 1q20 and 1h20 performance split Table 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance split (cumulative year-on-year)
Figure 9: The assets quality indicators of Jiangsu Bank are relatively stable.
Figure 10:1h20 Jiangsu Bank has significantly increased its contribution by 10bp to 3.39% as compared to Ring Piti.
East financial and intellectual sources, Jiangsu Bank, 600919.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Company reports Jiangsu Bank (600919): smooth operations to cover the risks and maintain the profits until the provision is made.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.