The Bank of Jiangsu announced on July 9 that it would sell all a-share shares at a ratio of not more than 3 shares per 10 shares, and that it would raise no more than RMB 20 billion (including RMB 20 billion).
Regulation encourages refinancing by small and medium-sized banks, equity schemes are highly likely to be approved, financial institutions are encouraged to scale up their real-economy financing support in the event of an outbreak, banks are encouraged to maintain a steady increase in interest income by way of a supplementation, but on the other hand it will be added
The Bank of Jiangsu has a core capital adequacy rate of 8.51% at the end of the quarter, higher than the regulatory requirement (7.5%) by only 1 percentage point, and is at the lower level of listed banks. In addition to internal capital, banks can supplement core capital by stock-sharing, fixed increases, and debt-transferable.
In view of the impact of economic fluctuations and weak bank fundamentals, since February, the value of the bank plate has declined, and Jiangsu Bank is currently staticly valued at 0.69x. There may be time-consuming problems if capital is replenished through a fungible approach, and if the equity share share ratio is increased, and so, through
It is more timely to supplement the capital, and it will protect the stability of the equity structure and enhance the viability of the program. Recent regulatory pronouncements have supported the multi-channel replenishment of the capital fund by commercial banks, which we believe will help to raise the likelihood of approval of this package.
Replenishment of core capital to support sound business development. According to the scheme disclosed by Jiangsu Bank, the sum of 3.46 billion shares is to be raised if sold at a ratio of not more than 3 shares per 10 shares (based on 2020 q1)
The impact of the Sino-Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Corporation (Sino-Sino-Soldier International) has repeatedly led to a deterioration in asset quality beyond expectations.
On 9 July, Jiangsu Bank announced that it was to sell shares to all shareholders in a stock at a ratio of up to three shares per 10 shares, that the sum to be collected by the equity unit would not exceed 20 billion yuan yuan (including 20 billion yuan), and that the net amount of the funds to be collected by the equity would be used by the Ministry to supplement the core first-level capital of the company, after deduction of the related distribution costs.
Regulation encourages small and medium-sized banks to refinance, equity schemes to be approved, financial institutions to scale up their real-economy financing support in the event of an outbreak, and banks to sustain steady growth in interest income by making up for a price supplement, but on the other hand they will increase the consumption of capital money.
8.51% above regulatory requirements (7.5%) and at a low level of listed banks. In addition to inward capital replenishment, banks can supplement core capital by stock-sharing, fixed increases, and debt swaps.
In a time-consuming matter, if the equity share ratio of the shareholding component is to be increased, it would be more timely to supplement the capital through the equity allocation, and it would protect the stability of the equity structure and enhance the viability of the implementation of the program. Recent regulatory pronouncements in support of the multi-channel replenishment of the capital fund by commercial banks have helped to raise the likelihood of approval of this portfolio.
According to the scheme disclosed by Jiangsu Bank, if sales are made at a rate of not more than 3 shares per 10 shares (based on 2020 q1), the sum of shares sold does not exceed 3.46 billion shares and the proposed collection does not exceed 20 billion yuan yuan.
After the completion of this portfolio, we believe that it will help to boost the freedom of corporate assets and ensure stability in medium- and long-term profitability. The Jiangsu Bank’s first-quarter harvest, at a high base in 2019, was still 17.8% higher, showing excellent performance and growing at a similar rate.
This will be further consolidated, opening up space for asset-end expansion, which will help to maintain relative stability at the income end. We maintain the company ' s 2020/2011 epidemic, which has repeatedly led to a deterioration in asset quality beyond expectations. Banks are highly relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
The profit/loss statement (RM$1 billion) is based on the fact that the economy is expected to fall below expectations and the quality of the company’s assets is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting profitability.