Food and beverage shares (600887), consumption uplifts demand recovery and product structure optimization continues to be carried out by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Corporate stock prices have recently returned slightly, and we continue to appreciate the company’s long-term investment value. There is a strong demand for dairy products, with Eli acting as the leader of the industry, leading up consumption, leading to a recovery in the industry, a steady increase in corporate-market ownership and profitability, and maintaining recommendations.
According to Nelson, sales in the liquid milk sector increased by 6% in January-October 2017, by 2.7% in the last year, and demand recovered markedly, thanks to a gradual increase in the per capita consumption of milk in the country, which is now the annual average.
20kg, close to 10 per cent growth compared to 2015, but still far below that of developed countries; on the other hand, rising unit prices for products resulting from rising consumption have become an important driver of demand recovery, mainly as a result of higher urbanization rates along three or four lines and below, “after 80/90” becoming the dominant consumer force and attaining a reduction in per capita income.
The firm’s product structure continues to optimize to lead to higher consumption, and the city’s share is rising steadily. The current sub-sectors of yoghurt, high-end white milk are the main driving forces behind the growth of the liquid milk market, with Eli launching gold fairies, Ammush, and so on.
With three high-end high-end products, the sum of $14.5 billion in 2016 in Ammush, Gold and Light, the share of revenues from three products has risen from 12.7 per cent in 2014 to about 35.0 per cent, and is expected to rise in 2017 at a high-end where, as the structure of Eli ' s products continues to move upwards, the company ' s market share and profitability are expected to increase further in the future.
The long- and long-term strategic goal of Eli is to enter the top five of global dairy products and become a health food group of hundreds of millions by 2020, and will continue to work hard on dairy products and, on the other hand, to lock in the field of healthy foods and expand the industry through product innovation.
According to research information, the company will launch soy milk products in the course of the year, which is expected to become another single plant protein beverages after walnut milk. As Eli's product continues to innovate, real-profit predictions and investment proposals are made.
The recovery has been marked by a slightly higher than anticipated sale of the core products in three quarters as liquid milk taps, and therefore an upward profit forecast is that the company’s net return earnings for the period 2017-2019 will remain at a compound growth rate of 15.8 per cent.
Industry leaders are looking at large patterns (2017-09-18) (1) liquid milk: a recovery in liquid milk demand in 2017, slightly over-expected sales of company core products, which are expected to rise further in the future as the ratio of high-end products rises, and short-term exposure to the same rise in sugar and package prices.
(2) Milk powder: Benefiting from an increase in income from registered infant and child formulae and high-end products, no future milk is expected to receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.