The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Recreation Studies released new bean milk products, and the health strategy continues to move forward with the recent conference of the Ministry of Liquid Milk, which announced the launch of a two-year-long, elaborate soy milk product.
The product is now focused on the two tastes of raw and sesame, and it is expected that early next year we will be looking at the raw materials plus the fine works, with full insight into consumer needs: according to Erie's official public, soy milk contains more easily absorbable plant proteins, coupled with milk proteins, and more balanced nutrition than usual soy milk and soy milk.
Add a variety of ingredients, use uht techniques to prevent the production of soybean stench, and have a thicker taste. On the material side, Eli chooses the raw material from the soybean gold-producing areas of the black belt, matching it with black sesame and black beans.
Now zero cholesterol, zero trans-fat, full-scale oxygen-insight grinding, lifting traditional soybean milk to a single level, or triggering a new round of industrial change.
The market for soy milk has been nurtured, and Erie’s brand + channel has a clear advantage: according to Ewe, the size of soy milk is expected to reach 9 billion in 2017 and 10% in the last five years.
As a player, Vivi's share of the market for soy milk is now over 40%, but product definitions tend to be soft drinks, machine markets - Ely's Stock Exchanges. 2017.3.31 instead of healthy foods, Daryl introduced a natural and unincorporated “bean” product in April, injecting it into health.
The new concept of soybean milk, which benefits from high market fees, and the expected sale of supermarkets, is expected to pay back $1 billion. Compared to Vivi Dari, Ili's milk has a strong brand endorsement, while the existing dairy canal network works with soy milk, and the channel is easier to spread.
Once again into the big market for plant proteins, with thin hair; before Eli had developed walnut milk, and Monx had introduced walnut milk and bardan milk under the whitewave flag, but the spread of soybeans has fallen short of expectations. There is a broad consumer base in the country, and the success rate of soy milk in vegetable protein beverages is higher.
The White market as a whole is still in the process of being nurtured, and it is difficult for the market to put it in place. We believe that soy milk will be the first step in the construction of a healthy food pattern for Eli, which is of great strategic importance and provides the basis for the company’s long-term expansion.
Increased competition in the market: Eli has increased marketing efforts and other firms have followed up on hitchhikering.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment