Billion dollars, an increase of 13.51 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to parent owners of $4,937 million, an increase over the same period; increased marketing and advertising of new items, an increase of 12.74 per cent in sales costs over the same period; a significant recovery in turnover rates and receivables, and a decrease in turnover days; and a certain increase in total asset turnover rates.
According to the data website, sales of new products have been growing faster, both under-sub-sub-sub-entity retail outlets and electric-traded dairy products.
The momentum, especially the rapid increase in retail sales of liquid milk in urban and rural areas, has become a new engine of growth in the scale of dairy consumption. As the rise in foreign prices of primary milk has been transmitted and domestic regulations have become more stringent and price-deficient, small-scale enterprises have accelerated, the liquid milk industry has become more concentrated, and Eli has become the leader of the industry.
During the reporting period, the company continued to introduce new products and to upgrade them, innovatively improved packaging and tasted milk in Ammut Hee, and introduced new products such as joyday fermented milk, colossal ecstasy, ceremonial ice cream, Parisian cheese milk, gold crown-wise baby-friendly formula, and so on.
In addition to the traditional domestic preference for pulses, companies enter the market for vegetable protein beverages through new dates and bean milk products and are expected to rely on strong networks of channels and brand endorsements, capture a share of the market, and continue to drive corporate corporate ownership of product innovation.
As a leading company in the dairy industry, companies are well-run and well-developed, maintaining a cash score for many years, and are extremely valuable for long-term investment. Domestic consumers are increasingly demanding product diversification, with increasing emphasis on safety, health, and quality, and companies are responding positively to rising consumption trends.
Open-source Speculators, Inc., has been developed and promoted rapidly through a network of channels and star advocates that continue to sink. Foreign milk prices are warm and continue to be transmitted to the country, and Eli, with overseas milk distribution, can be effective through stock.
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, regulates the volatility of costs associated with large price increases and transfers them through a reduction in promotional behaviour downstream. This rise, coupled with tighter regulation, is expected to continue to capture small regional dairy companies in the county and rural markets.
Market share, with increased market concentration, the company’s leader is expected to be further consolidated. We see how the company’s ability to develop products as a leader in the domestic dairy industry, deep-down channels and marketing networks support the company’s future business.
Figure 1: The history of the shares of Ely, figure 2: The history of the shares of the shares of Ely, pb, who is either qualified for securities investment consultancy practice or has considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.