Daily food consumption, beverages and tobacco Liquefied milk is strong, cold drinks are over-expected, milk powder is accelerating up, a single-quarter income continues to grow at a high rate, and company sales and collections are now on a fast-growing path.
As well as factors such as real demand in the market and the widening gap in supply and demand, the revenue growth in the company ' s shares in the third quarter is actually higher than expected, with the plan expected to be completed over the year and the market expected to improve significantly.
In terms of big items, as of 30 September, the company ' s liquid milk had remained strong, and the pre-existing total equity/flow (millions of shares) was expected to have less pressure on the mission.
Better than market expectations. On the basis of a return to benign growth in cold drinks in the first half of the year, three quarters of Ily's shares (60887), a review of Ily's shares: a clear improvement, which has been largely completed throughout the year.
The growth rate of milk powder and dairy products is also rising further, with the national share of IRI (600887), reported in IRI 2017, but thanks to improved overall demand for liquid milk, cold drinks, milk powder, etc., the company sells throughout the year.
It is interesting to note that the company’s statements and the real market sales of the Ily shares (600887), which have been evaluated for the dynamics of the Ily shares:
Improved business loops, with cost pressures. Four quarters and next year, it is expected that the lack of milk supply will remain a constraint, and that supply will continue beyond demand.
Time, especially in the fourth quarter of this year, is temporarily not keeping up with supply, and as the weather cools, milk products will be more alternative to milk beverages, and even if the impact of the supply is reduced, there will be a supply and demand gap and the product structure will be further adjusted. Overall, four quarters of liquid milk.
Income growth is expected to be at the same rate as in the previous three quarters; and next year, taking into account factors such as four quarters of light tasks and spring delays, it is expected that the multi-year product will be more fully digested, and that the company will be expected to lightly put in place and maintain a better growth pace and rhythm throughout the year.
The increase in the price of packaged materials and the effective offsetting of the cost by adjusting the structure and controls resulted in a net profit over-expected net profit growth of 33.49 per cent and net profit growth of 37.59 per cent in the third quarter of a company alone, significantly exceeding previous market expectations.
There has been a decline, mainly due to higher prices for packaged materials and a small upward trend in raw materials. The company’s liquid milk cores do not currently directly raise the price of the plant, but with fewer promotional activities and forms of buying, their aggregate prices have increased, but only overall.
In spite of the decline in the Māori rate, in the broader context of rising consumption and improved competition patterns, companies actively adjust product structures and simultaneously control costs to effectively offset pressure on production costs.
As of September 30, high-end products in corporate liquid milk rose. The profit-based product ratio rose in the same form of promotion, which directly boosted the Māori rate; and, in the context of tight supply and improved competitive patterns, company costs.
In the month, the company’s main product is in short supply and has little marketing pressure. Thus, in addition to pre-planned spending, there is basically some regular marketing to maintain the partnership, with sales rates falling by 2.29 pct to 21.94%.
In addition to the additional costs of marketing, some of the administrative costs will be incurred during the critical period of market development, the expansion of networks and channels, the creation of a market base, the increase in sales staffing, etc., and the anticipated additional administrative costs of new stock development.
Quarterly management rates have improved by 1.53 pct over the year, largely as a result of growth in scale. This year, the market has continued to improve on corporate profitability expectations.
It's close, but it's all clearly better than market expectations. We analyse that the higher-than-expected net profits are mainly due to two factors: a significant increase in the share of first, high-end products and new products; and, secondly, a higher-than-expected improvement in costs. So, despite the increased pressure on production costs, the net profits of companies have increased.
It is now judged that the company’s income is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the fourth quarter, and that the cost of a lighter task is likely to improve even more. In the company’s advance payments in the previous three quarters, advertising sales increased considerably.
At this level, it is assumed that four quarters of net interest rates will be more secure. And, with the continued upward trend in product structure and the continued optimization of supply and demand patterns, next year’s company profits are expected to be better.
The company recently announced progress on participation in Australia’s MacGau Strategic Development Programme, because of the involvement and competition of local firms, the acquisition is not expected to go as far as expected. But what the outcome of the acquisition does not affect the core logic of the company’s growth.
In the first half of the rising cycle, the high growth of Eli's income, profits, which benefited from improved demand and improved costs; its central driver of sustainability is the continued expansion of the markets of the three or four-tier cities and towns, as well as the sinking of corporate channels and the continuous rise in market shares.
There are a number of ways and alternatives to the add-ons, and the MacGau project had previously been expected only to be a “flash-up,” and the market has taken full account of its uncertainty. At the same time, companies will continue to search for and develop suitable projects in the future, and it is expected that they will move on.
At the new level, companies are expected to move and progress on new beverages. If soy milk is put on the market well in the year, increasing the number of skus of beverage products to 4-5 by the summer of next year will complement income growth well, and higher levels of Maori will increase overall profitability.
Improved demand for dairy products and better competitive patterns are now well documented. As a leader in the industry, the Ely shares have a clear competitive advantage, market shares continue to rise, and revenue is expected to grow by more than two digits over the next two to three years; at the same time, by regulating structures and controlling costs, companies are profitable.
Corporate sales are now good, stock turnover is accelerating, and performance is consistently higher than expected. The downfall of channels and the intensive listing of new goods are also expected to sustain growth.
High performance growth, combined with a consistent follow-up of the market situation in the previous period, as well as fluctuations in the price of original milk for future company growth; deterioration of the marketing environment; food safety issues, etc.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.