Ely shares (600887.sh) Income profits maintained at a high rate of increase, leading shares increased Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
In the first three quarters of the year, IRI recorded a total of 52.47 billion yuan in gross operating income, compared with 13.6 per cent in the previous three quarters of the year, a net profit of 4.94 billion yuan in the same year and 12.5 per cent in the same period, q3 recorded a gross operating income of 18.98 billion yuan in the same quarter.
Revenue continues to grow at a high rate: after q2 achieved nearly 19% of income growth, 17q3 continued to rise at a high rate, and income-side recovery was confirmed again. Against the background of last year’s relatively high q3 base, and as a result of the double-dip cut-off of some products, 17q3 is still off at a very high rate.
It is expected that liquid milk q3 will continue to grow at a rate of about 15 to 20% in a single season, which is linked to Eli's policy of adjusting the distribution agency, which is about to increase the demand for high-end sales to second-line city distributors, as well as to distributors in third- and fourth-line cities and towns.
“Profits increase faster than expected, market share continues to rise - consumer goods are selected, the increase in the rate of distribution of channels plus the introduction of watch ads, the promotion and alignment of downline cities with rising consumption takes full advantage of Eli's more depressed channels and brings about the end-of-income benefits
Liquefied Milk City continues to take the lead and this year's dynamic organicity has continued to rise: according to Nelson, the company's market share of warm milk products is still running month by month 3. "Income recovery, expectations are that the product structure will continue to upgrade -
Growth, the gold medallion’s double-digit growth, and the success of this year’s emphasis on promotion, due to a lower base, a doubling and a doubling of the rate, initially estimated high-end income to about 50%. The price of the package, which began at the end of last year, the soaring cost of transportation, and the gradual tightening of the upstream supply of original milk, which began this summer.
Some of the small-milk companies are unable to fight price wars, the overall dairy industry is less competitive, and the normalization of the competition system is more conducive to the acquisition of the market share of the small business by the more moderate-channeled champions. The Māori ring has fallen slightly, and the cost has fallen significantly over time: or by the influence of packages, freight, etc.
The q3 single season Māori rate is equal to -0.7 ppt, while the increase in the original milk price has led to a decline in the q3 Māori ring over 1.1 ppt. We believe that the slow recovery of the original milk price has limited impact on the cost side of downstream firms, that businesses are more likely to anticipate price movements and take corresponding smooth measures, and that the return of the original milk price will be possible.
This has led to a slowdown in sales promotion and a reduction in spending, which is expected to lead to a decline in cost rates. The same ratio -1.5 ppt/financial rates + 0.3 ppt, and the lower sales cost rates, which further illustrate the higher effectiveness of spending in an optimal competitive environment.
Increased competition/Increased prices of original milk over-expected/costed over-expected analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.