Growth in performance accelerated, and the milk plate grew by the same amount as the three-quarterly review of 2017.
13.51 per cent; net return to the mother is $4,937 million, an increase of 12.47 per cent over the same period; a gain of $0.81 per share is realized. Three quarters of the year, operating income is growing rapidly, benefiting from an acceleration in consumption on three or four lines \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved an increase of 13.51 per cent in operating income and 17.98 per cent in the same quarter alone, higher than the average growth in industry. 1) The company has a wide and deep network of channels, while the consumption of liquid milk by three or four-line urban residents has increased faster, contributing to the growth of sales income; 2) consumption has been driven by rising levels, with the company ' s share of high-end products not being matched by higher-end products.
The Māori rate is 38.33%, which is higher than the reported level, as a result, on the one hand, of higher milk prices and slower competition in the industry, and, on the other hand, of higher product ratios.
The Unit showed good performance and good cost control when compared to the 300-year-old trend, the company achieved net profit growth of 13.51 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, 33.49 per cent in the same quarter, compared to last year.
The first three quarters cost 27.34 per cent, a decrease of 9.74 per cent compared to the same period last year, a slowdown, mainly due to higher domestic milk prices, higher production costs for small and medium-sized enterprises and a gradual exit, which led to slower competition in the industry and lower promotion costs for companies; and management costs of 4.68 per cent,
The same decline of 1.37 pct, a decline of 9.76 per cent in the same year, and further improvements in the efficiency of corporate business management: the continued dynamism of priority products, the growth of milk powder plates, and the acceleration of consumption, coupled with strong downturns and permeability of the company, have led to a high priority.
Products, such as Gold Fairy, Ammush, rare, etc., continue to go up, contributing to a sustained improvement in the structure of the product, leading to performance growth. Consumption in three or four-line cities and townships has started to accelerate, and companies are expected to keep their share of the regular liquid milk market rising. Moreover, with milk powder registration, the domestic market for infant and child milk powder has begun to grow.
At the stage of benign competition, companies have strengthened the layout of milk powder plates, increased the opening up of mother-and-child retail channels, commercial superchannels, and increased the growth of milk powder plates over time.
The company, as a leader in the dairy industry, has a clear brand and channel advantage, with a huge rise in the price of original milk in three or four-line cities, a sharp increase in competition patterns, an unanticipated expansion of market shares, and food safety issues.
2070901 Chen Baiu, Master of Technology in Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies. Wang Ling, Head of the Food and Beverage Group and the Agroforestry Fisheries Group, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Finance. Five years of experience in large asset management companies, joined civil society students in 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to any third party’s approval or influence.