The performance of 3q was slightly over-expected, with the original milk cycle plus the downside of the channel contributing, the Mahobo Ily shares published three-quarterly reports for 2017: 52.13 billion in September, compared to 13.5 per cent, net.
With a profit of $4.94 billion, + 12.5 per cent, and a gain of 0.81 per share. At the end of 3q17, $18.830 billion, the same income: liquid milk plus milk powders continue to recover and cold drinks increase at a lower rate. Through recent research, we split the income structure as follows: 3q liquid milk is expected to earn more than 15 per cent, of which Ammush is expected to earn more than 15 per cent.
Falling, due to a sudden fall in temperatures in September, a drop in the supply of original milk upstream, and strong end demand, has resulted in a partial breakdown of products, which has had a greater impact on gold fairies and Ammush. The 4q high end is expected to continue to function, and liquid milk revenue continues to grow at double digits. The milk powder business has recovered significantly, with 1h17 milk powdering revenue.
Profit end: original milk steps into a new three-year cycle, future moderate price increases, 3q Māori ratio, mainly due to price increases in raw materials, 3q milk collection prices, small increases, same-sum paper + 78 per cent, sugar + 11 per cent, permanent natural whole-fat milk auction prices + 28 per cent, with slight cost pressures, plus Ammushi
Goldcolumn sales were limited in September and the high-end share was estimated to be almost equal, so the Māori rate fell slightly. 2) The cost rate fell to open profit space, with a 22 per cent rate for 3qIly sales, a 6.2 per cent rate for management, a 6.2 per cent rate for management, and a 1.53 pt for terminal promotions as competition slowed down in the industry, and the cost decreased as competition slowed down.
The long-term downward trend is further validated. 3q companies withhold net gains of $1.44 billion, compared to 1.Eli shares: why the dairy industry started to grow twice, and the market share accelerated towards Iraq.
There are three pieces of Ely's future growth space: one is the Nestlé, where the extended M&A brings with it the expansion of businesses. The other is the increase in income + city occupancy. Our grass-roots research shows that Eli is currently in the middle of the country's rural distribution.
The downside cities continue to contribute at a very high rate. Over the past eight years, industry has eliminated nearly 200 dairy companies. I, 3. Sword, high-end, bid to buy the world’s first organicated stonyfield.
Three are the starting points of the three-year cycle, with future milk prices rising mildly, industry competition slowing down, and cost elasticity. Profit predictions and investment proposals: original milk cycle + exit of SMEs from the folding-up-cow competition + canal
The downside + structural upgrades suggest that Eli is entering the new three-year cycle. We expect revenue for 17-19 years. Chart 2: Ily ' s net gain of 3q + 33.5%. Chart 3: 3q sales cost of 0.98 pct, management cost of 1.53 pct
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board