Three-quarterly evaluation of Ily shares: performance meets expectations, 18-year high performance, 17-year-three-quarter high performance elasticity has been validated, 18-year high performance elasticity has been expected, and emphasis continues to be placed
In 17 years, Ili's share announcement was published in the 3rd quarter of the year. In 17 years, 52.13 billion dollars were collected, 13.5 per cent more than in the same year, and the net economy was able to raise the power of the king and demand was strong, with a 17.7 per cent increase in the 3q17 and 17.7 per cent.
Demand was strong, with faster growth in second-line cities, a three-way urban and rural demand surge, estimated to have increased by more than 30 per cent in Ammush, mainly due to the expansion of new tastes and foods, and a slight increase in white milk in general. According to Nelson, the ratio of 3q17 Elysium product markets increased by 2.7 pct, the temperature increased by 1.2 pct, and infant and child milk powder (no)
The cost is well controlled, the net profit of 3q17 increased by 33.5% on a year-on-year basis, and the elasticity of performance was proven. The price of the shore-to-shore powder increased by 27%, the price of titanium increased by 70%, and the cost of white sugar by 10%.
The price of fresh milk is the same, resulting in moderate increases in the combined cost of the industry, cost pressures, small-scale division of milk, withdrawal of mammoth milk, higher levels of Maori through product structural upgrading, improved competition patterns, lower costs of investment, higher efficiency of cumulative management, and lower sales rates of 3q17.
The Ely Stock Track: Consumption Upgrades, Cost Stewardships, Changing Patterns 0.9 pct, Descaving the Impact of Change in calibre Change, 3q17 Management Cost Rates 1.3 pcc decrease on a year-on-year basis, Māori Rates decrease slightly less than Cost Rates and Profitability Increases.
"Ely's share: the income is over-expected, the king is over-expected, and 18 years of high elasticity have been expected, and the focus continues to be on Ely. Low-line urban and rural residents' income levels enter Ely's depth: the sword is more than 150 billion, the most world-class food.
In the phase of consumption escalation, Eli's full enjoyment of consumption escalation, the expansion of high-end products, the powerful canals, the potential of the tap, 2017.7.14 The tunnel continues to sink to match the outbreak of demand on three or four lines, and we judge that there is potential for 18 years of domestic milk prices.
In addition, 18 years of continued growth in milk powder revenues and extended M & As can be expected, combined with eligibility for portfolio investment consultancy.
The 18-year-old Ely's performance is highly resilient, and the demand for low-line urban and rural dairy products is not as high as expected, competition patterns are not improving as expected, and food safety issues are improving.