Iri shares (600887.sh) Net gains in the first three quarters increased by 12 per cent over the same period, net gains after deductions increased by 27 per cent and performance accelerated
In this case, the original milk price is expected to rise steadily, putting some pressure on the cost of milk production, accelerating the phase-out of small and medium-sized enterprises, and concentrating market shares. At present, the downside effect of the Ely pipeline is evident, and the market share is not.
13.51 per cent; net profits of $4.937 billion for listed companies, an increase of 12.47 per cent over the previous year; and deductions of percentage points. With the slow growth of 3q last year (yoy+2.4 per cent), three costs have increased. Companies have continued to increase their sales at 13 per cent over the same period, but at a faster rate than in the previous year.
On the cost side, customs data show that China imported 20 per cent of the same price in January-September and an average price of $2990 per ton in January-September, a 24 per cent increase in September, when imports surged by 150 per cent to 410,000 tons.
Domestic prices of fresh milk have also hit the bottom, and we think that the price of original milk will rise steadily. On the other hand, this year’s price increases in support items such as sugar, paper packaging, etc., have taken a step forward in raising the cost of milk production, with both factors adding up to the company’s Māori ratio slightly lower than in the same period last year.
On the demand side, the increase in beneficial consumption, structural changes in domestic dairy consumption, an increase in the share of medium- and high-end products, and consumption of dairy products in three or four-line cities and townships far below one or two-line cities are expected to result in a rapid increase in net profits.
Since the concept of milk consumption in three or four-line cities and townships is close to one or two-line cities, small- and medium-sized enterprises and market spaces will be reduced and the freeing space will be occupied by industry leaders. In terms of the breakdown of products, the introduction of milk formulas for infants and children has not been possible.
Small brands and milk mills will be cleared out of the market, and now Eli has more than 20 approved formulations in the forefront of the industry. Currently, Eli is growing faster than his competitor, Monx, the pipe is sinking, the fruit is beginning to show, there is a clear trend towards a concentration of market shares towards Eli, and the company is expected to take advantage of the opportunity to continue to expand its own.
Figure 2: Unit of company profitability: % expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows: