In the spring, the power of the industry was highlighted by the fact that, for the first time, mega-stocks (600160) were re-heating significantly in the refrigerant industry.
In January 17, domestic refrigerant prices rose significantly, and the industry returned to a warming trend. In January-May 17 years, r22, product prices went down, the industry went through a five-year period of continued depression, some of its capacity exited, and 17 tons in the country.
□ The steady development of e-chemicals The company is based on fluorinated chemicals and is active in the field of e-chemicals.
The Division's electronic chemical materials generated $160 million, an increase of 39.80 per cent, representing a 2 per cent share of the company's total revenue. With the gradual release of the company's electronic chemicals production capacity and the rapid growth of downstream demand, some of the products are expected to be imported into replacement, and e-chemicals are expected to become a new engine for the company's future development.
□ A significant increase in refrigerant prices and a significant improvement in the company ' s performance: 17q1 achieved a revenue of 2,921 million yuan, an increase of 22.60 per cent over the same period; a net profit of 184 million yuan was realized because of a significant increase in refrigerant prices, which led to improved company performance.
Production capacity of 350,000 tons, domestic refrigerant prices have risen significantly since January 17, increasing company performance, refrigerant prices have declined significantly, and demand for refrigerant downstream has slowed down.
Listed on the market. After 19 years of development, it has become the country's largest fluorinated and chlor-alkali integrated manufacturing base, leading the domestic fluorinated industry, expanding its products from refrigerants to fine fluorinated fluorinated industries such as fluorinated polymers, high-purity electronic gases, with production bases concentrated in Qizhou, Ningpo and Lang Creek.
The Giant Group is the real control of companies. There are three listed companies under the Giant Group, namely, Giant Shares, Feda Environment, Huajiang Technologies. The Giant Group is a subsidiary of the Zhejiang State Finance Committee and is worth the reform of future state companies.
Complete chains of fluorine industries, including raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorine monomer, fluorinated polymers, fine chemicals, electronic chemical materials, etc. In an improved cycle, there is a steady upward trend.
This is mainly due to a significant increase in the prices of refrigerant products, which led to a significant increase in corporate performance. 11-16 JD has experienced a significant decline in net profits, mainly due to the cumulative effect of 11 years due to domestic degeneration, the phase-out of second-generation refrigerant products in Europe, the undersupply of domestic refrigerants, and the fact that prices have risen all along, but the outlook has been difficult to sustain.
Continuing, after 11 years, the domestic refrigerant industry experienced a significant excess capacity and reduced demand, with a 16-year rate of 44.47 per cent for refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials and basic chemical products; 8 per cent for fluoropolymer materials, 6 per cent for food packaging materials, and 8 per cent for electrochemical materials, fluorinated fine.
The chemical harvest is relatively low, but with the technological maturity of the company and the expansion of downstream applications, the collection ratio is relatively high, and is a new engine for the company’s future growth. The percentage points are mainly due to a sharp increase in refrigerant prices. We judge the increase in refrigerant prices in the current round.
2.1 Refrigerant industry and policy introduction. Refrigerant is also known as refrigeration, which completes the thermal cycle in the chiller, and which extracts at low temperatures.
The heat of cooling objects is then transferred to cooling water or air at higher temperatures. Currently refrigerant products are available to the fourth generation, developed countries have applied them on a small scale, mainly globally, with second (r22) and third (r134a, r32, r125, r410a) refrigerant products.
Refrigerant products are measured by two indicators, namely, atmospheric ozone depletion potential (odp) and global warming potential (gwp). Second generation refrigerants have high odp, high gwp, which is a product being phased out; third generation refrigerants have low odp, high gwp, which is a product to be phased out; fourth generation refrigerant devices
There are low-addp, low-gwp, which will gradually replace second- and third-generation products, but it will take a long time. There is a global consensus on ozone layer protection among major countries, with some countries already taking practical action. 1989: Further implementation of the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer, hosted by the United Nations Environment Programme (unep), in Canada
The Montreal Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Control of Chlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs) had adopted an international draft convention on the control of ozone-depleting substances. The nineteenth Meeting of the Parties in 2007 had adopted an adjustment programme to accelerate the phase-out of hcfcs and the twenty-eighth Meeting of the Parties in 2016 had adopted an amendment on the reduction of hydrofluorocarbons.
Figure 9 Global policy responses to climate change
We're signing an agreement on the adoption by the Climate Conference of a global gas, ozone layer and ozone layer-depleting substances.
SUBSTANTIVE DOCUMENTS IN THE FIELD OF GOVERNANCE
The 28th Conference of the Parties to the 19th Conference of the Parties passed the accelerated phase-out.
The amendments to the adjustment programme for the reduction of hydrogen hcfcs were adopted.
As the second generation of refrigerants produces greenhouse gases, developed countries and years of total phase-out over a period of 24 years under the Montreal Protocol; developing countries will freeze production and consumption in 2013 from the third generation of refrigerants in 2015 with a high gwp, a product to be phased out.
The 28th Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol was held in Kigali, the capital of Rwanda, with the participation of representatives of nearly 200 countries, which negotiated and adopted amendments to the Protocol on the reduction of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). 2.2 The price of refrigerants has risen significantly.
Since January 17, the prices of refrigerant products have gone up and up all the way. Here we see, for the most part, the price trends of r22, r410a, r32, r134a, r125. There has been no significant increase in prices. In January 17, r410a prices continued to rise, rising from $18,000/tonne to the end of May.
63,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 250%. 16 years the average price of R32 products was $11,637 per ton, and the price remained at the supply end of 2.3: the industry was depressed, the production capacity contracted The domestic refrigeration sector peaked in 11 years, mainly due to domestic economic stimulus, electricity and electricity loss, and developed countries
The effect of such factors as significant national reductions in second-generation refrigerants has been a significant increase in product prices. After 11 years, the industry has experienced a five-year period of continued depression and a contraction of production capacity due to severe excess capacity, reduced demand, and falling product prices.
The Meeting of the Parties adopted an adjustment to accelerate the phase-out of hcfcs. National reduction plans have been in place. My country officially eliminated the use of refrigerant r22 from 2013 and production and use were frozen in 2013 for complete phase-out except for servicing and special uses.
The second generation of refrigerant r22, which belongs to the hcfcs category, is a product that is being phased out, with domestic capacity of 848,000 tons in 13 years, 690,000 tons in 15 years, a decrease of 18.63 per cent, and a domestic capacity of 690,000 tons in 17 years, which is essentially concentrated in Shandong (242,000 tons), Zhejiang (180,000 tons), Jiangsu (1990,000 tons),
The main suppliers are Dong-woo Shan, Zhejiang Giant, Jiang Sumeran, cr3 =62%. Energy concentration rates will increase further in the future as environmental requirements rise and the process of phasing out r22 continues.
The document stipulates that production quotas must be issued for all production enterprises of hcfcs, and that production by production enterprises, including production for controlled uses and production for feedstock uses, is not subject to production quotas for feedstock uses.
Tens of tons, a 17-year quota of 27.42 million tonnes, a reduction of 34.2 million tonnes, and a 17-year quota of three suppliers with zero. National tap refrigerants, represented by giant, Dong-woo, have a high refrigerant quota and enjoy a high quota.
In 17 years, the Ewok and mega refrigerant quotas were 80802 tonnes, 57384 tonnes, or 29.46%, r134a, r125, r32 are third-generation refrigerants and are high gwp products to be phased out. Under the 16-year Montreal agreement, developed and developing countries have been phased out of hcfs roads globally.
Refrigerants: r134a r134a production capacity is mainly concentrated in Zhejiang (103,000 tonnes) and Jiangsu (103,000 tonnes). Giantization, Sammi, and Kantai are the main suppliers, cr3 = 47.33%.
Production capacity is concentrated mainly in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shandong provinces. The main suppliers in the country are Dong Yu (twenties5,000 tons), Giant (thirtyfive thousand tons), Medium Fluorine (thirtyfive thousand tons), Cr3 = 33.33%.
(20,000 tons), Shandong Dong-woo (207,000 tons), Shandong Flying Sources (20,000 tons), Giant (5,000 tons), cr4 = 32.72%. 2.4 Demand end: downstream heating demand Refrigerant products are used mainly in air conditioning, car air conditioning, refrigerators, and fluorinated polymers.
There are some differences in the application of refrigerant products. r22 is used mainly for non-moderated frequency air conditioning, where market space owners come from the new air conditioner market and the maintenance of the stock air conditioner market; r134a is used mainly for refrigerators, car air conditioners; r410a (combated by r32 and r125) is used mainly for variable frequency air conditioners: r32 is used mainly for the air conditioner industry.
Air-conditioning market: 17q1 domestic air-conditioning aggregate production was 44.0449 million, an increase of 17.97 per cent over the same year, significantly higher than 16 years, with 16q1-q3 domestic air-conditioning production increasing at a negative rate and positive growth by q4, but at a low rate of only 2 per cent.
The cumulative production of air conditioners was 11.94.9 million, an increase of 55.22 per cent over the previous year, which was significantly higher than the 16-year increase, mainly due to increased demand for household electrical products such as air conditioners and refrigerators, as a result of the post-real estate cycle.
Refrigerator market: cumulative domestic refrigerator production in 17q1 was 22,64.6 million, representing an increase of 9.97 per cent, a significant increase of 9.97 per cent, which is at a lower level, a slight decrease in the rate of increase in the second half of the year.
Tax relief policies have led to rapid growth in the car consumption market. 2.5 Cost end: increased prices of raw materials and increased cost pressures. Hydrofluoric acid is one of the most important raw materials for refrigerant products.
At the beginning of January 16th year, the price of trihydrates was $6,300 per ton, and at the end of May 17 years it was $11,600 per ton, an increase of 84.13%, a marked increase beginning in January 17, and a similar increase in the price of refrigerants. This increase in the price of hydrofluorates supports the cost of rising prices for refrigerant products.
Figure 30 Price trends for trimethyl hydrofluoric acid in Zhejiang 3 layouts of e-chemicals, new dynamic energy generation 3.1 e-chemical applications are promising
E-chemicals, also referred to as electronics, are fine chemical materials for the electronics industry. High technical content, stringent purity requirements, extensive application in the electronics industry, essential chemicals for the manufacturing of semiconductors (integrated circuits, tableboard displays, led, solar cells) are information.
The basis for the development of end-products in the fields of communications, consumer electronics, household appliances, motors and electronics, energy-efficient lighting, industrial control, aerospace, military-industrial, etc.
As science and technology advances, its application will expand and its prospects will be better. Global e-chemicals are growing rapidly.
Average annual composite growth rate of production of e-chemicals (cagr) = 13.38 per cent, 14 years US$ 53 billion, 07-14 years = 13.38 per cent, national chart 3307-14 global production of e-chemicals Figure 3405-15 Domestic production of e-chemicals
The company develops electronic chemicals mainly with the help of Zhejiang Kai St. Fluorine Chemical Co. Ltd. and Zhejiang Bori Electronics and Technology of tons, 5,000 tons of ammonium fluorinated electron, 3,000 tons of electro-grade hydrochloric acid, 10,000 tons of sulphuric acid, and 10,000 tons of electro-grade nitrate.
Production devices, such as 6000 tonnes of CCM, 5,000 tonnes, will gradually increase revenues from the higher end of the product market as product grade is further upgraded and market access is increased, while Borret is responsible for the field of electrogenic gas and currently produces 1,000 tonnes of HCP, 500 tonnes of HCP and 1,000 tonnes of pharmaceutical-grade chlorine per year (phase I)
Hydrogen has been put into production, into product certification, market expansion, and phase two is under construction, consisting mainly of 200 tons of high-purity electronic-grade carbon dioxide, 150 tons of high-purity electron-grade nitrous oxide, 500 tons of high-purity electronic-grade fluorinated gases, 200 tons of high-purity electronic-grade chlorine-containing gases and 4,000 bottles of high-purity electronic-grade mixed gases.
In 16 years, the company achieved a revenue of 160 million yuan for electronic chemical materials, an increase of 39.80 per cent over the same year, representing a 2 per cent share of the company's total revenue; the product Maori rate was 29.23 per cent, an increase of 8 percentage points over the same year, with a level of Maori far higher than the company's combined Māori rate, which is a gross amount of electronic chemical materials as the company matures its electronic chemical technology and its downstream demand grows rapidly.
Interest rates are expected to increase continuously and are expected to become a new engine for the future of the company.Appendix: Financial statement forecasts, no rating - none due to lack of access to the necessary information, or because the company faces significant uncertainties in terms of unforeseeable results, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.