- Detailed reading of Nanjing Bank's semi-annual report for 2020.
On 28 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020: a 4.98 per cent increase in net profit returns in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis (12.96 per cent increase in q1 year-on-year); a 6.53 per cent increase in ppop year-on-year (17.25 per cent increase in q1 year-on-year); and a 6.60 per cent increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis (q1 year-on-year gains increased significantly and performance remained positive)
Corporate performance in the first half of the year grew at a much faster rate than the net profit growth levels of commercial banks - 9.41 per cent and urban comptoirs - 2.59 per cent, and at a slower rate than in the first quarter, mainly as a result of a narrower increase in earnings from fair value changes, while the same net interest differential between fees and commissions was stable and the cost of deposits was lower
During the same period, the net difference between commercial banks and equity banks fell by 11 bp and 9 bp respectively, with companies having a significant comparative advantage. In the first half of the year, the rates of return on corporate interest-bearing assets and cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 18 bp and 17 bp, respectively, compared to the year before.
The company maintains a stable interest spread by optimizing the asset-liability structure. The average balance of loans held as a share of interest-bearing liabilities and interest-bearing assets is better supported by a 7bp drop in the total cost of the enterprise ' s time-deposit rate.
At the end of the second season, the company’s failure rate was 0.90%, with the ring ratio rising only slightly by 1 bp, which has been below 1% in almost 10 years and has remained stable for a long time. Companies do not have low levels of municipal banks, and hidden non-performing loans are under less pressure and have reduced significantly.
As a result of the steady increase in April, the core-level capital adequacy ratio was raised by 99bp to 9.77% at the end of the season, capital constraints were lifted, and companies were expected to increase their size in the long term, opening up room for growth in performance. Corporate performance continued to grow, savings costs went against the market, interest differentials and asset quality remained stable, and hidden adverse pressures were reduced.
. For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given. The asset quality fluctuated, interest rate centres fell, and the recovery failed to meet expectations.
On 28 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020: Without fear of the effects of the epidemic, the net return profit of the company increased by 4.98 per cent in the first half of the year, much faster than the net profit growth levels of commercial banks of 9.41 per cent and urban comptoirs of 2.59 per cent over the same period.
Half-year net profit increases for mothers fall by 7.98 pct compared to the first quarter. The profit increases before collection and provision fall by one quarter, respectively.
The quarterly spread may have been disturbed by the pace at which the company's assets have been allocated, and the overall net difference remains stable. The net difference between commercial banks and urban comptoirs decreased by 11 bp and 9 bp, respectively, in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the rate of cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 18 bp and 17 bp, respectively, compared to last year’s full year. Among these, the lower rate of cost on interest-bearing liabilities benefited from both deposit rates and the lower rate of cost of active liabilities.
In the case of loans, the overall rate of return on loans in the first half of the year was 10bp lower than in the previous year. Of these, the ratio of medium- and long-term loans to interest-bearing assets and their rate of return were higher than the rate of 3.63pct and 10bp, respectively, in the previous year, partially alleviating the pressure on the general rate of return on short-term loans. In the case of deposits, the cost of deposits in the first half of the year was 7bp lower than in the previous year, mainly as a result of the company ' s term deposits.
Cost rate down 15bp. In the future, interest differential pressure is expected to continue to decrease as companies continue to optimize the asset-liability structure, extending the length of their loans, putting down high-cost agreements, and the ratio of deposits to structural deposits.
The company increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans in the second quarter, increasing the annualized non-performing loan generation ratio by 53 bp to 1.20 per cent in the second quarter. The negative rate at the end of the second quarter was 0.90 per cent, with a slight increase of 1 bp. The negative rate remained stable over the long term.
A drop of 21.23 pct to 401.39% is in the lead among listed banks, and risk resistance remains strong. Overall, the company’s assets are of excellent quality and future generation pressures are expected to decrease, with a strong lead.
Figure 6: Nanjing Bank provision coverage Figure 7: Nanjing Bank interest rate, non-performing loan deviation Figure 8: Nanjing Bank credit cost, non-performing loan generation rate
Figure 9: Nanjing’s bank failure rate is at a low level in the listed banks. By branch, companies are actively adjusting their lending to reduce the ratio of loans to high-risk industries, and credit resources are tilted towards low-risk businesses. In the public sector, corporate lending is concentrated in low-risk leasing and business services, end of season.
The share of loans in this sector rose significantly from 1.95 pct at the end of the year to 1.95 pct. At the same time, companies have significantly reduced the investment of structured bulk and zero loans, and the ratio of loans to total loans at the end of the second quarter decreased by 1.63 pct and 97 bp, respectively, at the end of the previous year.
Of these, consumer credit loans and credit card loans, which were more affected by the epidemic, fell by 1.89 pct and 17 bp per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year, and explained the decline in individual loans by more than 80%. Thanks to a steady increase of $11.6 billion in April this year, corporate core capital adequacy and first-level capital adequacy rates at the end of the second season.
Given its location in Nanjing, the company has a regional advantage in Jiangsu province, with its own high-quality assets and a poor rate of less than 1 per cent for nearly 10 years, and maintains its industry leadership, with the company expected to increase its size in the long term following the lifting of capital constraints Overall, the company's performance has continued to grow, the cost of deposits has gone against the market, interest differentials and asset quality have remained stable and invisible.
In addition, capital is abundant, middle-income, and growth in future performance can be accelerated. We predict a doubling of 2020-2022. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,