The asset and liability structure has been significantly adjusted, and the business situation has improved on a quarterly basis. The performance has been steadily improving. High profits have been achieved before the three quarters were set aside. Net returns of $50.6 billion were realized in the first three quarters of the Bank, an increase of 7.32 per cent over the previous quarter.
The net profit from repatriation increased by 9 per cent over the year, increasing by 0.7 pc over q2; and the rate of increase in ppop over the same period, 21 per cent for research assistant Chiang Jiang Song-hoon, continuing to increase by 8 pc over q2 and steady growth in core profitability as a result of continued improvement in business conditions
Good. The pick-up rate has been positive and rising on a seasonal basis since 18 years, and interest and non-interest income balances are now better. The first three quarters have achieved operating income of $114.62 billion, an increase of 10.95 per cent over the previous three quarters. q3 single seasons have increased by 18 per cent, with an increase of more than 5 pc over q2.
In terms of interest income, investment earnings, gains from changes in fair value and exchange gains combined for the first three quarters of the year contributed $12,178 million in revenue, an increase of 61.86 per cent over the same period, driven mainly by the Fund’s dividends. Net interest differentials: The net interest margin ratio for the three quarters increased by 5 bps, based on the caliber of the balance at the end of the period.
In addition, three quarters have seen an increase in the absorption of deposits, a rise in the core deposit ratio and a decrease in the share of peer liabilities (the average cost of term deposits is reported as 3.16 per cent and the average cost of peer liabilities is 3.93 per cent) and the liability structure is optimized.
At the end of the month, the loan was slashed in favour of individual loans. The total asset size remained stable compared to the end of June, with loans increasing by more than 5.5 per cent. In the third quarter, new loans were released by $1484 billion, and credit resources continued to tilt in favour of retail sales.
Decrease of 1008 pc to only 2.43 per cent; significant increase in bond investment of $13.92 billion and significant reduction in non-target investment in corporate indebtedness. Increased absorption of core liabilities in the third quarter, with a significant increase of $26.47 billion in deposits compared to the end of June, an increase of 8.53 per cent, and a single-quarter leader in corporate growth, mainly in term deposits
The size of current deposits decreased slightly, from 3.7 pc to the quality of assets at the end of June: the percentage of problematic loans rose and future trends were noteworthy. At the end of September, the proportion of non-performing loans rose from 3 bps to 2.36% compared to the end of June.
The provision coverage has declined slightly, but it is still less than 2 in the equity bank, and 600 million in the business data. The provision coverage has fallen from 3 pc to 206%, but it is still at a higher level in the equity bank.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the performance of booming banks has continued to improve, with interest and non-interest income on both sides3 and the “Engineers Bank's three-quarters report in 2017” having performed well, leading to a significant increase in profit growth before the provision. The asset and liability structure has been significantly revised in the third quarter.
Assessment: Improved net rate differential ring ratio, asset quality, reduction of non-target and peer liability, increased absorption of low-cost deposits, and continued structural excellence.
Shares/dollars, maintaining the “growth” rating. Figure 1: Growth of income and profit from booming banks (millions of dollars) Figure 2: Share of interest and non-interest income from booming banks
Figure 3: Employing bank asset-end configuration, Figure 4: Employing bank liabilities, Figure 5: Employing bank lending structure
Figure 6: Structure of bank deposits in the booming industry Figure 7: Quality of bank assets in the booming industry Figure 8: sufficiency of bank capital in the booming industry
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board