Quarter-by-quarter Māori rises and the sea and high-end process continues.
12,494 million yuan, or 42 per cent of the same year, achieved the sale of 626,000 new energy vehicles, or +13.4 per cent of the same year, and 98,000 vehicles, or +153 per cent of the same year, were exported. The net return profit of 2401 Biadi was 4.57 billion yuan, compared to 10.6 per cent, ring to 47.3 per cent, net profit of $3.75 billion, or +5.2 per cent, ring to comparison.
By looking at Biadi as a whole, with its multi-positioning brand power, continued expansion of its size, and strong production chain control capabilities, the profitability of the sector is relatively robust in a quarter. One quarter of the Māori chain rises, and the profitability of the strong capital controls is relatively stable.
(b) Higher-end vehicles and export sales; in terms of rates, 2401 companies sell/manager/ god's eyes, easy-to-man's eyes, etc.) and for high-level intellectual reserves for research and development (the structure was released in January).
Ring ratio - 10 million dollars (mainly the impact of the glory roll-out), single car to mother net profit of 0.67 million yuan, ring dollar, same value - 0.06 million yuan; firm cost control in the context of the overall price reduction of the mainstream model, capacity + lithium carbonate decline + export and continued upgrading of high-end vehicle models, etc., corporate single-car profit declines
It's better than the asp drop, and the whole is basically achieving a steady one-car profit ring. Looking to the city: Glory releases a stable base plate, high-end + export strategy continues to move forward. 1) Dynasty + Ocean base plate: Since the beginning of the year, companies have published a glorious model of cars, high value for money, sales base plate.
There is hope for a steady upturn; on the high end, look up (1,000 + per month for stability), upturn (d9 stability, 81 per cent increase in net profit from Biadey (002594.sz) to 2023, and new export and high n7 market) and steady lifting of the end of the equation leopard sales, with the continued roll-out of the new vehicle model (Puertah)
Biyadi (002594.sz) - net return profit increased by 129% in the previous three quarters compared to the same year, good 3/8, and sales are expected to make a sustained breakthrough; at the same time, companies increase their investment in car intelligence; in exports: Biadi (002594.sz) - robust growth in performance and continued promotion of brand high-end layouts
Twenty-three years, 252,000 vehicles, +458 per cent of the same, and 24 years, cumulatively, 98,000 Bialdi (002594.sz) - release of cross-country brand equations, product matrix individualization, vehicles, +153 per cent of the same; profitability dimension: export volume + high end model ratio + basic plate stability
Stewardship scale + supply chain drops, low price stacking of lithium carbonate, and firm corporate profitability. Investment proposal: Biadi's deep layout 3 power technology, release of a glorious car-style solid base plate, acceleration of high-end and branding processes, maintenance of profit forecasts, expected net return in 24/25/26
One hundred and twenty-two million yuan, equal to +42 per cent, resulted in the sale of 626,000 new energy vehicles, equal to +13.4 per cent, of which 98,000 were exported, equal to +153 per cent. 24q1 Biadi achieved a net return profit of 4.570 billion yuan, equal to +10.6 per cent, ring to +47.3 per cent, non-discounted profits of 3.75 billion yuan, same to +5.2 per cent, ring to +58.8 per cent.
Brand power, continued scale-up, and strong industrial chain control capabilities are relatively profitable in a quarter. Figure 2: Biadi's single-season operating income and speed (in billions of dollars, per cent) supply chain drops; 2) high-end vehicles and export sales as a result of higher sales; and tariffs, 2401 companies sales/management/R & D/R
Quadros, etc., and for high-level intellectual development reserves (in January, the structure was released). 10,000 yuan (mainly from the introduction of the Glory version), single car to mother net profit of 0.670 million, ring ratio - 0.180,000, ring ratio - 0.03 million, single car deduction non-net profit of 0.54 million, ring ratio - 0.36 million, ratio - 0.06 million; mainstream
In the context of the overall price reduction of the vehicle model, and thanks to solid cost-control capabilities + the decline in lithium carbonate + the continued increase in export sales, the company ' s profits have declined by a greater margin than in the asp, and the overall profit margin has generally been stable. Figure 5: Māori Biadi rate and net interest rate (in %)
Figure 6: Biadi single-season Māori ratio and net interest rate (in %) 630,000 Bíadi sold in the first quarter of 2024, a 13% increase in the same year. 24q1 Bíadi sold 626,000, a + 13%, ring 34%, based on a precise strategic layout, leading technological strength, deep market insight,
A full-scale industrial layout, steady branding, and a strategic seaboard layout. Breakdown: Multi-brand strategy by car companies, continuous refinement of the product matrix, and multi-brand gradients by Bea " Up " and "Equal Leopard" brands
Discovery brands, layouts, brands and brands show up during the year, with a total of 624,000 new Yadi vehicles sold by car for 2401, a 14 per cent increase in the same amount; pure electric cars sold 30 million vehicles, a 13.4 per cent increase in the same amount, and plugged-in cars sold 324,000.
One vehicle, +14.5% of the same year. One hundred and ninety-nine thousand, or 55%, were sold in a new energy commercial vehicle, 24q1, Biadi. Green traffic, such as electric buses, taxis and trucks, has been successfully operated on six continents, more than 70 countries and territories, and more than 400 cities around the world, with large potential for long-term growth.
Figure 11: Sales of new Biadi energy by car, Figure 12: Market share of Biadi ' s new energy by vehicle, Figure 13: Sales of Biadi ' s pure power by car
On February 19, 2024, the Bia Qinplus and the destroyer 05 are officially on the market, starting at $798,000, the price of the product is reduced by $20,000, and the upgrade is accompanied by lower electricity and higher-value products than fuel trucks, followed by Don,
With multiple car-type relays like Han, the company’s mainstream product continues to grow more competitively, guaranteeing a steady increase in sales. The first full delivery month at the end of the year, looking at u8, became the first month of sales of the million-grade new energy suv, and the booming d9 won the 2023 full class mpv sales champion, the equation Leopard 5 has been on the market with high heat and high brands.
In April 2023, the Shanghai Car Fair, under the flag of Biadi, opened a pre-sale, two editions, luxury and off-road players, with a pre-sale price of $10.98 million, positioning high-end new energy sources for hard-to-land vehicles; in February 2024, pure electrical excesses were officially listed in February with a market price of $1.68 million.
Both are equipped with transvestite technology and cloud-p smart hydraulic body control systems, capable of achieving maximum security, performance and experience, such as maximum security, emergency water, in situ and agility. u8 has a maximum power output of more than 1,100 horsepower, 100 yuan.
The fastest acceleration is only 3.6s.s., which gives u8 super-vigor power to easily complete the challenge of desert dredging slopes in the Great V Hollow of Aachen. The cloud-p system is the global first-energy vehicle, exclusive smart hydraulic body control system. It can be achieved:
A high degree of self-regulating, looking at the U8 hangars for a total of 150 mm, with no water-drying dysentery at its maximum depth of 1,000 mm, effectively improving vehicle passivity. Clouds-p has a level 3 correction, which discourages neon from supporting continuous self-adaptation, and responds to different road conditions through fast-intelligent adjustments.
Qualitative, making it more controlled; and significantly increasing the comfort of driving through bumps or slow-down belts. Trend branding focuses on the brand of the new energy luxury car market, first luxury mpv-style d9-positioning, large-scale luxury mpv-type cars with high-intensity mpv-type cars, such as the peggl8, equipped with high-profile link, cloud-smart body control systems.
In 2023, nearly 120,000 vehicles were sold as annual mpv sales champions for the full class. In July 2023, the luxury hunting run suv stunn7 was launched, with high-level intelligent driving aids and cloudy-a smart air body control systems, and the integration of the entire vehicle into smart power is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in performance.
On August 16th, 2023, Biadi hosted an Equator Leopard and Technology launch at Shenzhen Global Headquarters. Biadi officially launched the New Energy Professional Personalized Branded Equator Leopard and exclusive core technology dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, and the Equation Leopard product matrix will cover different vehicle types such as suv, running cars, sedans, etc.
The big suv equation 5 of the brand first series is built on a dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with an acceleration of 4.8 seconds, with a combined extension of 1,200 km, with a new energy exclusive cloudy smart body control system, with a completely new mix of non-carrying structures. The equation 5 is divided into cloudy and standard versions that satisfy outdoors and outdoors.
The city travels in a dual scenario, with new vehicles positioned as hard-to-be new-energy Land Cruisers, at the same time that they have hard technology in cross-country, and prices are close to the public market. The launch coincides with the release of Leopar8 concept vehicles, Super8 and Leopar 3, which together make up the 583 hard-line family of an equation Leopard 583 and refine the product matrix to cover the wider cross-country at a wider price band.
In 2023, the company’s new energy vehicles entered more than 50 countries and regions, including Japan, Germany, Australia, Brazil, and the United Arab Emirates, and sold 110,000 vehicles overseas, an increase of 404%. Of these, the company successfully launched a new vehicle in Mexico in March.
Henev, Donev, Yuan plus, three pure electric vehicles; the dollar plus model was officially launched in the United Arab Emirates in June, using localization and high temperature tests, to ensure that users have the best driving experience and to open a new chapter in the Middle East Car Market. In September, six new energy vehicles showed up in Munich, Germany, and seals were declared official in Europe.
In October, the 47th Tokyo Car Fair with five new energy models and core technologies, and for the first time abroad, the u8. In November, the 40th Thai International Automobile Fair with five cars, N7 and u8 and so on, displayed a rich matrix of products.
In the future, there will be more rolling ships that will provide sufficient transport security for the company’s cars to go to sea, and promote the sustainable development of the entire automobile export industry. By the logic of the main line, it will be better than Yadi’s deep 3-power technology, new-energy automobile technology, and a better share of the market.
Big enough to speed up the process of high-end and branding, and further increase the company’s development ceiling; in the logic of the feeder line, the higher energy density, the better safety of the blade battery, and its growing clients are expected to contribute to the growth of performance. But, given the increasing competition in the industry terminals since 2024, many mainframe plants have been launched.
The price reduction promotion strategy is based on a solid sales base, and Biadi launched the glory version of the car (oceans, dynasty networks, etc.) early in the year for a solid basic sales round, and we maintain a profit forecast, with companies expected to return to their homes in 24/25/26 years. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author