Company research on alternative car and car parts and components Bialdi (002594) for the first time covered 23 June 2024
New Energy Car Leadership, Sword to Overseas Market -- Biadey's first coverage report.
Founded in 1995, with many years of technological innovation and production practices, the company has constructed key components ranging from upstream battery raw materials, igbt, sic, etc., to the central components of the new energy three-power system, hybrid power platforms, whole-of-car electronics, chassis, interiors, and downstream car sales and financial services.
In terms of production capacity, the company currently shares a total equity share (millions):
Planning capacity has reached 4.75 million and overseas total planning capacity 1.1 million. The total number of the network of the company’s five main channels has reached about 4099, while the average number of single shops sold in the first quarter of 2024 has reached 176.4, with single-store sales efficiency leading the industry.
The company has now achieved full price layout, high R & D investment has driven brands upwards, forward-looking development models for kangaroos have been introduced as early as 2007 and has begun to create new industries, new track integrated industries. Through more than a decade of practice, the company is now new.
The full coverage of the energy automobile chain has effectively reduced the risk of drastic changes in the prices of raw materials, while effectively reducing costs and increasing production efficiency. This has led to a certain price initiative for vehicles of less than $200,000. In addition, the company relies on the first R & D investment in the domestic automobile industry to build one.
A pool of technology containing a number of subversive technologies and applications, such as blade batteries, fifth-generation dm hybrid technology, e-platform 3.oevo, has contributed to the continued upward development of the Biadi brand. The two-pronged expansion of the globalization of the company, Power Out of the Sea, and Fleet Out of the Sea
By 2024, the company is expected to reach its peak in overseas production. At present, Uzbekistan’s joint venture has been officially launched, and Thai and Brazilian factories are scheduled to be officially launched in the second half of 2024, with capacity in Central Asia, South-East Asia, South America, etc.
The company is expected to achieve both domestic and overseas markets against the backdrop of the continued upward penetration of new energy vehicles around the world.
The net profits of the shareholders of the parent company are expected to be at the forefront of the industry in 2024-2026, market volume and seaboard distribution, looking at the medium- and long-term growth space of the company, covering for the first time and giving a “buy-in” rating.
The slowdown in the growth of new energy vehicles has led to increased risks from competition in the industry, less than expected penetration of new energy sources abroad and higher risks from trade barriers abroad, less than expected growth in corporate intelligence in 1.20 years and now leading the country's new energy vehicles.
As a pioneer producer of lithium batteries, the company relies on the company to develop and produce secondary charge batteries.
Many years of technological innovation and production practices have already acquired full-chain research and development and cost-control capabilities from battery raw materials to single-body batteries to battery modules. In the area of new-energy automobile technology, companies not only have a significant technological lead, but also a leading role in the country’s new-energy automobile manufacturing and power cell industry.
The company is divided into three main stages of development: its advantages, its focus on cellular cell-celling, and its rapid emergence as a leading international cellular giant in China, such as Motorola and Nokia. In 2002, the company was listed on the Hong Kong exchange, bringing about a preliminary accumulation of capital.
In 2003, the company officially entered the area of automobile manufacturing through a strategic acquisition of the Qincheon car. The company successfully opened the car market by using its deep accumulation of electric pool technology, combined with a diversified development strategy of imitation, cooperation and autonomous innovation.
Rapid development phase (2006-2013): In 2006, the company took a pioneering step in the area of new energy cars, successfully developing the company’s first pure electric car f3e, marking a breakthrough in the area of pure electric car technology. In 2008, the company released its first global double-model electric vehicle in Shenzhen that does not rely on specialized chargers.f3dm.
In 2009, the company shifted its strategic focus to new energy sources and launched the Qin Qin series of dynasty cars. In 2010, the company, in partnership with German car manufacturer Daimler, established Shenzhen Biyademler Technologies Ltd., which laid the groundwork for the expansion of the company in the global market.
In the same year, the North American headquarters in Biadei officially started operating, marking the official launch of the company ' s internationalization strategy; 3) the period of full development (2014-to date): the firm built on its deep accumulation in the field of battery technology, expanding its operational boundaries and steadily developing in a number of areas, such as new energy, orbital transport, storage and so on.
The forward-looking “542” strategy sets clear targets for companies in terms of performance, safety, etc. of power cells and related products. In 2015, the company launched the “7+4” strategy layout, which marks a multilayered and holistic development of the company in the new energy sector, covering a number of niche markets, such as passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and special-purpose vehicles, and shows them.
By 2020, the company had released an innovative blade battery in Shenzhen, a breakthrough technology that not only deepened the company’s technological advantages in the area of new energy automobile batteries, but also created new safety and efficiency standards for the industry as a whole. The company has now developed new energy vehicles, mobile phones, etc.
Component and assembly, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaics, urban orbital transport, four major business plates.
A series of strategic transformations led to the upgrading of its spare parts industry to an independent Ferdys subsidiary, giving greater autonomy and flexibility to zero affiliates. It allowed them not only to continue to provide their own support services, but also to open their supply to other car manufacturers, broadening their scope of operations and market influence.
Part of the core affiliates, the Freddys, together with other subsidiaries such as Biadi Semiconductor, Biadi Electronics, and others, form the core pillars of the company. They focus on their respective fields of specialization and contribute strong incentives and support to Biadi’s overall development through technological innovation and market expansion. The core affiliates include:
Biadi Semiconductor - the leading semiconductor enterprise in the country: The company's predecessor is the Biadiic Design Department, established in 2002, which in 2020 was renamed Biadi Semiconductor Limited and split from the parent company. The main ones are power semiconductors, smart controlics, smart sensors, photoelectric semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing, and services.
In December 2021, the company developed its own self-research and mass-drive chip bf1181, which is used to drive 1,200v power devices compatible with 1200vigbt and sic and can be widely applied to the v/hev power module, the worker.
Industry power drive, industrial power supply, solar reversors, etc.: Biadi Electronics - a global leader of platform high-end manufacturing enterprises: the company was established in June 2007 and listed in Hong Kong in December of the same year. The main business covers mainly cellular pens, new smart products, auto smart systems, medical care.
In the area of motor intelligence systems, Biadi Electronics is working to develop advanced technology centred on smart network systems, smart cockpits, and autopilot systems. Its autonomously developed dilink motor intelligence system has been successfully applied to multiple models under the Biadi flag, while actively promoting other domestic and international steam.
Launching of the mainframe brand: Fodie Battery-New Energy Lithium Battery Lead Vendor: Fody Battery Ltd. (formerly Biade II) from the secondary battery charge business for over 20 years, acquired access to mineral resources development, materials development, process development,
In 2023, the company took over the Ferdi power-drive platform product suppliers in our market in three major new energy vehicle power cells/pack/bms: it was established at the end of 2019, and Fodie power was formerly Bia.
Ministry of Enterprise DIV XVII, which has core technologies such as pure electrical e-platforms, blended dm platforms, which provide products such as electric power, electrical controls, power sources, motors, transformers, slow-downs, bridges, etc.; 32.6 per cent and 32.7 per cent and 33.6 per cent respectively of the company ' s three main operations in 2023 in the new energy-driven motors/drivers/obc in our market;
FerdieTechnology - Automobile Electronics and Deck Suppliers: FerdyTechnology was established in December 2019 and has three main areas of car-borne, commercial, orbital traffic: whole-car thermal, whole-line, smart cabin, adas, passive safety, braking systems, suspensions and exhausts, body control, diversion systems, top 10 product lines.
The company is gradually moving towards full-grade, full-priced vehicle coverage, which will mark its product year in 2024. At present, the company has a well-structured five-net four-brand strategy (Dynamite Network, Ocean Net, Power, Equation Panther, Looking Up), which has achieved full-cost coverage of new energy from $60,000 to $1 million, fully meeting the needs of consumers at different price segments.
With regard to the accumulation of energy vehicle technology, the company has built a powerful technology pool that includes the fifth-generation dm hybrid technology, e-platform 3.0evo, ctb battery body integration technology, a four-way technology platform, and cloudy smart vehicle control systems. Looking ahead, the company is expected to continue its powerful product cycle in 2024.
In addition, the company will build on the new pure power platform e platform 3.0evo and the fifth generation dm technology released in the first half of 2024, updating existing products and achieving a significant upgrading of product power.
Figure 4: Corporate technology release, branding of new and marketed vehicles, figure 5: The pace of company technology release and sales by car (in units of vehicles) from May 2018 to 2024
In 2022, the company successfully launched a number of new energy projects, including Changzhou base, Jiangxi Chi State base, Fat Yu, and Xian III. At present, the company has completed the production of eight factories in the country.
In terms of overseas expansion, the company’s pace has increased steadily, and is expected to reach its peak in 2024. At present, the company and the local auto manufacturer of Uzbekistan are uzauto.
In addition, Thai and Brazilian factories are scheduled to be officially operational in the second half of 2024, with capacity for South-East Asia and South America. In addition to the existing industrial capacity, the company Indonesia has entered into a land investment agreement with the Hungarian factory, which will be officially launched this year.
A feasibility study of the Mexican factory was conducted and negotiations are under way with Mexican officials on the terms, including the location of the plant. According to Combine, 1.1 million vehicles are planned to be produced abroad.
In 2009, the company took the first step in the distribution of shares and stepped up the expansion of the channels. The company then introduced an innovative four-car strategy, with different versions of the same type of car distributed in a1, a2, a3, a4 four networks.
By 2013, the company had further consolidated its resources, merged the four networks into red and blue, and opened a six-year “two-net” sales period. By December 2021, the company’s network of authorized distributors (excluding supermarkets) had expanded to more than 980 and had achieved full coverage of the country’s 31 provinces.
As at 1 June of that year, the total number of the company's five main channels had reached approximately 4099, including 1807 dynasty channels, 1528 marine networks, 514 sealines, 170 equation leopards, and about 80, and in the channel mode, the dynasty and the sea were dominated by distribution patterns, while approximately 10 per cent of the direct stores were reserved to provide them.
In the first quarter of 2024, companies sold an average of 1764 single shops, with single-store sales efficiency leading the industry.
Figure 8: Company network distribution as at 16 April 2024 and tot15 city of Biadi line distribution and number of top15 city of 1.2 companies with significant benefits in size and excellent vehicle indicators
The company’s operating income is mainly driven by full-car sales. As a result of the company’s relatively large share of automobile business, the company’s operating income has been highly correlated with the overall volume of sales in recent years. In 2023, the company sold 3,0244 million cars throughout the year, with sales revenue of $12,494 million in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 3.97 per cent.
The company’s net profit on the same basis is much larger than its operating income. Because of the more obvious Matthews effect in the automobile industry, the pioneers, with their brand advantage and size effects, have an advantage in terms of bargaining power up and down, as well as sales. The annual net profit on the home is 16,625 million yuan, an increase of 445.86 per cent, compared with 96.20 per cent over the same period.
In 2023, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of $30.4 billion, an increase of 80.72 per cent over the same period. Businesses increased at a significantly faster rate than other businesses in the company ' s automobiles, automobile-related products and other products, leading to an upward trend in the Māori rate.
The stoppage car factory established a masked line and sold the country and abroad and significantly increased the rate of motor vehicle operations in 2020 as the masked business was included in the car sales business. In 2021, the company’s high rate of masked operations gradually decreased, while prices of key upstream raw materials, such as phosphate lithium, were faster in 2021.
Combined with the two above-mentioned factors, the company ' s Māori rate for automobiles fell by 7.81 pctsda ' s branding advantage and size effect in 2021 and led to a sustained increase in Māori. The Māori rate for cars in companies increased by 2022 by 20.39% compared to 3.00 pcts in 2023.
Corporate fees as a percentage of revenue have been gradually decreasing overall: Sales costs at the end: between 2015 and 2021, the company’s sales costs as a share of operating income have steadily declined. The ratio has increased by 0.74 pcts and 0.64 pcts, respectively, at a faster rate than the core reason for operating income.
The cost of after-sales services and advertising exhibitions has risen rapidly, specifically, by 147.6 per cent in 2022, with the cost of after-sales services rising particularly sharply from 430.0 per cent to $6,514 million in the same year. The cost of after-sales services also accounts for the cost of sales.
In fact, the cost of after-sales services is a forecast of the company’s potential expenditure on after-sales service obligations and is a projected liability. The rapid increase in this cost is closely related to the significant increase in the number of vehicles sold in the year. By 2023, companies’ sales costs had increased by 67.39 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The cost of advertising exhibitions was particularly significant, with an increase of 93.78 per cent from the same year to $4.267 billion, the central driver of which was the intensive placement of new models: in 2023, the company ushered in a product year with a brand-new model of more than 10 cars and thus increased the demand for marketing and exhibition, thus pushing up the cost of advertising exhibitions;
Management costs end: As a result of the rapid growth in corporate operating income, the scale effect gradually emerges, and corporate costs appear year by year. Financial costs end: the company’s financial costs consist mainly of net interest expenditure and loss on exchange, directly related to corporate borrowing and discounting of receivables.
The control of gold flows has been raised year by year, the company ' s cash flow situation has gradually improved, and net corporate interest expenditure has continued to decrease, adding up the company ' s exchange gains of $1,216 million and $639 million in 2022 and 2023, respectively, so that financial costs have remained low as a percentage of revenue over the last two years;
In the first half of the year, in response to the rapid growth in the demand for new energy vehicles, the company entered a period of rapid expansion of its capacity. In 2022, the company successfully launched a number of new production projects, including the Changzhou base, the Jiangxichi State base, the Yui Yui Yui I and Xian III. The company has now completed the production of eight factories in the country, and the country has already completed production and production arrangements.
At present, the company’s construction-in-progress portfolio has stagnated from 515.90 in the first half of 2023, and the company’s depreciation burden will gradually be reduced in the future, leading to a corresponding increase in the efficiency of the company’s operations. A year-on-year increase in sales has led to a rapid reduction in the company’s bicycle costs.
With the annual increase in the company's new energy vehicle sales, the company has now become the “double-food champion” of the country's new energy vehicle fleet in 2023, both narrow and narrow. By 2023, the company's new energy vehicle sales had increased by 62.2 per cent to 3,033,000 vehicles, accounting for 11.8 per cent of the country's new vehicle fleet and 33.9 per cent of the country's new energy fleet.
The year-to-year growth in corporate sales has also led to a rapid reduction in the cost of company bicycles. Among these, between 2020 and 2022, the company achieved a significant reduction in the depreciation costs of bicycles in terms of the high volume of sales. In March 2023, the company based on a prudent judgement on future technological developments, accounting
The estimate has been adjusted. Given the rapid turnover of new energy vehicle technology, and the fact that some of the mechanical equipment actually used life may be shorter than the original depreciation age, the company decided to adjust the depreciation/amortization period for power cell long-term assets. The annual depreciation/amortization of long-term assets increased by $3.347 billion.
Depreciation costs have been raised by 0.4 million yuan from the same level in the previous year, amounting to 12,000 yuan. The company ' s depreciation rate is temporarily higher than that of its competitors in the field of new energy vehicles, such as scavengers, idealists, and Cyrus. We expect that, as the volume of sales continues to grow and the peak of capacity expands, the company ' s depreciation burden will begin.
The company's future depreciation of bicycles is expected to decline rapidly and to further increase its cost-effectiveness and market competition with respect to four fares (sales costs + management costs + research and development costs + financial costs): between 2020 and 2023, the company's overall flat costs showed a downward trend in competition with new energy sectors such as Tesla, scavengers, ideals, racers, etc.
By contrast, a company’s significant advantage in its market share is significantly lower than its competitor’s. We expect that the advantage of the company’s four-car ratio will continue to grow as the volume of sales continues to grow, the scale effect gradually emerges, and the company’s four-car rate compares with that of a friend:
Figure 19: Four fares per bicycle from 2020 to 2023 for companies and new energy car competitors, Figure 18: Depreciation of bicycles from 2020 to 2023 for companies and new energy vehicle competitors (sales costs + management costs + research and development costs + financial costs)
2. Cost is shielded and technology is a spear, with full price segment layout, 2.1 deep integration of the supply chain, with market pricing rights of up to $200,000, and companies that connect to the new energy vehicle industry to achieve deep vertical integration.
A new set of auto parts and ecology has been created. Upstream, companies strengthen their bargaining power over raw materials such as phosphate lithium through “investment” and achieve self-control through the Biadedi semiconductor; in midstream, companies maintain their own supply by forming subsidiaries such as the Ferdys and Biadey Electronics, while at the same time maintaining their own supply.
Market-based outsourcing reduces the negative impact of low core and expensive electricity. Home-made parts operations include, but are not limited to, new energy, three power systems, mixed power platforms, whole-of-car electronics, chassis, interiors, molds, etc. Downstream, different subsidiaries take over, cover automobile sales and finance, and extend the entire vehicle life cycle.
Before the market for smart electric cars arose, traditional suppliers had a stronger voice, while traditional car manufacturers focused more on the manufacture and assembly of the entire car. With the growth of intelligence and electric motorization, the core of the car was turned from the old engine, to the transmission box, to the third power.
Systems, software, domain controllers, etc.. In the midst of this dramatic change, the importance of components such as gear boxes, engines, etc. has declined dramatically, elephants from traditional platform-level suppliers, such as Bozo and the mainland, have turned around and given the autonomous whole car factory a greater chance to have a voice in the industrial chain. The company has been forward-looking in 2007 to develop a kangaroo business model.
In more than a decade of practice, the company is now fully integrated into the whole industry. The core of the “Kangaroo” development model is: (1) “Step on its own”: expanding the new industry, building a fully integrated industry, “vertical integration” and “building”
This control strategy reduces inter-supplier links and achieves the objective of `downscaling efficiency'; (2) `baskets': while expanding the new track, there is no disconnection from the stock, there is an in-house industrial synergy, and there is a confluence of related operations:
The company has gradually transformed the advantages of industrial chain integration into product strength. By achieving full coverage of the new energy automobile industry, the company has effectively reduced the risk of dramatic changes in the prices of raw materials, while effectively reducing costs and increasing livelihoods.
In February 2024, the company dynasty/marine series was heavily launched in just two weeks, including Qinplus, destroyer 05, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins, dolphins.
Han, Don, and Songpus, Songpro, covering small, compact and medium-sized car markets from $798,000 to $2498,000, achieved a "up and down" of 30,000 from the championship start-up price. Of this, Qin’s new car order. In addition, the company opened a brand-new car based on a fully new hybrid platform dm5.0 in May 2024.
The first to be listed is Biadet Qinl and SEAL 06, which are in a tight position, but the size and axle range are already medium-sized sedans. Adding the same level of fuel consumption, intelligence and electrification to the same level, the market is fully recognized by consumers, and 80,000 orders have accumulated in less than two weeks on the market.
A further upgrading to “lower oil than electricity” on the basis of the same price fully reflects its determination to break down the market by 100,000 to 200,000 dollars. 2.2 Three high-end brands are created through the construction of a technological fish tank.
Since the acquisition of the Xian Xincheon car in 2003, the company has devoted its efforts to the development of power-injected hybrid power technologies. At the end of 2008, the company succeeded in generating lithium phosphate batteries, the first generation of double-mode technology (dm), and the global first plug-in hybrid model (f3dm).
Annual roll-out of dm2.0 and dm3.0 to achieve continuous rotation and upgrading of plug-in technologies. After 2020, the pace of new technology in the company has accelerated. Now, the company has constructed a technology containing blade batteries, fifth generation dm hybrids, e-platform 3.oevo, ctb battery body integration technology, a four-way technology platform, cloudy smart vehicle controls.
The company, through continuous technological innovation, has not only given consumers a better experience of new energy vehicles, but has also contributed to the continued upwards of Biade’s brand, which has been constantly breaking through technological innovation from leading research and development inputs across the industry over the past 21 years.
The company has invested more than RMB 100 billion in technology research and development, and has set up 11 research institutes. By 2023, the company had more than 100,000 active R & D engineers, making it the largest car company in the world.
The share of corporate R & D personnel in the total workforce has remained stable at around 15%. Globally, companies have accumulated patented investment in R & D by 97.39% over the year, amounting to $39,918 million, ranking first in the domestic automobile industry, and almost twice as high as that of a second-larger group.
Looking ahead, the company will significantly increase its research and development efforts in the field of smart driving technology. At the Shareholders Assembly in 2023, the chairman of the company, Mr. Wang, made it clear that the company has now assembled an elite team of 4,000 to 5,000 R & D researchers focused on research and development of smart driving technology.
Infused up to RMB 100 billion to promote continuous innovation and critical breakthroughs in smart driving technology and to lead the industry towards higher levels of development. Figure 23: China ' s R & D investment ranking in 2023
The company has continued to upgrade its brand power through innovative technology, and has now formed a three-fold boom, an equation leopard, and a high lookout, with a high-profile branding of new luxury technology: the company worked with Benz as early as 2010 and created a new energy vehicle high-end brand. In 2021, the company signed an equity acquisition agreement with Benz and won it.
The dominant position is that, with revolutionary technology such as dm-i super-mixing technology and blade batteries, combined with a definition of product precision and excellence, it has successfully led to a high-end brand of national automobiles, with thousands of vehicles occupying 3.04% of the market share of the country's passenger car market, and an increase of 2.83% over the previous year, surpassing traditional luxury.
The Chinese branded Jaguar Lugger, Lincoln, Cadillac, and Volvoby. If we go further, it's the only one of the autonomous companies that sells over 100,000 new vehicles a year, with an average of more than $400,000.
Columns, the product matrix covers a variety of products, including hard-pitched suv and running cars. The first product, the Equation Leopard 5, is based on an innovative dmo blended non-cargo platform. The dmo super-mixed platform gives the equation 5 strong performance parameters, including 505kw power mix, 32,000n pull, and 100 km of pure electrical extension.
Airline and oil consumption up to 8-9l/100 km, as well as super-high cross-country performance. An equation Leopard 5 has obtained 10,623 large orders in 72 hours.
The top-of-the-line technology. The first-loaded-up-u8 independently-driven technology with its ground-breaking "quad" power plant, which subverts the performance limits of traditional cars, gives drivers the unprecedented ability to turn slowly back in place, which is unique to stable control in the case of high-speed flat tires. In addition, the first-time-up-u8 carries the top stage of cloudy technology.
Configures "Cunt-p" to achieve fine control of each suspension system, and integrates it with smart driving technology to make the vehicle more responsive and comfortable. During the auxiliary driving process, the system is able to create more resistance and relief for passengers based on the path of the vehicle, the direction and angle of the turn.
A smooth and comfortable ride has reduced the sense of dizziness in the journey. In 2023, u8 was delivered on its own, and in less than two months, it was priced at a high end of $1 million, bringing close to 2,000 end sales.
The ninth place on the list of high-end automobile sales highlights the strong competitiveness and broad recognition of corporate high-end strategies in the high-end automobile market. Looking at the success of u8 marks the company’s position in the global high-end automobile sector, setting new poles for the upturning of national automobile brands.
3. Taking advantage of the opportunities of the times, companies are going to the sea for a period of rapid growth 3.1 China ' s automobile industry has successfully seized the opportunities of the times, and the process of globalization has continued to accelerate. In recent years, our cars have gone out to the sea to achieve cross-border growth. In recent years, China ' s autonomous branded cars have been intelligent and electric.
In addition, with the acceleration of carbon neutralization, our support for autonomous brands and new energy vehicles has increased, providing a strong incentive for China’s autonomous brand vehicles to travel to the sea. Despite the many difficulties and challenges our cars face in going out to the sea, the global market is undersupplied, and the country is underserved.
The volatility of the international situation provides an opportunity for our cars to go out to sea to achieve cross-border growth. At the same time, after the ongoing price wars and the “introductions” in the domestic market, China’s car products have taken the lead in terms of product strength and price competitiveness. For example, the domestic sales price of Biadell Plus (atto3) was 11.98-1478 million.
In 2023, Chinese cars went beyond Japan to become the world’s first exporter. In 2023, China exported 4.43 million vehicles, an increase of 65.3% compared to Japan, and became the world’s first exporter.
Our fuel tankers have grown by 556 per cent year-on-year in Russia, reaching 75,580,000 vehicles. Driven by the high growth of the Russian car market, our fuel truck exports grew by 65.2 per cent year-on-year in 2023, and cumulatively by 2.66 million vehicles throughout the year.
The country’s exports of new energy vehicles grew by 65.4 per cent in 2023, and cumulatively reached 1.77 million throughout the year. The main export markets are Belgium, Thailand, the United Kingdom, Spain, Australia, and Brazil.
At present, the evolution of our exports of new energy by car is influenced mainly by changes in the policies of exporting countries with respect to subsidies, taxes, and compliance with pure electricity and hybrid models. Given the support countries have given to the development of the new energy and automobile industry, our new energy vehicles are expected to be in South America, ASEAN, and the European Union.
Tariffs do not constitute the main contradiction between our new energy exports. A comprehensive analysis of our new energy vehicle owners, with the exception of the United States market, can be divided into two main categories: the Asia-Pacific region, where the main export destination countries are already with us.
Trade agreements have been concluded and tariff reductions have been achieved: in areas where tariff barriers still exist and where tariff levels may still increase with increased local trade protectionism, such as in South America and Europe, companies and other domestic head-to-head factories can opt for territorialization of capacity-building for tariff evasion.
For the Asia-Pacific region, we have signed the China-ASEAN Framework Agreement for Comprehensive Economic Cooperation, a multilateral free trade agreement with ASEAN countries, and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (rcep) with more than 10 countries. Australia, Japan, the Philippines, Malaysia and other countries have therefore provided tariff relief or imposed zero tariffs on cars originating in China.
For the European region: the European Commission has announced on 12 June 2024 that it will impose an additional tax on the sampled Chinese producers of upper steam, Biadi and Gilly, starting in July 2024. In addition to the above-mentioned three sampled enterprises, the European Union plans to impose a weighted average of 21 per cent on other electric car manufacturers in China.
In fact, China’s head car company has proactively opened up the European region’s territorialized production capability and is expected to use it to avoid customs duties. At present, China’s major car manufacturers have made clear their intention to establish a production base in Europe.
In May, with the establishment of the first electric vehicle production base, the Jamaicans announced plans for a second assembly plant in Europe; the Volvo brand under the Car Li flag announced plans to build a third car factory in Europe by 2025, with the goal of raising Europe's total capacity to 1.2 million:
For the Americas region, except the United States: China’s major exporters in the Americas, such as Brazil and Mexico, have now set relatively high tariffs, with Brazil resuming import duties on electric cars since January 2024, adjusting tariffs on pure electric cars to 10 per cent and increasing them to 18 per cent in July this year, and to 35 per cent in July 2026.
Import taxes on combined motor vehicles will rise to 15% at the beginning of this year, to 25% in July, and to 35% by July 2026, while Mexican tariffs are currently as high as 20%. Currently, head-to-head factories, including those in Biadi, choose to avoid local tariffs by building territorialized capacity.
3.2 “Experts to the sea” and “Fronts to the sea”, where companies travel to the sea for a high-speed development phase The company travels in three main phases: the test water phase (1998-2010): as early as 1998, the company established its first overseas branch in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
In 1999, the company established a North American subsidiary, which began to enter the United States market, and in 2010, it officially established a North American regional headquarters in Los Angeles, California. The offshore distribution, which formed the basis for the company’s overseas experience, not only created a pool of overseas talent for the company, but also made a difference abroad.
Adi's brand: New Energy Commercial Vehicle Out of the Sea (2010-2020): In 2010, the company launched the “City Public Transport Electricization” strategy, which began to promote new energy buses, taxis, and buses worldwide.
Product k9 first passed the EU full-car certification (wvta certification) and successively obtained electric bus fixation points in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, the United States and Japan. By the end of 2023, Biadi had cumulatively delivered more than 88,000 pure electric commercial vehicles worldwide.
Row, first stop, Norway, where 1,000 Donev deliveries were completed in the same year. The company started with Norway, where it started “by car” and then, by less than three years, entered 59 countries and regions abroad, including Germany, Japan, France, Brazil, Australia, the United Arab Emirates and more than 400 cities and cities.
In terms of marketing systems, companies build and sell networks in collaboration with local front-runners, localized marketing and service systems that can effectively help companies enter specific markets, and companies support the growing demand for new energy vehicles overseas through “capacity-building” and self-established “seaship fleets”
In March 2023, the foundation of the Biadi Thai motor vehicle production base marked a positive shift from a “product out of the sea” to an “industry chain out of the sea.” In 2024, the company moved more firmly and rapidly. It is expected that by 2024, the company will reach its peak in overseas production.
In the second half of the year, production was officially launched in South-East Asia and South America. In addition to the existing production capacity, Biadi has signed a land investment agreement with the Hungarian factory, which will be officially launched this year. In addition, the Ministry has initiated a feasibility study for the Mexican plant and is working with Mexican officials on the site of the plant, including its construction.
In the case of the export of the entire vehicle, the public department has chosen to transport it mainly by buying its own car transporter to meet the transport requirements of its rapid expansion abroad. The company has submitted orders to various domestic shipyards and intends to deliver eight more around 2025.
Large automobile transport vessels. Companies effectively improve their control and flexibility in supply chain management by building their own transport systems, enabling them to adjust faster to ensure stability of supply chains and transport costs when market demand fluctuates or transport bottlenecks arise.
Automobiles, car-related and other products: after reconstructing company data from previous years, we find that the company ' s revenue from automobiles, car-related and other product operations is mainly from the whole car manufacturing business.
The rapid pace of growth, taking into account that the company is currently in the process of rapid expansion of globalization, we expect the company's mobile phone parts and assembly, among other things: the company's business is going well in North America, and its performance is expected to continue to grow as the consumer electronics industry recovers and new energy sources continue to develop; moreover, as the company successfully completes its work on Juno,
The acquisition of newco-related business will give a strong impetus to firm growth in the medium and long term. We expect the company to be the leader of our new energy vehicle and the world, and we chose the Ningde era, the Chang-An and the Wall as comparable companies, with a comparable average of 17.92x14.48x/12.19x in 2024-2026.
We believe that companies have the following advantages: on the cost side, the company achieves a drop through vertical integration of the depth of the industrial chain.
The company has the advantage of going out to sea with the layout of "capacity to go out to sea," and the company is going to go out to the high-speed expansion phase. With the company’s 2024 core product lines gradually upgraded to dm5.0 and e3.0evo, and with the company’s series of high-end luxury cars rolling out, we expect the company’s profitability to increase.
By May 2024, our new energy penetration rate by vehicle had reached 47%, and we expect a growth rate of new vehicles.
First, as market growth slows, competition for limited market shares among firms may intensify price wars and reduce profit margins. Second, consumers may be more selective about the choice of new energy cars, and they may be more critical about performance.
Higher prices and service requirements force firms to provide more competitive products and services, thereby further reducing the overall profitability of car manufacturers. If competition in the industry increases, corporate profitability will be constrained.
In the first quarter of 2024, except for the United States, where the rate of new energy penetration rose by 0.5 pcts on a year-on-year basis, Germany, Sweden, Italy, South Korea, among others, experienced negative growth in new energy penetration, so that slow growth in penetration in overseas countries may prevent companies from selling overseas. Meanwhile, important car markets such as the United States, the European Union, etc. are in place.
The second quarter of 2024 announced an increase in tariff rates for electric cars exported from the country. Moreover, China currently has relatively high tariffs on major export countries in passenger cars, such as Brazil and Mexico, in which Brazil has resumed import duties on electric cars since January 2024 and announced that it will gradually raise them in the coming period.
High tariffs. While companies have adopted home-grown plant strategies to avoid tariff problems, in the global trading environment there is a need to closely monitor possible trade barriers, such as non-tariff barriers and other protectionist measures, other than tariff escalation, that may be put in place by other countries to ensure that firms are flexible in addressing potential market access challenges.
The current trend in the competition for new energy vehicles has evolved from the first half of electrification to the second half of intelligence. Currently, companies are fully aware of the importance of smart business in future competition, and the president of the company has made it clear that companies have now assembled an elite team of 4,000 to 5,000 researchers.
Moreover, companies have announced that they will invest up to 100 billion yuan in the future to promote continuous innovation and critical breakthroughs in smart driving. But if research and development of smart driving are less than expected, companies run the risk of becoming less competitive in products due to short-boards in the field of intelligence.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts