Wang Wei-chul's new drug has been approved for the company's long-term growth.
The specifications of 25 mg and 50 mg are considered to be consistent evaluations of the quality and efficacy of generic medicines. The approved adaptive conditions are applied to adults and children aged 6 and over for treatment: (1) malignant lymphoma (annarbor split iii and iv), Hodgkin lymphoma, lymphocyte lymphoma (pulsive or generalized).
Mixed cell-type lymphoma, tissue cellular lymphoma, Berquit lymphoma; (2) multiple-acting osteoporoma; (3) leukaemia: chronic lymphocyte leukaemia, chronic particle cellular leukaemia (acute primitive cells, usually ineffective), acute marrow and mononuclear leukemia, acute lymphocytes (dry cells)
Leukemia (the extension of the decomposition period for cyclophosphonyamide is effective); (4) fungi disease (deterioration); (5) neuromolecular cancer; (6) ovarian cancer; (7) retinal parent cancer; (8) priority approval was given in January 2023 and first approved in the country, we believe the company.
The product will have a pre-emptive advantage (there are currently no capsule types listed in the country, mainly injections and tablets). In addition, the company has approved two specifications, 25 mg and 50 mg, respectively, for small-scale formulations, which are more in line with the physiological characteristics and usage of children and have a clear clinical price for the treatment of childhood cancer.
Value. We believe that in the context of China's current growth of children with leukemia and neurocellular tumors, there is a shortage of small-scale product-type products, and it is expected that when the company's cyclophosphamide capsules are on the market, the aggregate effect will be reduced in clinical terms, and innovation will help grow: subject to a collection price reduction, the company has been performing for the last two years.
Pressure, but as the collection deepens, the number of new products added by companies is gradually decreasing, and the overall impact is diminishing. Companies continue to transform and innovate, and now have 12 innovative medicines on the market, maintained the pace of 2 to 3 innovations per year for the last two years, and more than 10 new drugs are currently in clinical phase three, with a pre-set
Follow-up will continue at about three approvals per year. In addition, more than 60 new drugs are currently under development, more than 260 clinical trials are being conducted at home and abroad, there is sufficient incentive for innovation, and we are in transition, but the combined effects have gradually diminished, and the contribution of innovation has gradually increased.
In addition, in view of the epidemic, changes in control policies, and the recovery of the flagship valuation, we have moved up to a “buy-in” investment rating. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not made by ... individual clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.