China Building (601668) study, capital leadership, state-owned business reforms worth looking forward to, 19 January 2021.
The impact of the epidemic is manageable, and performance is robust. Companies have been growing at double digits for the last 10 years.
At the end of the third quarter of 2020, the corporate asset-liability ratio showed a downward trend, with Roe remaining at double-digit levels and overall profitability. Summary and investment proposals. China’s construction is the world’s largest engineering contractor, with its country-wide performance.
There are more than 100 countries and territories, both internally and overseas. The company’s main business includes building, infrastructure, and real estate development and survey design.
In December, the highest prices (in dollars) continued to rise; real estate development was at the forefront of the industry; and surveying and design operations continued to rise, with good business performance in all areas.
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the company as a whole signed new contracts in excess of $3 trillion, maintaining a double-digit increase, re-renewing the global construction firm's order records, and meeting the year's targets. In the event of a slowdown in industry growth, the company, with its competitive advantage, further boosts market ownership and maintains a high level of new signings.
At the same pace of growth, the vanguard advantage is evident, raising the level of performance security. Moreover, as a firm that responds positively to country deleveraging requirements, the level of indebtedness has continued to fall in recent years, yielding good results, while maintaining good profitability.
New areas of business have also been actively explored and are to be looked forward to. Large stock buybacks have taken place in recent months, and the fourth equity incentive scheme is on track to show confidence in future robust growth.
China ' s construction is one of the oldest, market-oriented and most integrated investment-building clusters in the country. It operates in such areas as housing construction, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate development and investment, and surveying and designing, while it is the world ' s largest engineering contractor and operates in more than 100 countries and regions, both within and outside the country.
The layout of the operation covers investment development (real estate development, construction financing, holding operations), engineering (building of buildings, infrastructure construction), survey design, new business (green construction, energy-efficient environment, electronic commerce). In our country, China has invested more than 90% of its construction in skyscraper buildings above 300 metres, 3/4 priority airports, 3/4 satellite launch bases,
One-third of the city’s integrated halls and one-two nuclear power plants, one out of every 25 Chinese people, used a house built in China. The company was ranked 18th in the world of Wealth 500th in 2020, and third in China 500th.
Companies have been active in recent years in promoting reforms in State enterprises to enhance corporate value. Increased internal resource integration and business synergy have led to the creation of “four-size” business models such as “design design, investment development, infrastructure construction, housing construction” and the provision of a full-scale, process-wide and factor-based package of services for city-building.
Business advantages have been consolidated, real estate has been optimized, new operations such as construction industrialization have expanded significantly, the industrial structure has become more rationally balanced, competition and municipalization have increased, and the industry has gained a strong edge. The value of new contracts has been reversed, and the cumulative increase in new contracts has been steadily increasing.
The number of new contracts increased by 30.3 per cent over the year 2019, and the increase has continued to improve since the beginning of the year. Moreover, the share of new contracts signed by companies and the size of housing construction has continued to rise.
Figure 1: Increase in the number of new contracts signed by companies in recent years, Figure 2: Increase in the value of new contracts awarded by businesses in comparison with the value of new contracts in comparison with the value of real estate operations, with the company ' s cumulative contract sales of $428.7 billion in 2020, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the year; cumulative contract sales
In addition, by the end of December, a new land reserve of 2,042,000 square metres had been acquired during the year, with an end-of-year reserve of 1,685,000 square metres and sufficient land reserves to provide the basis for further sustained development.
3. Businesses have continued to develop well, with a strong leader in 3.1 building areas, with outstanding technical advantages.
Construction in China has an absolute advantage in the area of housing construction, representing the highest level of housing construction in China, and is a leader in housing construction in China and globally. The scope of operations covers all areas of urban construction and every link in the construction of projects, in public buildings, offices, airports, hotels, science, sports, human settlements, medical treatment, embassies, industry, defence and military.
China’s architecture is fully competitive in its entire industrial chain, and adheres to its marketing strategy of “high-end markets, high-end customers, high-end projects,” and its business strategy of “low-cost competition, high-quality management,” by constantly exploiting its potential.
Controlling engineering quality and construction costs, providing clients with comprehensive one-stop services for the design and implementation of high, large, sophisticated, sophisticated, difficult and special construction projects. Corporate housing continues to grow, maintaining a high-end market leader.
6.4 per cent growth in the same year; of this amount, 1,539 million square metres of building construction, 5.7 per cent increase in the same year; 67.6 billion yuan in operating income was realized in the previous three quarters, representing an increase of 12.4 per cent, or 62.9 per cent, in the same period; Māori growth in housing construction as a whole rose from a low level at the beginning of the year to 7 per cent at the end of 2020;
In addition, the cumulative increase of 3.7% over the year to the end of December, and the cumulative increase over the year, shows that the epidemic affects the ability of housing construction to be controlled. We believe that real estate needs remain resilient in 2021, that investment in real estate development will continue at a higher rate, and that the new bill for the construction of the company will continue to be achieved as the city continues to grow.
3.2 The desired growth in infrastructure development and investment. Infrastructure is a national strategy for services, an important engine for economic growth, a livelihood that complements the grass-roots staircase and serves the well-being of the population. It is also a core vehicle for moving forward on a “one-way” basis to achieve better connectivity.
The country’s construction sector has been growing at a slower pace in recent years, but the concentration of the industry has continued to rise.
In view of the segmentation of the market, orbital traffic, underground space, eco-environmental protection, and telecommunications facilities are expected to be the fastest growing areas, and the total number of roads and railways continues to be high. In the future, with the commercialization of 5g, capital investment will focus on building new infrastructure areas such as artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, and physical networking.
Based on engineering, relying on technology, talent and managerial advantages, urban orbital transport at home and abroad, high iron, megabridges, highways, municipal roads, city halls, ports and waterways, electricity, mines, metallurgy, petrochemicals, airports, nuclear power plants, etc., many classic projects have been completed.
Investment-led, resource-integrated, etc. continues to seize market opportunities, obtain orders, maintain infrastructure blocks, and in the first three quarters of 2020, new contracts for capital operations amounted to $392.6 billion, a 22 per cent increase compared to the previous quarter; 80 per cent of them for transport, 5 per cent for energy, 9 per cent for environmental protection, and 5 per cent for water supply and treatment.
On the other hand, with its strong capital strength, the company has rapidly developed into a top-notch infrastructure finance developer in China, has invested in a large number of national and local priority projects in the country, and has been trusted in such areas as the model for investment construction as bt, bot, ppp, etc.
3.3 Real estate development and investment are large, making significant profits, and China has two major real estate brands under the Chinese construction flag: Central Haiti is the brand of a Chinese overseas group real estate business that belongs to the company, and the brand value has always been a leader in the real estate industry in China.
Dozens of economically active cities in the Great Bay region, the Long Triangle, and Kyouta regions of the national strategy have developed a balanced and robust national strategic layout in which the built-up properties are branded for use in the company’s real estate operations. According to the Qurary sales list, the full calibre of Haitian production in 2020 amounted to $363.44 billion, with an equity sales value.
By the end of December 2020, the company ' s real-estate contract sales totalled $428.7 billion, an increase of 12.1 per cent over the same period; the combined sales of approximately 2,371 million square metres, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, resulted in a new land reserve of 2,042 million square metres for the end of the year.
Reserves amounted to 1.68 million square metres, of which more than 70% of real estate stock was concentrated in first-line and provincial capital cities. In the first three quarters, real estate generated operating revenues of $158 billion, an increase of 9.0 per cent, or 14.7 per cent, over the previous three quarters.
The overall real estate turnover will remain high, leading business city occupancy will increase further, while the Māori ratio will remain stable, and the Public Administration's clearance profits will increase steadily.
Corporate operations have continued to grow in size, maintaining double-digit levels of record performance for almost a decade, with satisfactory growth. For the first time in 2019, the growth rate of corporate performance has fallen to 9.52%, and may slow down owing to the epidemic in 2020, but with firm forward orders, it is believed that performance will continue to grow at a steady rate in 2021.
By the end of the third quarter of 2020, the company had achieved 10,061 million yuan, an increase of 10.5%, and a net profit of 47,044 million yuan, an increase of 6.8%.
The net profit was $31.14 billion, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the previous period, with a negative shift from 6.2 percentage points in the first half of the year. The second half of the year, when the epidemic subsided, the pace of engineering catch-up was ideal, and the performance of companies in closing their accounts for the year was further improved than in the third quarter.
In terms of operating cash flows, by the end of the third quarter of 2020, net cash flows from companies had accumulated at 88.4 billion yuan, up from 20 billion in the same period last year. Of this, net cash flows from operations in the second and third quarters of 2020 were $20.4 billion and -17.8 billion, respectively, an improvement over net cash flows in the first quarter and a significant upturn in overall cash flows in the fourth quarter.
In terms of profitability, the company’s overall Māori rate has shown a downward trend over the last decade, with Māori at high levels by the end of the third quarter of 2020.
Figure 18: Changes in the company ' s Māori net interest rate in recent years Figure 19: Changes in the Māori rate in the company ' s operations - Māori margin
The company actively explores the areas of assembly construction, rapid construction, intelligent construction, and the expansion of new and emerging areas of business, industrialization, and is one of the first central firms to operate in the industry in the area of assembly construction, steel structures, prefabricated concrete, etc.
There are a wide array of layouts with a competitive advantage in the whole industry chain from the end of design to the end of construction. The company's assembly construction industry has reached a top-notch position in the industry. The steel structure produces more than 1.2 million tons; the prefabricated concrete business is driven by a five-one-body business model and has developed and built up state-of-the-art fully automated prefabricated plants.
In the area of smart construction, the company has set up an urban-level smart parking cloud platform, piloting the country’s first 5-g smart site, which will be built at the national level.
At the same time, the company has continued to expand its top engineering advantages in such industries as super-high buildings, large-scale space structures, and has made new breakthroughs in the areas of major equipment development and manufacturing, large-scale bridge-building technology, using a variety of technology such as factory “residential building machines” and super-weight bridges for practical projects.
7. Large repurchases of shares and further expansion of incentives Motivate the company’s workforce, improve team cohesion and company competitiveness, and effectively contribute to the company’s long-term healthy development.
The company repurchases the company’s shares using either its own funds or its own funds in the form of a centralized bid to follow up on the company’s restrictive stock plan.
Companies are on track to promote the fourth phase of the equity incentive program, with 2,765 restricted equity shares awarded on 23 December. The incentive range has expanded further than previously, facilitating the full mobilization of managers and key cadres.
The introduction of equity incentives is the best way to deepen the reform of State enterprises, reflecting the firm’s confidence in future robust growth, and to enable it to continue to promote value creation, value operation and value realization. China’s construction is the world’s largest engineering contractor, operating in more than 100 countries and territories, both within and outside the country.
The Department’s main operations include housing construction, capital construction, real estate development, and survey design. The housing sector represents China’s highest and world-wide leadership; capital market occupancy continues to rise; real estate development is at the forefront of the industry; and the surveying and design industry has also continued to improve, with good business performance in all areas.
In 2020, the epidemic affected the company as a whole, with new contracts exceeding $3 trillion, maintaining double-digit growth, re-enacting the entire world’s construction firm’s purchase orders, and meeting the year’s targets. Given the slowdown in industry’s growth rate, the company has taken a step towards increasing market ownership, maintaining a higher rate of growth in new contracts, achieving a clear-cut advantage, and improving performance security.
In addition, as a firm that has responded positively to national deleveraging demands, the level of indebtedness has continued to decline in recent years, yielding good results, while at the same time maintaining good profitability. New areas of business, such as assembly construction, smart construction, etc., have also been actively explored and should be expected.
2) The purchase order does not meet expectations. The rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and I am available in an independent and objective manner with a diligent professional attitude.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.