Byd's "eyeofthegods" sparksarrevotionofentelligentdringforallinchinina
Wang Shen's got a carwang, cfa Chen's ahaofeichen, phd Wangkaiwang, cfa
On the evening of 10 February, Biadi, at a grand launch, staged a massive upgrade of the flag dynasty, 21 of the ocean's vehicles to the high-level intellectual driving version.
By breaking the limitations of the traditional price battles through a strategic innovation, with a sales price of only $70,000, the Eye of God pushed the value of the industrial chain to be revalued. Biadi’s 2025 Smart Driving Power strategy was developed for a long time from the news, and the launch was relatively predictable, but the scene was still more than anticipated. Biadi managed to move away from its previous reliance on supplier programs, by rapidly expanding to over 5,000 intellectual research and development groups.
In our view, the trend towards accelerated intellectual power and technology has begun to emerge as early as last year, and the penetration of high-level intellectual power has increased significantly under the catalytic drive of Teslafsd’s quest for entry into China and the progressive liberalization of the l3 regulations.
The upgrading of the Eye of the Almighty has not only prompted the new power-car company, which sells intelligence, to show its true talent in order to achieve a real level of intellectual excellence of the third class by 2025, but has also forced the entire industry to invest more in intellectual hardware and hardware, and to promote a re-evaluation of the value of the domestic intellectual driving chain. Behind the “intellectual driving power,” car firms must build new barriers in algorithmic overlaps, data closures, and user experience, according to us.
According to preliminary estimates, 50% of Biadi's sales type this year carries the latest "Eye of God" program, at least 2.75 million new cars will achieve high-speed noa and above driving skills throughout the year. This initiative not only builds China's largest vehicle cloud database, but also collects real-time traffic data in real time and returns it through the shadow mode, creating a flying wheel effect that will lead to an upgrade of the top-to-end model.
By breaking 150 million kilometers, close to Tesla’s average daily training level at the end of 2024. We believe that Biadi is expected to complete the whole-of-the-line smart-wielding version within 12 to 18 months.
(b) Sensor, sensor, sensor, sensor, vehicle optical, cogeneration, etc., vehicle high-resolution camera-related indicators, high-caliber platform incremental sensor laser radar-related technology, rapid build-up; and (c) line control chassis, which recommends attention to the Topper Group, Bertley, Burtley, etc.
At the software level, the algorithmic architecture on the middle-level noa is still based on multi-twice/rule-based and "bev+transformer+occc" and most of the Tier1 suppliers have sufficient capabilities, and therefore at the level of the algorithmic suppliers, the efficiency of the tailoring is limited by the current lack of self-research capacity or the multi-typeness of some of the entire plant,
On thereing offloading 10, byd, nagrandlaunchevent, comprehensivelyupgraded 21modelsacrossitsdynastyandocean
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
"god'seye" drivesrevaluationofindistrialchainvalue.byd's"inelligentdringforall"strategyfor2025hasbeenbrenewingforalongtimetromanewsperspactive.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
AutomobileMarketin2025forthecomprehensivecost-effactivenessofmainstreamproducts, and furtherlowerthetechnological thresholdforentelligentddiving.webelievethatthegeneraltrendofindigentdrivingfororallandacceleratedtechnological institution
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Industrytoincreaseinvesting software, promotingthedomistindistrychain. from "intellingdrindingforall" to "datahegemony" .behind theconceptof"intelligentdivingforall," carcompaniesmust
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"shadowmode" andfeedsetback, working aflywheeleffectanddrivingtheteriteactiveupgradeofends-to-endlargemodels.thecurrentdailyincreaseingmilleagehasread72millillionkm,andextextedmetatedmillionkmbyendof2025,approachingtesla'saverdaidaiditraindings.
Webelievehatbyspecializedtocompletefind-lineelligentdringverswitchwithin12to 18months.themassiveamountafdataprovidessubficientfeelforend-to-endmodeltraining, formingaclosed-loopadvantage of'data-algoritm-experience.'"
Wesuggest topayattentiontoglobalcomponentsforentdrindiving.thehardware-levelincrementmaincomesfrom 1)domain contolersabove100tops,wesugesttoopayatentententrectivecar-endchip-relatetarsetshorozrobotics
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm talking about it, and blacksemetechnologies, anddomaincontrollerintregation-relatestargetsdesaysv, joysoneactronics, andmotion automotivetechnology (2) perceptivitysensors,wesugestopayattatentographytohicle-mountedh-definificationcamera-related toweretssunnyopticalandlianchuangelexectonics, and high-compulsingpowerplatformforminmentalsensorridar-relatedstargets
Hesaitechnologyandrobosense (3) steer-by-wirechasis,wesuggestopatetoputopuggroup,bethel,balong technology,andnexteer.onthesofwaterside,onmediumpuddingpowerplatforms (high-speednoa),thealgorith marchitectureisstillmainmulti-
"Mosttier 1 suppliershavesufficientcapabilities.theefore, atthealgorithm supplierlevel, duotecurrensufficientself-researchcapabilitiesofsomeemsortheinsufficientadaptation efficiencydue to thelargenemerofmodels, etisbeneficialtotier1sumpelerswiscorrespondingcappelities.
Carsalesfallshortotextations; appendix appendix