It is expected that in 2025 there will be a significant increase in the penetration rate of intelligent driving, which will boost the sales and profits of new energy vehicles.
Rates. In the case of driving efficiency gains and selling at roughly constant prices, we expect Biadi's car sales this year to continue to grow, with an expected 5.5 million vehicles. Second, Biadi's cars are expected to double their sales this year off the sea. At the same time, it is expected to double.
This year, we expect Biadi’s car profits to remain stable. At present, the company’s port and a share have market surpluses of 20.2x and 20.3x, and the valuation is attractive.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, Biadi earned $274.9 billion, an increase of 53% over the same period, and 37% over the same period. Of this, automobile-related income grew at a rate similar to total revenue.
The change in accounting standards in the fourth quarter led to a cost adjustment of $12.37 billion to operating costs. Bia Didi's four quarters net profit was $15.02 billion, a 73 per cent increase in the same year, a 29 per cent increase in the ring, and a single quarter net profit was historically high, resulting in a profit of $40.25 billion in 2024.
By our calculations, it's a slight drop in the fourth quarter of Yadi's single-car profit ring. By our performance and outlook, we're going up the Yadi's net profit forecast for 2025/2026.
Valuation: Using the branch plus general method, valuations are given to Biadi ' s new energy vehicles, hands, 52-week equity space (RMB) investment risk: demand growth in the domestic and overseas new energy automobile industries is not as high as expected.
Growing and increasing downward pressure on prices. Sales at higher ends and exports are not as high as expected. The decline slows down the company’s Māori performance. The rate of autopilot landings is slower, or the user’s body is not rising significantly.
Pilgrim International, Spob International, Spob International, Spob International.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios: Port stock Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: Corporate income growth is better than expected
The demand for new domestic and overseas energy-borne vehicles has grown faster, and the domestic and overseas demand for new energy vehicles has not grown as fast as expected: the penetration rate has increased further, driving the higher income growth in Biadi;
Industry competition continues to increase and downward pressure rises, while costs are better than expected than Yadi's high brands and sea trips, and significant hedges slow down and drag companies' car profitability performance;
(b) The impact of lower prices on profitability in the domestic market;
The speed of autopilot landing, consumer perception and user experience Ping-Yin International spdbi optimism and pessimism scenario: a share
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected Optimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing better than expected Demand for new domestic and overseas power-cars markets is growing faster and permeating
(a) Unexpected growth in demand in the domestic and overseas new energy automotive industries: a further increase in the penetration rate, which contributed to faster income growth in Biadi;
(b) The impact of lower prices in the domestic market on profitability:
The company's high-end and export-type orders fell short of expectations; autopilots landed well and companies were in the forefront of the industry; autopilots landed slowly, consumer perceptions and user experiences.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]