Events: Qingdao Beer released its midterm report in 2025, which generated $20,491 million in the first half of the year, and Qingdao Beer (600600.sh)
The sales level has recovered steadily, and thousands of litres of alcohol have earned the same income. 2025q2 generated $10,46 million, equivalent to thousands of litres, with sub-brand sales equal to -2.16 to 1.13 million litres. In terms of prices, companies are selling more than 4.81 per cent to 98,000 litres, with a ratio of 1.43 pt to 1.43 pt to 1.43 million litres.
\triangleright Cost-end dividend continues to be realized, with operating costs equal to $4.11 to $5.441 billion, ton alcohol cost equal to 5.08 per cent, driving the Māori ratio to +3.05 pct to 45.84 per cent; on the other hand, sales fees
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that the pattern of the beer industry is clear and stable over the long term, cost \triangleright Risk factors: increased competition for mid-end beer, higher prices of raw materials, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
A section of the Kim Dynasty (b) has not been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.