A steady increase in volume prices and a sustained improvement in profitability - mid-2025 reported performance ratings: company announcements, 20,490 million yuan in revenue, compared with 2.1 per cent; net return to the mother
The price of 25q2 is growing steadily and the product structure continues to optimize. The company’s income of 25q2 is +1.3% per cent, Liu Xinjiang is gaining momentum, and the main brand Qingjia beer/middle and high end product sales are +3.9%/+4.8%, respectively.
The corresponding ratio ranged from +1.5/+1.4 pcts to 54.1 per cent/39.7 per cent, according to the sub-channels, the market position of the firm's dominant channel, the traditional platform for deepening the online channel, the focus on new and dynamic media, instantaneous retailing and other new channels; in addition, the company has been active in exploiting overseas markets, using such advantages as channels, and continuously promoting the distribution of overseas market products.
Cost dividends are added to the efficiency gains and profitability continues to improve. 25q2 net return interest rate is 22.3%, compared to +1.1 pcts, and net interest rate levels continue to be higher than they have been since the company was listed.
The interest rate is 45.8%, compared to +3.0pcts, which are judged to be mainly due to the optimization of product structures under high-end strategies, and to the release of cost dividends resulting from lower prices for raw materials such as glass. The cost of sales is 8.7%, the same as in the base; the management cost is 3.5%, compared to 0.2pcts, which is judged to be mainly seasonal.
In the short term, the income end, where the impact of the previous policy on the current drinking channels will gradually diminish, and where demand is expected to cool down, with a focus on repairing the rhythm; and at the cost end, where glass and imported barley prices have remained on a downward trend in July, as projected.
This dividend is expected to continue; in addition, the company's management changes at the end of the month, and we think that the 2025 management dividend is expected to be released. In the long run, we look at the company's two-largest growth logic: 1) the beer competition pattern is relatively deep at 300.
In a context in which profit margins are valued by both the firm and the main breweries, corporate profitability is expected to continue the upward trend; (2) Companies are active in expanding their product categories, which are distributed in the beer industry in white, black and so on, while there are reserves in the beverages, and there is ample room for future growth.
He's at a historically low level, with a high rate of interest overhang and a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Liu Guangmi, a Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drinks and beer plates, and specializing in historical reprogramming and overseas comparative perspectives to deepen the value of investment in the industry. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.