Deepening domestic international markets, determined implementation of a multi-product mix, sustained deep-farming of domestic international markets, with market growth as a primary objective, and continuing strong market strategies, both horizontal and horizontal.
The advantages of a class of goods, a full channel, a full-fledged leading advantage, the development of a chain of events in the al-Qa`idah market, the steady consolidation of the “barrel” “profit pool” status, and the stabilization of the economy. Second, the strategy of a firm coastal strategic belt, the determination of the dominant strategic product, the development of niches, and the development of innovative marketing models.
The third is an opportunity to make full use of the changes in the South market mechanism along the river strategy, to follow through on the corporate MERCOSUR-focused breakthrough strategy, and to push Southern markets to break through. Overseas markets accelerate their landing in the “one arc, three-strength,” strategic layout.
The Joo Korean market has a consumer-themed activity that focuses on potential markets such as Russia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, and countries in the West African region to boost rapid growth in sales. A solidly settled product-package development strategy of 1+1+1+2+n. 1+1+1+1
The classic + pure + white beverages combine the classic systems, the pure, the white beverages as the core of growth, with a region-wide, full-channel combination operating, and a supporting Ligen base; the second is the pure slurry and crystals, full-scale energy and fresh track, innovative operating models, and the creation of a single star.
Leading China’s beer industry to a trend of biomass and freshness, it is an important single product for the company’s quantitative contribution: n, including the ogutes, the Xiashans, and the listening products.
(a) Creation of super-high-end independent brands and large singles, and other super-high-end focused sub-scenes and channels;
To capture the market below the middle; to foster a full-scale, single-star, domestic consumption trends, and contribute to corporate stability. To expand new markets, seize new opportunities, and open up new opportunities for growth.
Consumer diversity, individual demand, and the continued promotion of new products such as health, national characteristics, wheat, fruit, and women's products. Second, new channels are being developed to promote co-operation in the country's chaining system. Third, new scenes are emerging. Fourth, women, high net value, new age, etc.
The fifth is new demand, which responds to consumer concerns about fresh, ready-to-eat, green, high-quality prices, and emotional values. In the first half of this year, companies bought old wine, yellow wine and beer, both fermented wine. The ink and yellow wine are mainly sold in the north, especially along the Yellow River, through corporate channels.
The most obvious advantage is that along the Yellow River, when acquired, it helps enrich the company’s product lines, and the company’s beer sales are expected to grow at a level that is based on a low base of 24 years. At the same time, the data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.