Mid 2025: Full-source co-operation, continuous high elevancy, better performance of white beaks, higher classics. 25h1 total sales/principal brands/medium-high end sales equal to +2.3%/+3.9%/+5.1% (blank double-digit growth, classic robust growth)
The second quarter has seen a modest increase in the impact of the diet. The focus is on keeping the new channels of green beverages in the lead, the immediate retail business of intensifying new business developments such as lightning silos, liquor camps, and the five-year high growth rate, which should be driven by the middle- and high-end class, which should improve resilience. 25h1 tons of liquor.
Cost elasticity, relatively stable cost rates and rising net interest rates. Net interest rate for sales of 25q2 million yuan (reduced government subsidies) and net gain on fair value changes 33 million yuan (debt holding) less than the same year.
In the short term, the focus is on the following: over a quarter of pressure, the price of the follow-up.
External beta changes and the alpha rhythm of its own fundamentals, and external exposure to the chain of catering under policy shocks, it is clear that the current catering end has contributed to a historically low volume of beer sales, paying attention to the opportunities for the restoration of beta in the wake of policy marginal changes. The new chairman of the board has been active in some vulnerable provinces since he took office.
In the medium term, drawing on the development path of the overseas beer giants, we think it's in the medium term.
The national beer track is a high-quality front line for both sides, with an offensive dimension derived from the resilience and persistence of the upgrades, light-loading, price-stable, and a demand-multiple public price supported by a medium-volume core; and a defensive dimension derived from the beer industry.
The industry is at a stage of relatively robust capital spending and excellent cash flow performance, with a clear future rate of dividends forecast and investment rating: short-term attention to beta variability and the basal alpha rhythm of the bean itself, medium-term dimensions of green beams are high-quality targets for both offensive and ready, and upgrading resilience and higher dividends are a catch.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.