Qingdao beers (600,600) Food beverages Structural upgrades + cost dividends.q2 profitability continues to improve at the Southwest Securities Institute
In volume terms, 25h1/25q2 achieved a positive increase (0.3% lower than in the first half of the country's beer industry, according to the Bureau of Statistics). By brand, 13.38 million tons were sold in the first quarter of the single quarter.
3.9 per cent; 981,000 tons of high- and medium-end products were sold, compared with +4.8 per cent, with other brands q2 real cost dividend + structural improvement leading to a steady increase in the Māori ratio and q2 profitability. The Māori ratio of 25H1 companies was 43.7 per cent, an increase of 2.1 pp over the same period; the Māori rate for the single quarter was +3 pp to 45.8 per cent; and the first half of the year was the same as the previous quarter.
The increase in the Māori rate is due mainly to the improved product structure and the continuing cost dividend of the raw materials. In terms of the cost rate, the 25q2 sales cost rate remained essentially the same over the same period last year, mainly due to the firm’s active efforts to control the costs; the management cost rate increased by 0.2 to 3.5 per cent over the same period.
With the co-benefits of cost dividends and structural improvements, the firm ' s overall net interest rate of 25q2 continues to rise by 1.1pp on a year-on-year basis, looking forward to a recovery in demand at the end of the restaurant. 1) On the end of the product, the company adheres to the “1+1+1+2+n” strategy, and continues to push for the optimal upgrading of the product structure and the creation of major monolithic, high-end and super-high-end stars.
Products, full series, multichannel coverage. And structural upgrading from the low-end mountains to the middle-end classics. The path will continue to be an important engine for overall ton price increases. 2) At the end of the pipeline, companies will accelerate the “one-way” strategy of market construction and layout, and will continue to enhance market outreach and deepen market distribution networks.
Building, consolidating and increasing dominance in the base market and emerging market ownership. 3) Looking ahead, the company’s subsequent profitability is expected to increase steadily, driven by a sustained recovery in demand at the end of the restaurant and structural upgrading. Qingdao Beer (60000): 25q1 sales are stable
Qingdao beer (600,600): demand is low at a price. No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.