It's a rich-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweetie-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-sweet-swee-swee-swee-swee-sung-swee-sung-swee-swee-sung-swee-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn, located in the city of Sichuanzhou, was listed in 1994. As of the end of 2024h1, the accumulated cash share amounted to $43.3 billion, which is 349 times the amount of investment fund raised on the market.
In the era of price increases, high-end wines are more than two, more than 90% of high-end wines are in place, and on the road to recovery, there is a great deal of organizational control.
At the end of the product: selected intangibles, cultural heritage, three brands clear. At the end of the price: Quantum rotation, following the five grains strategy. At the end of the product: the national treasure tank is thin and thin.
New pattern of "1+2+n" production capacity. Channel end: organizational model upgrades, distributors 2 and Penthouses (000568), profit less than expected, tax burden ratio drags 2024-
Development of the tone, dedicated to the achievement of the year-round goal 1 - 30 on the market - 1.1, deep market first share of white wine - 30 on the market
The company, which sits in the city of Kyongzhou, Sichuan Province, was listed in 1994 as the first company to enter the white wine market, and is currently based in a series of white wines, such as the National cellar 1573, the Penang state cellar, the Penang state succubus, the 100-year-old succulent age, the Penang state cellar head song, and the Jinzhou succulent black cover, the main indicators of which are in front of the white wine industry.
In recent years, companies have succeeded in building a well-focused branding system of “double brands, trilogy, big monolithics,” and have achieved remarkable results in the upgrading of the national cellar, 1573 brands, and the rejuvenation of the Xinzhou brands. The original company was founded in March 1950, when it was called the Sichuan National First Wine Factory: 1960.
The State-owned first-rate wine factory was merged with the Qingzhou wine factory, which was established by the competent authority of the Luangzhou City Bureau of Commerce; the name was changed in 1964 to the Sichuan province Quzhou wine factory, and in August 1990 it was formally changed to the Qingzhou old wine factory, and the administrative relationship was still attached to the Qingzhou City Business Office. On 20 September 1993, the company was founded under the exclusive initiative of the Qingzhou old wine factory and established the Xiangzhou old cellar stock company.
Revenues increased from $139 million in 1991 to $30233 million in 2023, and capr to 18.3 per cent in 32 years, maintaining a combined increase of more than 15 per cent in both collections and net profit returns, and the company, with steady growth for more than 30 years, stepped forward towards the revival of its strong noses and ancestors 1.2, the SWF platform stabilized, with a steady increase in recent years.
State holdings are stable, and the ownership is very clear. The company is effectively controlled by the State Finance Committee of the City of Kyongzhou, the Cedars Group of the City of Jinzhou and the Pang City Investment Group, which together hold 50.75% of the shares of the company listed as the first major shareholder.