There's a big picture of the civil electric industry, and there's a big picture of the new energy industry, and there's a huge picture of the new energy industry.
The Bulls Group is the country’s leading manufacturer of civilian electrical products. The company’s early focus on research and development, production and marketing of civilian electric products with converters, wall switches, etc., has since expanded with a combination of product development, access, brand marketing, and supply chains.
In the area of operations, three operational blocks have been formed, namely, electrical connectivity (conversion + digital fittings, etc.), smart electrician lighting (wall switches +led lighting + smart lights + eco-types), new energy (storage operations + new energy chargers, etc.), and are actively leading the international civilian electric industry.
• Power connection: higher yield for superior products, robust cash cow business development 1) converter: bull converter advanced through product orientation innovations, channel model innovations, distributor management innovations in three directions, orbiting plugs, z generation series plugs, etc.
(ii) Digital accessories: Bull numbers adhere to a third-party strategy, based on insight into the demand for electricity on a full-scale basis and market trends, and a range of innovative products are marketed.
• Smart electrician lighting: Decorative retail outlets change, smart ecology or breakdown: in 2023, the company pushed for a change in decorative channels to sink electrical lighting products such as wall switches, led lighting, appliances, headlamps, smart door locks, etc. to county towns
The market and the construction of a full-scale flagship shop were launched, giving a powerful boost to the full-scale display.)Led lighting: in 2014, companies began to enter the area of led lighting based on channel and brand advantage, taking stock of changes in consumer demand, expanding product categories from bubbles and drums.
The lights are gradually expanding to more lighting products such as light belts, lamps, cap lamps, and fast growth in sales revenues. 3) Smart headlamps: companies buy one-stop purchases to meet the consumer's front-loading phase. Buy demand, moving from offering products to providing better scenario solutions, with bulls and bulls.
• New sources of energy: rich in innovative product lines and medium- and long-term development 1) new energy vehicles charge: companies have a full-scale experience of field-based discharges around electric cars.
(ii) Recharged energy operations: with regard to storage operations, companies target Europe with a series of products based on different characteristics at the b- and c-ends, with fixed, multi-point fast, portable, etc.
In the case of industrial and industrial reserves, companies have launched 125kw, 230kwh liquid and cold industrial energy cabinets, which can greatly meet the demand of small and medium-sized commercial users in the country for new energy sources and for inter-crowd distribution.
At the end of the channel, for the c-end market, companies have taken the initiative to expand their professional distributors, such as the New Energy Bazaar Shop, the beauty dress shop, etc. We look forward to the company’s share of the civil electrician market and channels based on converters and wall-opening products.
To promote a robust growth in electricity connectivity and smart lighting. With the further transformation and expansion of Led lighting, smart-house ecology and orphan lighting are expected to improve, together with active promotion of internationalization strategies and the expansion of new energy markets, it is expected that growth in medium- and long-term performance will occur.
One civilian electrician has a vast map, and the new energy industry is now 1.140 years of deep-farming civilian electricians, expanding the advantage of the whole ecology. The Bulls Group is the leading manufacturer of civilian electrician products in the country.
It's on the Shanghai Stock Exchange every year. Starting from the segment of "plugs" (i.e. converters), innovation in power, technology and design is constantly being promoted, and a large number of new consumer-friendly products are being developed. The market is always ranked first in the conversion and wall openings.
Research and development, production and marketing of goods, and the subsequent gradual expansion of the business area with the combined advantages of product development and development, access, brand marketing and supply chains, have now resulted in electrical connections (converters + digital accessories, etc.), smart electrician lighting (wall switches + light + smart lights + eco-types), new energy sources (storage operations + new energy recharge poles, etc.)
In the 40-year-old civil power industry, the product structure is clearly structured. The rediscovery company has developed its course in two main directions: in terms of business expansion, 1995-2006: Root Translator, capture of the population.
In 1996, the first push button switch was replaced by the most widely used high-plate switch in industry. The city of car converters was the country’s number one. 2007-2013: the first “visit sales” and the growth of multi-products.
In 2014, the smart lighting industry was the first country in the world to see a transformation, with companies entering the field of led lighting and digital fittings. In 2016, a digital precision factory was set up, officially entering the digital parts industry.
By 2020, using the led lighting base, the smart-house market had created an ecological layout of home-wide smart products, such as smart door locks and smart clothes dryers. At the same time, in an age of energy structural change, the company’s new energy business had built on the accumulation of power technology and branding advantages over the years.
Source charge gun/story operations and storage energy operations. In the course of outreach, Ningbobanmen appliances were established in 2001, the first year of the distribution of visits and fast-tracking the expansion of end-points and sales. In 2015, the Department of Electricity Industry was set up to host large power vendor platforms such as Skycat Flagships, Kyouta, 1st Shops, etc.; they were sold to India, the Philippines, etc.
During the year, companies continued to grow well, leading the industry in the traditional dominant power-market platform Skycat, Kyouta, synchronizing the new platform layouts, such as loudspeakers, and multiple spells. In the area of decorative channels, digitalization was gradually used for offline flow integration, introducing new retail models for flagship shops. In 2023, the Ministry of International Business was established, forming Germany, Indonesia, etc.
The company’s business innovation development process can be divided into three phases. From 1995 to 2007, the cash cow business rose in the entry converter industry in 1995 and was ahead of product, medium-term marketing, and post-channel barriers.
Positioning the “safe spot” became the country’s first in five years, with companies becoming first in the industry in 2001 at a rate of over 20%. From manufacturing “high-quality” plugs to manufacturing “safe” plugs, the advantages of the converter industry were gradually established.
Applying the distribution model, marching into the electric power trade, and engaging in Led lighting and digital appliance operations, while introducing external investors to optimize governance. 2020-2030 Searching for a new phase of development: hatching new energy operations in 2020, focusing on new energy car charge boards, charge guns and outdoor portable energy storage products, adapted to green energy and smart travel.
Intergenerational trends. The aim is to expand to smart households and new energy sources, based on traditional business practices, and to deepen channels, change, and accelerate the opening of new business channels to sustain future medium- and long-term performance growth. 2024h1, the three business boards of the company, 1.2 family corporate equity concentration, and management team-efficient professions.
As of 2024q3, the founder, Nguyen Lippe, Chairman and Managing Director, and the brother Nguyen (Nun Liping and Nguyen Xuping) were the real owners of the company, holding 30.24 per cent of the total direct shares and 53.8 per cent of the total indirect shares, with a total shareholding of 84.04 per cent.
The core management team is very strong, making a great contribution to the company. The company has an excellent management team with its chairman, Mr. Nguyen Li Ping, and has introduced a combination of groups from the United States, such as tcl, and Edeway International Electricians, who are both proficient in PV-opening techniques and familiar with international communication collaboration.
Among them, the chairman, Mr. Nguyen Lippe, who was the founder of the company, was the Ministry of Electricity and Water's Hangzhou Mechanic Design, which developed the technological advantages and atmosphere of strong corporate R & D, and of high quality. The company has an incentive-oriented corporate culture and shareholder-paying corporate governance.
In keeping with its position as “safe-use expert”, the company continuously upgrades its product innovation around consumer demand, leading the years of lightening, high-end, intelligent industrial development, with the vision of an “international civil power industry leader”, emphasizing that