Health care and health-care equipment and services New industries: National chemical-lighting leading companies, accelerating expansion overseas, judging the value of current investments in new industries, at the heart of the increase in chemical-luminous segmentation.
The key to long-term value analysis is how far the company is going to grow. We try to solve these problems in this report.
(1) Market expansion: The technical advantages of chemical luminous immunology analysis are evident, partly replacing other immune or non-immunized diagnostic markets; we expect the market to be about 25-30 billion in 2019, with an increase of about 20 per cent in industry, which is higher than the 14.55 per cent increase in public hospital inspection revenues in that year.
(2) End downfall: multinational enterprises account for 80 per cent of the domestic market share and are stuck in high-end markets such as level III hospitals; domestic enterprises compete at the grass-roots level and benefit from graded consultations, total equity/flow (million shares)
Policy continues to drive, private inspection agencies develop and grow. Total market value/flow (millions) (3) Import substitution: national production technology is becoming more mature and the cost of reagents for mainstream projects is lower than foreign capital.
Up to 12 months/lower 30-50 per cent; in the context of health insurance costs, the impact of “value for money” on hospital reagent procurement has increased to promote import substitution in high-end markets.
On the whole, the chemical light segment of the market is wide and fast, plus the downfall of the national production terminal and three-quarterly reviews: q3 revenue ends remain at 34 per cent import substitution, and we believe that top firms are expected to grow at a compound rate of more than 30 per cent over the next three to five years.
What's the point at the heart of the new industry?
(i) Product performance: with regard to instruments, the single machine model has grown by 40 per cent from the small machine x 3 and the hypervelocity machine x 8, from the new crown reagent export-led performance, from modular ma to tla solutions that meet the needs of different clients in all their aspects;
Business strategy shift to mid-end and high-end markets 2 Reagents, self-produced core microball materials control cost and quality, using abei directly - 2020/08/22
Marked luminous technologies improve reagent stability, with 136 menus of “Special Projects + Regular Projects” in full, with oncology, karma leading domestic counterparts and infectious disease projects ready for launch. (2) Industry status: As of the end of September 2020, the cumulative load of chemical luminators in the country was close
One hundred million yuan, of which we expect to earn about 722 million from the sale of chemically luminous reagents, is in the lead among the country's immune-discussion manufacturers. (3) Marginal changes: the company covered 690 level-III hospitals in mid-2020, or 0.5 years more.
There has been a significant increase in 59, seven more than the previous average of 0.5 years; we believe that the company ' s accelerated increase in the number of large-scale terminals in the country is due to the use of high flux instruments: in the third quarter of 2020, the proportion of high-speed luminous instruments 4000 p. and sales of x 8 as a percentage of sales of domestic luminous instruments rose to 52.52 per cent.
New industries: National chemical luminous leading companies, accelerated expansion of opportunities abroad, with the company ' s relatively high share of small low-speed instruments, their predominantly marketed rather than placed instruments, and relatively low detection of special projects in hospitals, generating about 180,000 reagent sales per year driven by single instruments.
Meta/ table, except for the annual output of a single machine after the active instrument, which is about $200,000 per station, which is larger than that of a peer company. Large end-user ratio following the launch of the high-speed maglumix8, high-end model of sales to be linked to reagent orders, eight tests at the top of the operation, etc.
The general item menu is complete, and we believe that the average annual output of the company's chemical luminous immunology analysis instrument is, in addition to the current import replacement dividend in the domestic market, the logic of the company's longer-term growth is that (1) market profile: the global ivd market is close to $70 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of about 4 per cent:
The annual compound increase in income from immunization diagnostics was about 10 per cent, so the ratio of income from the vd operation rose year by year: the economically developed regions of North America and Western Europe grew at only a single-digit rate and emerging economies grew at a new point of growth of more than 10 per cent.
Annual sales were about $343 million, leading domestic counterparts, and the combined growth rate of the last three years has expanded further: in the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved a new coronary anti-testing income of $299 million and increased the income from overseas operations by between 182 and 693 million dollars; and chemical development was achieved.
The sales of light devices were close to 1,500, with a cumulative sales volume of nearly 7,600, and the sales of 2000p increased significantly over the same period of comparison, and we expect that the share of large aircraft sold abroad will continue to rise, thereby contributing to the revenue from single-site sales.
The risk of increased competition, higher-than-expected risk of price reductions, less advanced research and development than expected, the risk of volatility in overseas markets, and the continued impact of the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic. New industries: domestic chemical-lighting leading firms, accelerated expansion of opportunities abroad
New industries: national chemical-lighting leading firms, accelerated expansion overseas: domestic chemical-lighting leading firms, accelerated expansion overseas: domestic chemical-lighting leading firms, accelerated expansion overseas.
I. Corporate profiles: pure chemical radiators, leading the way in breaking the foreign monopoly (i) the development journey: the pioneers of domestic chemical luminators, breaking the foreign capital monopoly on broken technologies, and the new industry, which has been focusing on the chemical luminous diagnostics industry since its inception in December 1995.
After 10 years of deep-seated effort, the country ' s first fully automated chemical lumination analyser was successfully developed in 2008 and equipped with a reagent as a closed system, and in 2010 it was put on the market as the country ' s first to establish a direct chemical luminous analysis platform, industrialized companies, and broken the domestic diagnostics of immunization that had been permanently exposed to Rhodes.
With the ability to stabilize bulk production and delivery, the successful expansion of domestic and foreign distribution channels has become a major area of immunization diagnosis.
(ii) Financial profile: 40 per cent increase in gagr, stable at more than 20 per cent in years and 2020 due to the impact of capital market fund-raising on net assets and significant increases in share-paying costs High level of profitability: 80 per cent Māori sales in companies in 2019, significantly higher than those of their counterparts, mainly due to:
(1) The company ' s main product is the chemical light detection system, which at this stage is based on import brands and higher prices in the domestic market, while its counterparts also develop relatively mature enzyme immunisation, biochemical analysis, microbiological diagnostic products, and some proxy operations, which to some extent reduce the overall Māori ratio; (2) the company focuses on developing special clinical tests
Projects, some of which are owned exclusively by the domestic industry, have stronger pricing powers; (3) the volume of reagents sold by companies has increased significantly over the years, and the scale effect has been more pronounced to ensure a higher Māori rate. Moreover, as companies have better control over their costs, net interest rates of up to 46 per cent are ahead of their counterparts.
Figure 5: Roe and roic of domestically listed companies in 2019: Māori rates and net interest rates of domestically listed companies in 2019
Figure 7: Changes in the regional structure of the income distribution of the new industry over the years
Mr. Yong Xin was appointed Deputy to the Financial and Financial Department of the National Committee for Planning for the period from July 1986 to August 1993.
In January 1993, Mr. Xiang led the nanoimmagnetic microball project team, which was successfully developed for the first time to be applied to cell separation, genetic separation and immunization.
New materials for nanoimmagnetic microballs in areas such as quantitative analysis; then led the new industry to combine nanomagnetic microballs, the synthesis of abei luminants, and immunoanalysis techniques to establish a direct magnetic separation chemical luminous immune analysis system.
The annual employee holding scheme, which involved a total of 458 employees, was implemented in 2020, with a restrictive equity incentive scheme of 6.078,000 restricted shares awarded to 412 incentive recipients, and an increase in business income for the period 2020-2022 compared to 2019, motivated to mobilize the company's core team.
New industries: National chemical-lighting leading companies, accelerated expansion of opportunities overseas II. Product advantages: instruments, reagents, high-speed machines, infectious disease detection (i) instruments: from x 3 to x 8, ma to tla, comprehensive customer demand
A variety of types of instruments that meet the needs of a wide range of clients The company is focusing on maximizing the main industry by introducing instruments adapted to the needs of its clients, including low-speed desktop instruments such as m600, m800, m2000 for smaller hospitals below level II, and m4000, m4000p
(a) High-speed landing large-scale instruments for level III hospitals, third-party independent medical laboratories, etc. The company recently launched a new maglumix3, covering less than 0.68 m2, a test speed of 200 t/h, which provides easy access to a wide range of basic hospitals, subdistrict hospitals, small and medium hospitals, specialist hospital laboratories, etc., and meets their testing needs;
It is integrated into the new generation of abs (allbalancedandstrange), where balanced excellence emerges from the same type of instrument, and is expected to take on other low-speed markets such as m800, m2000 and m2000p.
The establishment of a universal health-care system, the release of a large number of medical needs, the increase in the number of patients at all levels of hospitals and the increase in specimens have created a strong demand for high-throughput and efficient chemical luminous immune analysis products. In 2019, the company launched a pole product, Maglumix8, which is a global leader in many instrument performance indicators:
(1) More than 300 sample locations, 42 reagent slots, detectable 136 projects with a content load that supports 2,800 tests and 5 hours off-board (one-time loading of 576 tip heads, 2912 response cups); (2) Quick: single aircraft with a maximum speed of 600t/h (equivalent to 3-4 tables or a stream of water) and on-line speed measurement
New industry: National chemical luminous lead industry, accelerated expansion of opportunities overseas up to 2400t/h, 15 minutes for the first result; (3) good: low instrument failure rate ( "zero failure" service concept), real-time monitoring (over 200 sensors), so
Rehabilitation of impairments: (4) Province: Space (80 per cent savings), Time (50 per cent savings), Cost (tip first infusion), Manpower (5) Premium: Repetitiveness (down to 3 per cent in batch cv, well above industry standards 5-10 per cent) and Elimination of cross-contamination
(one-time tip head), stereo surrounding the temperature-resistance technology. 3. Automation trends: from modularization to tla solutions, further upgrading of product service capabilities. Testing of current water lines helps to improve detection speed, reduce manual errors and cross-infection, and control human and material consumption.
Ben, this is the trend in the equipment of the hospital testing department and the clinical laboratory. The international ivd stream continues to enter the domestic market, and we expect the current stream to be about 2,000, out of which four are more than 90%; conservatively measuring the market space is more than 3,000.
In addition to the launch of modular products such as Biolumi 8000, the company launched a complete automated whole-of-the-satlars-tca laboratory solution in cooperation with Samir Air in the second half of 2019, and a laboratory-wide self-motivated stream (maglumix8+labospect008as) in partnership with Yokoki in 2020, significantly improving the end-testing efficiency.
Increased number of large-scale end-users, increased reagent revenues from single instruments, pre-empted the full-laboratory automation of the current-line market. New industries: domestic chemical-lighting leading companies, accelerated expansion of opportunities overseas
(ii) Reagents: oncology, karma, leading domestic counterparts, communicable disease projects ready for launch, based on the closedness of fully automated chemical luminous immune analysers and ancillary reagents, usually sold by instruments
A model that drives reagent sales and upgrades sales revenue generated by customer reagent purchases after installation. According to data from Chart 3: Changes in the income structure of the new industry, the sales of reagents increased from 55 per cent in 2012 to 79 per cent in 2019.
Core raw materials: automagnetic microballs, effective control of costs and quality As opposed to stationary antibodies or antigen carriers such as plastic sheets, plastic balls, and nylons, immunomagnetic microballs are easily and steadily suspended in the solution, providing a homogenous immune response process that improves the response efficiency of biological molecules;
The magnetic field can quickly be separated from the solution and become the key separation material of the chemical luminous immune analysis system. The company has acquired full access to nanoimmagnetic microball preparation technology, which was invented in August 2016, and currently allows for the development and production of different types of magnets, with millions of value, for the chemical luminous immunology analysis project.
Magnetic instrumentation and analysis controls the particle size, iron content, base content, non-specific adsorption, etc. of magnetic microballs. Most nationally and some internationally renowned in vitro diagnostic companies buy nanomagnetic microballs out of the country, while companies produce home-grown microballs that help to reduce dependence on suppliers and further reduce costs, as well as control product stability.
Chemical light can be divided into indirect chemical light, direct chemical light, electrochemical light.
The compounds are used as light markers, sodium hydroxide and dioxygen water as a typical direct chemical immune analysis system. Direct chemical light reduces the environmental impact of marking enzymes, and reagent stability is better than traditional indirect chemical light.
New industries: National chemical luminous leading companies, offshore opportunities to accelerate expansion, companies using autonomously developed microballs with supermagnetic, high function base mass, low non-specific microballs as a system separation material, highly efficient luminous abei as an immuno-reaction tracer, and antigen anti-supplier union technology.
To provide a sound material and process base for the company's chemical photoimmun analysis reagents, with high sensitivity, high precision density, broad linear range, low interference, etc. 3 - testing project: special + routine, 136 menus complete, tumors lead, infectious disease ready to start
As a chemically luminous leader, the company ' s two-step strategy to break the foreign monopoly on technology: (1) First, differential competition, with dozens of special projects that foreign brands do not have and are in urgent clinical need (i.e., firms customize research and development at the request of large domestic and foreign medical institutions, usually large domestic and foreign medical examiners).
New industries: National chemical-luminous leading firms, accelerated expansion abroad) avoid positive competition with FDI and are well received by large domestic and foreign health-care institutions. (2) As products are fermented and the criteria for setting up foreign non-project-related projects are developed, they are becoming embedded in custom-made projects.
To develop its own endpoints in conventional projects (the routine project is a clinical test that can be carried out by small or medium-sized clinical institutions and is available from the major imported brands in this field). In the chemical light-testing market, conventional projects such as oncology, infectious diseases, magnesium, hormones, etc., account for more than 70% of the share, heart signs, metabolites, anaemia, etc.
Figure 16: Comparison of the types of reagents used by chemical-luminous plants in some countries
(1) Oncology markers: The market share of the most important chemically luminous immunology analysis is more than 20%, and the domestic market is extremely competitive. In the early years, domestic manufacturers were less involved, mainly large foreign medical devices such as Rhodes competed, and companies obtained a share of the market on the basis of pre-emptive advantages.
As many as 20 oncological screening menus in the new industry, in addition to alpha protein (afp), carcinogens (cea), regular sugar antigens (ca15-3, ca19-9, ca12-5), special projects such as ca50, ca72-4, ca24-2, cyfra21-1, scca, in addition to polythermal antigens (tpa), prostate acid phosphate enzyme (pap), phantomy poles
In 2019, 477 million yuan was generated from the sale of oncological marker reagents, significantly higher than (2) thyroid function: about 20% of the major chemical luminescent immuno-analysis projects were marketed. The number of new industry inspection projects exceeded 10, leading domestic counterparts.
Special projects such as thyroid function 5 (thyroid hormone tsh, serum triiodine alamine 3, serum thyroid t4, blood, serodine from triiodine alamine ft3, serodine from tetraiodine amino acid ft4), thyroid hormone receptor (trab), anti-triodine thyroid americ acid (rt3), etc.
New industries: National chemical luminous lead companies, overseas to seize opportunities to accelerate expansion (tma) are distinctive. In thyroid function 5, thyroid hormones are extremely low in human serums, and they are very sensitive to detection devices.
Sensitivity, especially with regard to signal differentiation in low-value areas, is extremely high; if the base values in the detection system are too high ... it can cause significant disruptions in the detection of low-value areas, so the tsh sensitivity is often used as a criterion for assessing the sensitivity of the detector. According to the results of the screening review of the sixth batch of nationally produced medical equipment, the latest instrument in the new industry is tsh.
In 2019, the sales of thyroid reagents generated $224 million, or more than other domestic counterparts. (3) Cardiovascular and myocardial markers: market heights for chemical light testing, new industries, Myri, and Antudu.
Four heart muscles, plus a2 (lp-pla2) phosphorus enzymes associated with fat proteins, super-sensitive calcium protein i, among other special color items in the new industry. The fifth generation of highly-sensitive calcium proteins is the gold test for acute myocardial infarction, and traditional calcium proteins are unable to detect changes in the serum calcium protein levels of patients with heart infarctions at low concentrations, with low variability and even partial exposure.
The current negative results delay diagnosis and treatment; while the sensitivity of the highly sensitive calcium protein is 100 times that of the traditional calcium test, it detects lower serum calcium protein levels, helps to stratification the patient ' s risk factors, distinguishes acute heart infarction from non-acute heart damage, and provides early diagnosis and timely treatment.
In the early diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction, more common calcium proteinst and biochemical indicators such as mysiomeric proteins and mycro-acid hormones (ck) have significant advantages. (4) Detection of infectious diseases: the most important detection projects are the eight pre-operative tests (including hepatitis B-5, hepatitis C, AIDS, AIDS, etc.).
As a result of the company’s previous incomplete project certificate, the share of reagent revenue has been no more than 5%; eight certificates have now been completed, and we believe that the infectious disease project is expected to achieve a higher rate of increase than the overall reagent in the coming years.
iii. Sales point: domestic share of imports, overseas expansion through the epidemic Domestic market: instrumentation share of imports, with an average annual rise in single production 1. Market profile: technological advantage + terminal sinking + import substitution, national production chemical luminous glimmers of wind
(i) Technical advantages: excellent performance, technological substitution; immuno-diagnostics are tested for trace substances in the samples through antigen antibodies combined reactions. Due to their high sensitivity and low error rates, they have grown faster in recent years, with the share in the vd market rising from 29% in 2012 to 2017.
Among them, chemical photo-immunological analysis techniques have systemic advantages in terms of linear breadth, stable results, good safety and long-term use, which have completely exceeded other methods of immunization in their performance, thus becoming the mainstream of immunization diagnosis, replacing qualitative/semi-quantified products such as enzyme immunisation. We expect China ' s 2019 chemical-luminium market regulations.
The model is 25-30 billion yuan (out-of-plant calibre) and the rate of income growth is around 20 per cent (almost higher than the public hospital inspection revenue (2) end-down: faulty competition, power gap market high, but relatively high quality requirements, relatively low price sensitivity, basic matching)
Foreign-financed products. And Level II hospitals, some level I hospitals, and private-sector testing facilities also meet the threshold for the allocation of chemical luminous immune analysis systems, but are constrained by financial pressures and motivated to seek complementary/substitutes at a higher cost, thus becoming ideal customers for domestic manufacturers in the bud, competing with foreign brands.
The new industry, the Antobi and the Merry Medical Care industry, leading domestic firms, actively sinking channels and opening up empty markets, thus achieving rapid growth, with the country as a whole growing chemical light income of over 40 per cent; and long-term benefits from the new industry: the domestic chemical light leading industry, which has accelerated the expansion of opportunities abroad.
Continuing progress in the policy of first-level consultations, the prevalence of private inspection agencies and their ability to grow. Chart 22: Our chemical luminous pattern of competition in 2019, large import-substitution (3) Import substitution: taking advantage of windstorms, high-end hospitals
At the end of the chemical light supply, the four cities of “Royabesi” account for more than 70%, the foreign brands as a whole for more than 80%, and individual domestic firms for less than 5%. The basic monopoly on foreign goods creates a situation in which the price levels of the products studied for light detection are high.
As the price system for imported products is significantly higher than for domestic products, there is increasing pressure: the cost of terminal tests is revised downwards from year to year, the price difference between imported and domestically produced reagents is eliminated, and so on. In an environment of increasing health insurance costs, the impact of “value for money” on hospital procurement of reagents is increasing. Moreover, national policies are encouraging.
Import substitution, with some regions offering quantitative targets from the point of view of national production rates, with the prospect of increasing the movement of hospital purchasing countries' product plates Chart 25: National chemical luminous systems at an average annual test cost of half of imported products National luminous chemicals
Import chemical luminous new industry: the domestic chemical luminous lead industry, which is taking advantage of the opportunities to expand more rapidly overseas, overall, chemical luminous market space (market size 25-30 billion) and rapid growth (industry growth)
In-depth report of the In vitro Diagnosis Industry Series: Chemical Lighting of National Productions by Wind Waves.
(1) The end load is a national leader, ensures the scale of reagent sales, and, as a precursor to the national production of chemical light, the company has set up a nationwide marketing network, fully automated chemical luminous analysis instruments and reagents have entered hospitals, medical screening centres and FP centres at all levels in most of the country's provinces and municipalities.
By the end of September 2020, there were almost 7,800 domestic chemical luminous instruments, nearly 1,000 more than by the end of 2019, leading the country’s diagnostics of immunization. The increasing load provided a steady guarantee of the scale of reagent sales, and companies sold domestically in the first three quarters of 2020.
The sales revenue is 873 million yuan, of which we expect the proceeds from the sale of chemical luminous reagents to be around 722 million, with high levels in the domestic immune industry. With the increase in end loads, the increase in the number of tests, and the sale of new reagents, it is expected that the revenues from reagent sales will continue to increase.
Figure 26: Accumulated loads of domestic head luminous enterprises Chart 27: New loads per year in domestic head luminous enterprises New industries: National chemical luminous leading companies, accelerated expansion of opportunities overseas
Figure 28: Changes in income structure and rate of increase in the national territory of the new industry
Level III hospitals: the number of hospitals covered by the company was low, 907 in 2019, mainly due to the fact that the high end market is dominated by import brands and that the market share of the country’s product plates is low.The number of hospitals covered by the company’s level III hospitals at the end of 2019 was only 22 more than in mid-2017 (22 more in 1.5 years).
However, the number of level-III hospitals covered by mid-2020 was 59 more than at the end of 2019 (59 more in 0.5 years), and the number of hospitals covered by the 3-A hospital reached 690 and the 3-A hospital reached 45.5%. We believe that the company’s increase in the number of large-scale terminals in the country was due to the high-throughput fully automated chemical immune analysis system, Maglumi.
The roll-out of x8 and it is expected that coverage will continue to accelerate with the gradual release of x8 (4000p for high-speed luminous devices in the third quarter of 2020, with sales of x8 accounting for 52.52 per cent of domestic sales of luminous instruments, a slight increase from 50 per cent in the first half of 2020).
Level II hospitals: By the end of 2019, companies covered 1848 level II hospitals, with 19.5% coverage, and there is much room to do. We believe that in the future, coverage of level II hospitals will be increased mainly through the introduction of Maglumix3.
Level-I hospitals: companies covered only 320 level-I hospitals by the end of 2019, with 2.9 per cent coverage, mainly because of the low rate of chemical light detection equipment at level-I hospitals. Ungraded hospitals include FP systems, basic hospitals, private medical institutions (e.g. private hospitals, third-party inspections).
The company, on the one hand, has taken the initiative to identify new clients and, on the other hand, has actively participated in tenders for the provincial FP system, grass-roots hospitals, covering a total of 2,775, with 25.7% coverage.
(3) Large client + high-end machine + large project, with an annual average output expected to increase The company generates annual reagent sales revenue of about $180,000 per year from single-stage instruments; considering the fact that some of the instruments are too long to be used, the old instruments are replaced by new instruments, etc., unless the activity instruments produce single-machine output in the following years.
200,000 yuan per station. Given the company’s relatively high share of small, low-speed instruments, the fact that they are mostly sold rather than placed, and the relatively small number of special project tests in the hospital, the average annual output is higher than that of the company’s counterparts.
We believe that the average annual output of the company’s chemical luminous immune analyser is expected to increase rapidly. The new industry: the domestic chemical luminous lead industry, which has accelerated the expansion of opportunities overseas.
New industries: National chemical-luminous leading firms, accelerated expansion of overseas opportunities (ii) Overseas markets: further expansion of the epidemic, upgrading of medium-sized instruments, market profile: immunization diagnostics are growing faster than the ivd market, emerging economies are emerging as new growth points
The global in vitro diagnostic market is close to $70 billion, with a compound growth rate of around 4% per year. Among them, Rover is the most globally representative, leading the market with a 20% share.
By region, North America and Western Europe are the main markets for vd, which together accounted for about 64 per cent of the global market in 2018, while the relatively well-developed regions of this economy are expected to grow at a rate of around 1 to 2 per cent in the future; by contrast, the relatively large population base, the high economic growth rate and the continued growth of health-care inputs in emerging economies, such as BRICS, have become new in recent years.
New industries: National chemical luminous leading enterprises, accelerated expansion of opportunities overseas, corporate advantage: further expansion of the epidemic, medium-sized instrument ratio likely to contribute to reagents (1) customer base, further expansion of the epidemic, medium-sized instrument ratio expected to contribute to reagents
By the end of 2019, the new industry had more than 220 overseas dealers in 143 countries and territories in Asia, Europe, the Americas, Africa and Oceania, and had accumulated deeper market reserves in the field of in vitro diagnosis; sales in 2019 were about $343 million in leading domestic counterparts.
Over the last three years, the combined growth rate has reached 24.21%, forming the strategic layout of “Shenzhen-based, radiation-based global.” The company’s rapid response to the outbreak in the country’s new crown, which was successfully developed in early February, led to the development of new chemically luminous coronary viruses, 2019-ncovigm and 2019-ncovigg anti-test kits, and the completion of European Union regional access.
After the outbreak, new coronary tests were sold in countries with severe epidemics, such as the European Union and the Americas, thanks to a mature marketing network established by companies abroad and a solid customer base. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved a new coronary, with $299 million in income from anti-testing agents, an increase of $18238 million to $693 million in revenue from overseas operations.
Nearly 50 per cent of operating income; close to 1,500 chemical light instrument sales and about 7,600 cumulative sales; new industry: leading industry in the country's chemical light industry; accelerated expansion of overseas capacity; Figure 41: Comparison of income from overseas areas of the country's head immuno-diagnostic enterprise
(Note: Due to the abundance of Murray's medical production, this is only a projected chemical light revenue) Small instruments like Maglumi800 are charged separately for the best-selling type and freight costs in the overseas market, and thus the prices for overseas sales and reagent sales driven by single instruments are significantly below the domestic average. However, from 2020 onwards,
Three-quarter sales data show that the sales of medium-sized instruments Maglumi 2000 and Maglumi 2000p increased significantly over the same period, and we expect that the share of large aircraft sold overseas will continue to rise, as will the sales of single instruments.
Figure 43: Comparison of domestic and foreign chemical luminous instruments in the new industry (2) The share of external sales in Asia has stabilized at 40-50 per cent, with Africa ' s largest potential growing at a 45 per cent rate The continent of export sales is Asia, accounting for 47.34 per cent of overseas sales in 2019, followed by South America, Europe, Africa.
The continent accounted for 21.06 per cent, 16.72 per cent, and 13.42 per cent, respectively, of the country ' s distributors, including Rabber, Iran and others, the top five clients, namely, udi, unteddiagnostics industry (Saudi Arabia) and Padinatashkhisiranianco., Ltd. (Iran), all in Asia.
New industries: The country's chemical-lighting leading industry, which has taken advantage of opportunities overseas to accelerate the expansion of distributors; and India, which is the largest overseas seller of companies, has been successful in promoting business development in the region by establishing an Indian subsidiary in 2018, completing product registration in 2019 and assisting Indian distributors to open their markets.
South America: The increase in sales income in 2019 was about 25.96%. Countries such as Mexico, Ecuador, Chile, Brazil, Bolivia, among others, are the main sellers, where companies have more stable and relatively strong regional distributors, and where the company ' s products are gradually growing in local end-of-service medical institutions.
Infiltration, South America’s revenues have been growing faster. Europe: sales revenue increased by about 9.58% in 2019. Countries such as Romania are still experiencing a relatively rapid increase in installed capacity. One African country has established business cooperation with local distributors, a large number of distributors and an increase in overall external sales revenues to Africa.
The rapid growth of the third, first and second largest overseas clients in 2019 contributed more to overall income in Africa than in new industries: domestic chemical-luminous leading firms, accelerated expansion of overseas opportunities (1) The intensity of competition increases the risk that the in vitro diagnostic industry in the country is moving rapidly into the long term from the breeding period
During the transition period, higher levels of profitability in the industry, broad market development space will attract more firms into the industry, and competition in the market will increase further. If firms do not continue to enjoy the advantages of technology, markets, brands, customer trust, etc. within the industry in the future, a strong market competition environment may expose firms to increased competition,
The risk of deterioration of financial indicators, such as corporate profitability and operating capacity, as a result of the capture of a share. (2) The risk of a higher price reduction than anticipated: the difference in the cost of reagent products from factory to terminal is greater than the cost of medicines, and we believe that the initial phase of the price reduction may be in crowding water, but does not exclude the fact that extreme price reductions bring about overall profitability in the industry.
The risk of a downturn. If the terminal price is a cliff break, not a gradual drop, and the flow chain quickly drives double-ticket, instrument/reagent coded faster than expected, it could have a greater impact on industry and companies. (3) R & D progress is less than expected: research, development and production of new products will take a long time.
Basic research, technological process accumulation, high financial input, typically three to five years from establishment, small test, intermediate test (volume production), and listing, with a normal registration cycle of 1-2 years.
(4) Risk of volatility in overseas markets: After years of market layout and expansion, corporate products have been exported to 145 countries and territories in Asia, Europe, the Americas, Africa, Oceania, etc.
(v) Risk of the continued impact of the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic: after the new coronary outbreak in 2020, it has had a significant impact on the in vitro diagnostic industry in China and around the world. On the one hand, there has been a surge in sales of new coronary test products, especially nucleic acid tests.
The high demand for products and antibody tests in countries with severe epidemics has led to the rapid growth of new coronary-related tests. On the other hand, due to the impact of the new coronary disease on the hospital’s regular door emergency, surgical and medical examinations, other routine testing programmes have been constrained, affecting normal growth in the in vitro diagnostic industry.
There is uncertainty about the epidemic, leading to uncertainty about the demand for products associated with new crown testing, and competition for new crowns will increase as industry manufacturers increase the supply of new crowns, as will the impact on company performance in new industries: domestic chemically luminous leading firms, accelerating the expansion of opportunities abroad.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report