The capiai wave, a robust growth cycle in capitai end consumer goods, provides momentum for steady growth in performance. It accelerates penetration from the cloud to the end, drives the consumer electronics industry to upgrade and consume for the future.
The electronics market has created a huge market space. According to statistics, in 2024, the global volume of ai mobile phone shipments accounted for 16 per cent of the total volume of smartphones, and surged to 54 per cent in 2028; in 2025, the total volume of aipc sales will reach 114 million, an increase of 16.5 per cent over 2024, accounting for the total volume of pc shipments.
In addition, the new ai-side product, represented by aai-glasses, is expected to rise in an outbreak, benefiting from the maturity of the ai technology, the ar/vr technology and the decline in hardware costs. The company has built a full-scale view covering consumer goods on the ai-side of the ai-phone, aipc, ai-glasses, etc.
A product matrix that provides dynamic energy for steady growth in performance through rapid technological landing and scale-up through research and development in collaboration with global head clients Production, precision of CBAC consumer goods innovation cycle, use of the oneavary product platform ... to speed up access to the i server, the light module, and the switchboard
The company's active deployment of cloud core equipment, such as a local server, promotes cooperation between the Xiao An Park and front-line servers and odm manufacturers at home and abroad to achieve rapid growth in the company's server industry, while accelerating the construction of the Thai Park, which was launched in May of this year.
Production and start of product certification and sampling, with some product volumes expected by the end of the year. In addition, based on the technical advantages of the oneavary platform, the company promotes the layout of the light module and switchboard, which is the highest/minimum price in 52 weeks.
Instead of aiming at the 800g/1.6t module upgrade window, the company ' s slp product will be pushed into the relevant product and will be placed on the side of the ai pipe.
email: wuwenji@cnpsec.com The data used in this report are based on information that we believe is now publicly available and that, through independent judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective and fair, and the findings of the report are not shared with other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.