Technology-client-capacity trio, cap-side-ai wave Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) April 9, 2025, Pond Holdings Annual Report 2024, achieved by the company in 2024
Operating income increased by 35.14 billion yuan, or 9.6 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of 3.62 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 1.65 billion yuan over the same quarter, an increase of 0.4 per cent over the same period, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same quarter, a net profit for the mother of 1.65 billion yuan over the same period, an increase of 14.1 per cent over the same period, an increase of 38.3 per cent over the same period, and a deduction for the single quarter.
• Technology-customer-productivity trio, tidal waves at the end of the scale The sustained recovery of the global economy in 2024 combined with domestic policies such as the exchange of old and mobile phone subsidies
Compared to the trend of 300 deep, corporate prices contributed to the recovery of demand in smartphones and consumer electronics markets, supporting the growth of company performance in the short term, resulting in a positive increase in corporate earnings in 2024.
The reason for this is that the financial cost is expressed as a positive gain of $490 million, resulting in higher profit growth than income. In the medium and long term, the ability of ai to accelerate penetration from the cloud to the end, driving the upgrading of the consumer electronics industry, provides incremental space for future consumer electronics markets.
In 2024, the global volume of ai cell phone shipments accounted for 16 per cent of the total volume of smartphones, and by 2028 this share will increase to 54 per cent, with a composite annual growth rate of 63 per cent. And the forecast for aipc '2025 is more than 100 million, or 40 per cent of the total volume of pc, and 205 million by 2028.
The new ai-side products represented, benefiting from the maturity of the ai technology, the ar/vr technology and the decline in the cost of hardware, are expected to grow rapidly. Companies, with their technological accumulation in the high-end pcb area over the years, as well as smartphones and consumer electricity, are expected to grow rapidly.
Submarket deep farming has built a full-scale product matrix covering consumer goods on the end of the ai cellular phone, aipc, ai glasses, etc. The rapid landing of technology and scale production through research and development in collaboration with global head customers, relying on the three-pronged "Technology-Customer-Expert" competitive advantage, precision and cascai.
The end consumer product innovation cycle provides dynamic energy for steady growth in performance. At the same time, the company aims at the 800g/1.6t light module upgrade window, pushing the company ' s slp product into the relevant product and connecting the ai pipe side product layout.
1. The three-quarter period was marked by the expectation that the aiphone 2.
3. Consumer electronic recovery, where one leads to new demand for pcb Market recovery is not as expected; market competition is increasing; large customers are not as advanced as expected; level of tariff impacts Capitalization, Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Fund, etc., has eight years of buyer investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.