Rapid growth in revenue in battalion 2025q1 with a large ali terminal/car/server space, abdominal holding (002938.sz) 30/04/2025
• Rapid growth in the 2025q1 battalion, with a slightly lower-than-expected profit growth rate, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. On 30 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2025. q1 in 2025, the company achieved a revenue of 8,087 million.
The increase of $5.471 million is related to factors. The company's performance of 2025q1 is slightly lower than market expectations, but we believe that, with the continued improvement of the new aircraft-type and ai functions of the major clients in the second half of the year, the company's performance is expected to double in the second half, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
● Precision card end-of-the-post tidal wave, consumer electronic terminal innovation, driving the pcb up in value, with the generation of ai permeating from the cloud to the terminal, the consumer electronic equipment represented by mobile phones will rise to a new level, with global ai cellular output as a proportion of smartphones in 2024, according to Canalyst projections
By 16%, it is expected to rise to 54% by 2028. The continued penetration of the end-sideai will result in increased demand for consumer electron pcb, and the volume of single machine value will continue to grow.
The company, as the leading global consumer electronics pcb, precision calcai end consumer goods innovation cycle, continues to invest in technology research and development and is expected to continue to benefit from the i-end wave in the future, in line with the upgrading of large client aircraft.
• Continuous expansion of areas such as automobiles/servers/light modules, domestic and foreign capacity to release long-term growth space, while building a leading edge in the ai-side field, companies are actively deploying cutting-edge technology, promoting innovation in the direction of pcb towards high precision density, high frequency high speed, high reliability, and continuing expansion of cars, servers, light modules, etc.
In the area of i-server, the company achieved a rapid increase in revenue in 2024, actively working with Tierl clients to promote the design and development of the next generation of products. In the area of automobiles, the product of the company's radar algorithms, domain control panels, and the product of the auto-radar high frequency (HF) was produced in an average volume in 2024, together with a number of domestic Tier1 manufacturers.
In the field of light modules, companies are working on 800 g and 1.6 t - corporate information update report.
The upgrade window, the slp product was successfully cut in and pre-positioned 3.2t products. In 2024, work began on the high-level hdi and slp projects in the company's 3nd Park, with the high-end soft-board production of small quantities in the high-end Yoo Park, and the Thai park will produce small quantities in the second half of 2025. With the continued release of domestic and external production, the company has new business.
“Breaks of 2024o2 so as to keep up with rapid growth and open the space for long-term growth.