Year 2024: Performance met expectations, looking at a double growth trend at the end of the ai+ folding screen  high-speed growth in consumer electronics, 90 per cent increase in automobiles/servers over the same period.
In 2024, the company achieved operating income of $24.236 billion in smartphone-based communication boards, an increase of 3.08 per cent; the consumer electronics and computer panels generated operating income of $9.754 billion, an increase of 22.30 per cent over the same period, of which the share of revenue for the products at the end of the ai was over 45 per cent.
The pcb product business achieved sales revenue of $1.025 billion, an increase of 90.34 per cent. The company was on the cutting edge of technology, with products such as multifunctional dynamic and complete module/new antenna module/space telecommunications board/high-speed operating ai, and continued to grow in 2024 in response to the demand for high-level hdi and slp products from the ai and smart car.
The company’s capital expenditure is expected to be $5 billion in 2025, continuing to expand capacity, and demonstrating the company’s confidence in future markets. The era + folding screens, looking at the slp and fpc poles.
The company, as the leader of the slp and fpc, is expected to benefit from two major trends: one side and the fold screen.
The slp product, which is expected to move further up the value chain in size and materials as chip performance increases. (2) Fpc's folding advantage is indispensable for internal connectivity, and will be more effective than a straightboard fpc.
The company, as the core supplier of fpc, will be covered by Punt Holdings (002938), which will benefit from the wave of electronic innovation in consumption from the upwards of performance points.
To move towards a new cycle of growth, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.