Undisclosed equity financing for the construction of Zhejiang petrochemical project Ring Sein petrochemical (002493)
Shares raised up to $6 billion to finance the construction of a 40 million tonnes/year smelting project in Zhejiang, which is proud to accelerate the expansion of the pta-polymer upstream industrial chain, and the Zhejiang petrochemical project, which is to be built in Zhejiang Shan by the Pyrochemical Holdings Group, the Giant Group and others.
40 million tonnes/year refined as one project, with 51% of the funding from the Energetic Chemical Holdings. According to the CEP, the total size of the project was 40 million tonnes/year refined capacity, with 10.4 million tonnes of aromatic hydrocarbons and 2.8 million tonnes of ethylene, with a total investment of about $173.1 billion.
Hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene, the main products of which are aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene, acetylene, polyethylene, polypropylene, gasoline, the unit as opposed to 300 tons deep.
An important initiative to extend the industrial chain. Prior to the injection of assets by listed companies, and the funding needed for the construction of this non-publicized equity fund-raising project, companies will in the future develop more than 40 million tons of refining capacity, reaching around 12 million tons of benzene production, which will not only fully guarantee the company's pta production self-sufficiency, but also
It will fill a huge gap in the domestic market. At present, we have a total capacity of 43,850,000 tons of pta, which corresponds to 28,72 million tons of benzene, while at present we have a combined capacity of only 13,92 million tons of benzene, with a capacity gap close to 15 million tons, and the Zhejiang petrochemical aromatic aromatic project will in the future fully satisfy the domestic downstream pta.
At the same time, the company already has the experience of operating 1.6 million tons of gold petrochemical plants in Ningpo, the largest single aromatic aromatic device in the country, and it is expected that the Zhejiang petrochemical project will be launched and run more smoothly in the future.
However, the company insisted on a hedging strategy for the operation of the product, locking in the price of the product and maintaining a better level of profitability in the first half of the year when the company’s pta product was not profitable for the same industry; the prices of dty/poy/fdy for the first half of 2017 were $9,710, $8,058 and $8,469 per ton, respectively, compared to last year.
Ten thousand tons, we believe that the company’s performance in the first half of the year will benefit significantly from the warming of the “pta-polyester” industry. Thirdly, profit forecasts and the risk of a sharp fall in pta prices proposed for investment, and the risks associated with the Zhejiang project’s implementation, have fallen short of expectations.
I'm a biochemical weekly, 2010710: Detergent industrial chain, up and down again with crude oil.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping Ocean Securities Institute, first author of 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Democratic Securities Institute, April 2017 Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In April 2015, research in the basic chemical industry was carried out at the Shanghai Transport University. In May 2017, he joined the Human Resources Institute Chemical Team. More research was done in the following sectors: pvc, rubber and other bulk products and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardant, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.