An evaluation report on Pyrochemicals (002493) is intended for additional investment in petrochemicals, and the private purified dragons are flying.
Shen Xiaogen issued a public release plan for 2017.  6 billion additional funds are proposed for the petrochemical project: the number of shares that the company intends to issue publicly does not exceed its total equity.
20% of the total amount raised is no more than $6 billion, and the price is set for the first day of the release period. The total amount raised is small. The funds raised will be used for the 40 million tonnes/year refining integration project of Zhejiang Petroleum Industries Ltd., which has been approved by the CEDRC, with a total investment of $20.2 billion in one instalment, and is currently under way.
In the construction process, it is expected to be completed by the end of 2018. The company has 51% of the stake in petrochemicals, the first capital, and the company’s ability to finance, and we believe that the project’s follow-up funding will not be a problem.
A one-time integrated refining project based on 40 million tonnes/year of refined oil will become the third largest refinery in the world. In general, more than 30 million tonnes of conventional refineries, deep-hydrocides, and more than 20 million tonnes of deep-hydrocracking plants will be able to combine the use of aromatics and aromatics. To date, the country has not yet done so.
A single refinery can produce more than 30 million tons. The project takes full account of low oil prices in the process configuration, makes it possible to run out of material, process all of ethylene and acrylic deep into downstream chemicals, and is the world's leading in scale and integration.
Compared to state-run refineries, given the project’s advantages in size, process, structure, and cost, we believe that the actual benefits are likely to exceed that estimate. There is no possibility of ironification of the oil to be produced, and North-East Asia’s refining pattern is likely to be re-established: the market is worried about private enterprise.
In addition, attention should be paid to changes in oil refining patterns in North-East Asia, where high-end petrochemicals such as aromatics and aromatic hydrocarbons are currently being used in the country.
There is reason to believe that private refining programs like carbide will have far-reaching implications for North-East Asia’s refining patterns. The two bases of Tokiyama-Ningbo are working together, and petrochemicals are like tigers: in addition to petrochemicalization, the existing Ningbo base is located.
There's no room for growth, and China's gold petrochemicals have the ability to grow from endogenous growth, and the second phase is already planned, according to the public environmental review document. Ningbo is one of the seven large 60 million tons of petrochemical sites planned by the country, with a wealth quota of 20 million tons, with China's gold petrochemicals being the largest in the region in addition to sea refining.
Promisingly, the company is likely to get 20 million tons of the remaining markers.
High material utilization and increased profitability.
The Pyrochemical Assessment Report: The Annual Report is a small advance and 9.5 x, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Beautiful, with a significant increase in the same ring ratio - a summary of company financial statement data projections East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.