The Pyrochemical Assessment Report (002493), which combines to build oil and establish the "two barrels of oil" model, September 29, 2017.
Shen Xiaogen issued an announcement that the holding subsidiary Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. (ZZP) was to co-finance the establishment of Zhejiang Oil Co. Ltd. (ZZP) with Zhejiang Energy Group (ZEG).
The proposed scope of operation includes: crude oil, oil reserves, crude oil, fuel oil, finished oil production and processing, crude oil, finished oil, fuel oil storage, oil trading platform operated in the Toto-Trade area (operated in the ceiling branch): wholesale retail and export-import trade of finished oil; and bonded fuel oil.
Camp; investment in infrastructure such as crude oil, finished oils, fuel oil-aided reservoirs, docks, pipelines and zero-sales points for finished oil: oil trading platform building on the basis of trade zones: management and advisory services related to the oil industry; participation in the exploration and exploitation of oil resources, both within and outside the country. (The law requires approval.)
Prescriptive projects, approved by the relevant authorities, before they can operate) The introduction of petrochemical oil has helped to break through the policy barriers effectively: Zul oil has been set up by the Zulgen Group and the Zulcanization Joint Fund, with a 60 per cent share of funding: 40 per cent, State funds gradually holding shares, registered capital of 11 billion yuan, first-time acceptance.
Three billion dollars, the company will finance its own funds. The oil industry, which covers crude oil, fuel oil, oil storage, logistics, wharfs, wholesale retailing, exports, etc., has strong policy barriers and has not been liberalized from private enterprises in the previous environment.
The two-way hybrid ownership model, the Project for Psychiatry Integration, is expected to effectively break through policy barriers in related areas and address key issues such as the sale of finished oil. It is a powerful force, and it builds a platform for oil supply in the province: Zhejiang is Zhejiang.
State-owned sole-sourced enterprises in the provinces are the most installed, large-scale, energy-sector and profitable provincial energy enterprises in the country, with a total assets of 180 billion and a net assets of 100 billion.
Financial + energy services are two supporting industries. According to the official public of Zulgen Group, the future of zirconium will be built around three core blocks of oil storage trade, fuel oil injections, and the sale of finished oil, with a plan to invest 60 billion yuan over five years to build 10 million tons of crude oil storage facilities and 15 million square metres of capacity.
Oil storage transit facilities, 1.000 km of oil pipelines, 1 million tons of fuel for capacity, and 700 distributed integrated supply stations. More than 8 million tons of oil produced and more than 16 million tons of oil produced in two phases of petrochemical production will provide a stable source of oil for sewing oil.
• Secularization should not be understood simply as conventional private refining: due to institutional constraints, the conventionalization of the hearts and minds of the people 1. Pride petrochemicals assessment report: The semi-annual report is consistent with the image of the ground distillation that gives the market doubts about the future of private refining projects under construction, and we remind investors that
In the future, attention is expected to be focused on two main points - meaning that there is a significant difference between the construction of a few major private-sector refining projects and the Shandong model. In particular, there is a national strategy for the entire industrial chain of oil from the canoe zone, which is integrated with national and provincial government policies.
The Pyrochemical Assessment Report: A strong support for the proposed increase in inputs.
For security purposes. From petrochemical creation, approval to construction, to the establishment of the two-barrel model, there is a large, fast, clear line of thinking, repeated supermarkets and our expectations.
In view of the above background, we do not think it should simply be understood as a conventional people.
Increased growth is due to an increase in the rate of gold and petrochemical start-up - 5. Gorgeous petrochemical evaluation report: the annual report is a small advance.
6. Predicting in a quarterly report that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.