The chemical industry announced a plan for an increase in the construction of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Event: The company issues a plan to raise no more than $6 billion in funds to be used for the 40 million tonnes/year consolidation project phase of Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd., after deducting the cost of distribution.
This launch will not result in a change in corporate control. This increase will contribute to the construction of a full-scale overhaul. 40 million tonnes/year of petrochemicals that companies are about to acquire.
The project is a key part of the company’s entry into upstream refining and the development of an integrated whole-sector system that not only guarantees the safety of the company’s raw materials, but also significantly improves the public sector.
This round will help companies to optimize their asset and liability structure by raising interest costs in the first quarter of the year alone.
There is still much room for improvement in corporate profitability as the industry chain moves into the boom. The company now has pta power, which has a capacity of about 6 million tons, ailing more than 1 million tons of silk and 2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons.
With $3.24 billion in Māori, net annual profits are expected to reach $2.2 billion. Our px is more than 60% dependent on the outside world, import substitution space is vast, and demand for pta and polyesters downstream of px is stable, roughly maintaining a steady annual average growth of 5%, the supply and demand structure as a whole is good, and is expected to remain highly profitable for the next 2-3 years.
In view of the super-profit capacity of px, we believe that the company's probability is to take into account the ability of the company to continue to do a strong px business in the middle of the horse's golden second aromatic production.
2. Pride petrochemicals (002493): performance meets expectations, followed by high profits from aromatic hydrocarbons and industrial chain integration
3. Glory petrochemicals (002493): strong profits from gold petrochemicals, 4. Glory petrochemicals (002493): full reversion of industrial cycles
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.