Pulse petrochemicals (002493.sz)
: Co-financing with Zhejiang Oil and Pyrochemical Holdings Company, Zhejiang Province Energy Group Ltd.
Li Zhejiang Province Oil Co. Ltd. (the final name is based on the approved name of the business register) with a registered capital of 11 billion yuan, including $6.6 billion for the Zheen Group, $4.4 billion for the Zhejiang Chemical Industry Research Group
The Zhejiang oil is designed to operate mainly in storage, docks, and storage of oil such as crude oil, finished oil, fuel oil, etc.
Research assistant: Wei Jiaxuan Operations, Processing, Wholesale Retails, Imports and Exports, Building Oil Trading Platforms in Trade Zones, Participation in the Exploration and Exploitation of Oil Resources within and outside the country.
Important initiatives, such as expanding access to crude oil imports and the sale of finished oils, have helped to digest the relative market performance of stock prices (nearly 12 months) and to petrochemical 40 million tonnes/year of the products of the integration projects.
The Zhejiang Power Group was established in 2001 to work on power generation, thermal power generation, coal circulation, natural gas development and use, energy services and financial property.
ZEP plans to invest in 60 billion yuan yuan in five years, a kilometre pipeline for the transport of oil, a 1 million-ton-capable fuel recharge facility, and 700 distributional combined supply stations. It also plans to set up a pipeline for the sale of finished oil, a storage and distribution system for oil products, and to cover the sale of petrochemicals.
Eight million tons of finished oil production per year, and it is understood that in the same seven free-trade zones, the Nakayama self-trade zone has its own unique direction, focusing on the whole chain of oil production, i.e. the formation of oil through its processing, trade, storage, transport and sale.
This is a major national strategy. Through the establishment of a trading centre for major commodities in the canyon trade zone, Zhejiang will take the lead in promoting the trade in major energy commodities such as oil, coal, and natural gas, with a view to creating in 2030 a market that will reflect the energy economy of Asia and the Pacific.
Social investment behaviour and the energy price of enterprises' productive activities, “Zijiang (Chusan) Index.” Emeritus: Injection, Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings
"Emergency petrochemicals: Elaboration of an increase without considering the contribution of petrochemicals and Zhejiang oil to the performance of the company. We expect that in 2017-2019, $6 billion, and steady progress will be made on the petrochemicals project."
Corporate operating income is $52 billion, $55.4 billion, $59.2 billion, ps 0.65 and Ps.
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the People’s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.