Precious petrochemicals (002493) Warming of the pta polyester industry, with significant six-month growth in performance
The aromatic aromatic-pta-polyester chain is warming up by 10.22 per cent, with a price difference of $354 per ton for raw materials, down by 30.80 per cent from the same period last year, but the company insists on a hedging strategy, locking in the price of the product and making less profit in the same industry.
In the first half of the year, company pta products remained at a better level of profitability; prices of dty/poy/fdy, 8,058 and 8,469 tons, respectively, increased by 19.66 per cent, 22.23 per cent and 18.04 per cent respectively from the same period in the first half of the year 2017, and the difference between the prices of raw materials pta and meg, respectively, increased.
Tons of tons, benefiting notably from the warmth of the “pta-polyester” industry in the first half of the year. Group assets infused. Accelerated expansion of the upstream industrial chain.
40 million tonnes/year refined as one project, with 51% of the funding from the Energetic Chemical Holdings. According to the CEP, the total size of the project was 40 million tonnes/year refined capacity, comprising 8 million tonnes of aromatic hydrocarbons, 2.8 million tonnes of ethylene, with a total investment of about $173.1 billion.
1.4 million tons of ethylene, the main products of which are aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylenes, propenes, polyethylenes, gasoline, mtbe, etc. The domestic supply gap for dibenzene is about 12 million tons, the demand for its existing counterpart is 9 million tons, and the demand for non-productive capacity is 11 million tons in the long term, while the current capacity is only 1.6 million tons, from which it is now produced.
Needs are far from being met, and rapid expansion and strong aromatics are the company’s inevitable choice. By infusing assets, the company’s future capacity for the production of dibenzene amounts to about 12 million tons, which will not only fully guarantee the company’s self-sufficiency in pta production, but will also fill a huge gap in the domestic market.
The risk of a sharp fall in pta prices and the risk that the Zhejiang project will not be carried out as expected.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements for alakelphemhlw del
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Technology, former Director of Chemical Industries, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Office of PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, Taiping, First Author, 2 papers published in the international prestigious Sci journal, and joined the Chemical Corps of the Institute of Civic Securities in April 2017.
Research on the chlor-alkali, pure-alkali, rubber, titanium powder, plywood polyester, new materials, composting fertilizer, and populist sub-sectors has been very detailed, and has been successful in recommending Qi Fengda, Jacques Science and Technology, Dingzhou Pearl, Trilles, Twin Arrows, Norpshin, Singley Union, Chen Yu, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, May 2017.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.