The company's future industrial chain integration is largely in line with expectations.
Events: The company reported a business income of $35.2 billion in the first half of 2017, an increase of 90.2 per cent in the same year; net return profit of approximately $1.1 billion, an increase of 51.7 per cent in the same year, and performance is largely in line with expectations. At the same time, the company provided performance projections, which are expected to return to the parent ' s net profit area in the first three quarters of this year at $1.41.6 billion, an increase in the same year.
The company’s subsidiary, the company’s petro-alkane plant, is based on fuel oil and petrocephalus, which significantly reduces the cost of raw materials and production costs, producing 2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons annually, with the largest single-line capacity worldwide, accounting for about 11.5% of the country’s total capacity in 2016.
Ten months of steady operation, with net profits exceeding $1.6 billion, combined with net annualized profits of nearly $2 billion. In the first half of the year, the net profit from petrochemicals was $750 million, with a slight decline in profits, probably due to fluctuations in the px price difference: the average price difference was $375 per ton in 2016 and $375 per ton in 2017.
The annual price difference has been slightly reduced to $360 per tonne. At present, the demand for px is more than 21 million tons per year. Imports exceed 12 million tons and imports depend on about 60 per cent, so that the supply and demand patterns will remain tight in the coming years, and the profitability of the gold-based aromatic devices will remain stable and there will be room for further improvement.
The company now has a pta equity capacity of about 6 million tons, a scrubbing capacity of more than 1 million tons, and as the supply and demand structure of the pta and elevate industries continues to improve, the profitability of the entire industrial chain has improved significantly. In the first half of this year, the company’s subsidiaries won a net profit on optics.
In the second half of the year, the company’s pta and scavenging filaments will be further improved. The sum of $140 million, after deducting distribution costs, will be spent on 40 million tons/year refining by Zhejiang Petroleum Industries Ltd.
The sum of investment in the project is up to 17.31 billion yuan. The project is being implemented in two phases, with an investment of 90.15 billion yuan, including 20 million tons of refined oil, 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene, which are expected to be completed by the end of 2018;
The second phase of the project, with $82.9 billion in investment and the same capacity, is expected to be completed by the end of 2020. This is a key component of the company ' s entry into the upstream refining sector and the development of an integrated whole-of-the-industry system that not only guarantees the safety of the company ' s raw materials, but also significantly enhances the company ' s profitability and helps the public.
With a billion yuan net profit of more than 20 billion yuan and a pre-tax financial internal rate of return of about 18 per cent of the project, and an economic gain of more than 225 million dollars, this set-up will help companies to optimize the asset and liability structure, reduce financial costs and provide financial security for the further development of the public administration.
1. Premium petrochemicals (002493): release of a fixed increase plan to assist in the construction of a major refining facility in the Ark (2017-07-11) 2. Premium petrochemicals (002493): continue to look at the aromatic aromatic highs.
3. Pride petrochemicals (002493): performance is as expected, followed by high profits from aromatic hydrocarbons and industrial chain integration
(2017-04-18) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.