"Emergency petrochemicals" (002493.sz) "Emergency petrochemicals: proposed to increase by $6 billion and steady progress in the petrochemical project."
The amount of shares issued does not exceed 20% of the total share capital (i.e., not more than 76.3.2 million shares).
Among them, the controlling shareholder's elite shares intend to participate in this issue subscription in cash, not more than $600 million in people's currency, and the locks are regularly issued for 36 months. Other investors lock up regularly for 12 months.
Research assistant: Wei Jiaxuan is located on the Green Fossil base in the canoe, with 51% of the share. The 40 million tonnes/year refined integration project that was built represents 5.3% of the country ' s refining capacity at the end of 2016, with total investment in the project.
The project will be completed by the end of the year. After the project is completed, the company’s operations will be extended upstream, and external dependence on raw materials, such as lime-cerebral oil, will be reduced, further refining the integrated industrial chain of “oil-stone oil-arocarbons-pta-polycre-wiring-pnea.”
Gold petrochemicals has 1.6 million tons of px and 500,000 tons of pure benzene, single-line production can be the largest in the world, contributing 1.63 billion yuan in net profit in 2016, 10 months of operation, or 28 per cent of the total capacity of pta, about 6 million tons of equity, and scavenging filamentary capacity.
1.1 million tons, with some bargaining power. After the decline in the prices of the scrubbers at the beginning of the year, the price of pta-0.655*px rose in June, and the price differential of pta-0.655*px increased.
Precious petrochemicals: Injection, recovery, basic improvements in the pta-detergent industrial chain, expected to enter the weather cycle in the second half of the year.
Without taking into account Zhejiang petrochemical contributions to performance, we expect that in 2017-2019, the process of construction of the company ' s operating income projects will fall short of expectations, international oil prices will fluctuate significantly, and product prices will fall sharply.
Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree from the People ' s University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the seller ' s research industry, the author of the sales team of the Institute of Securities and Securities has been qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.