The semi-annual report meets expectations and focuses on two main points in the future.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2017, which generated $35,201 million in revenue during the reporting period, compared with 90.3 per cent; the semi-annual report on  met expectations, and three quarters of pta significantly improved: the increase in revenue during the reporting period was due to an increase in the rate of work in China and a significant increase in trade in pta: the increase in performance was due to an increase in the rate of work in China and China, and the growth in the long silk industry.
The increase in profitability and hedging gains; the combined Māori rate of 6.1 per cent, a decrease of 4 pcts over the same period, is due to a significant increase in the share of low Māori trading operations, and overall performance is in line with expectations.
The net profit achieved was 750 million, an increase of 10 per cent, and the Māori rate of 16.8 per cent, a decrease of 13.1 pcts, a decline in the same year. The lower than expected profit from q2 aromatic hydrocarbons in the first half of the year was due to three factors: average product prices were higher than in the same period last year, but q1 was low, and diphenyl-pesstocerine oils and pairs were lower.
Diphenyl-fuel oil price differential q2 ring ratio is somewhat narrow (by $20 and $60, respectively), inventories are 100 million, with a ratio of about 70 per cent measured for the camps based on price and production, while 17h1 battalion received $8.83 billion, or about 54 per cent; and 3 is the period cost of medium gold petrochemicals (estimated at Māori minus operating profit) of 620 million
This represents an increase of 100% over the same period, mainly due to higher R&D costs. The average pta revenues this month amounted to $18.94 billion, an increase of 108% over the same period, and we expect that this is due to a significant increase in pta trade associated with a large and large company and a decrease of 1.28% in the Māori rate and 3.4 pcts, a low Māori rate.
As a result of the increase in ease of exchange, the large company lost 41,91 million, Ningbo won $17.2 million and Hainan 61.21 million in single-factor statements, with no significant difference in profitability during the reporting period as compared to the same period last year.It is worth noting that the pta price difference has increased by $200-300 per ton since July and that the pta operation is expected to operate in the third quarter.
The increase in management costs is 64 per cent, which is the result of the increase in the cost of Chinese research and development; a 28 per cent decrease in financial costs, which is the result of an increase in exchange rate earnings; a 166 million non-recurrent gain or loss during the reporting period, of which the hedging gain is $117 million; and a negative operating cash flow, which may be the result of a consumption tax.
Quarterly performance of $350 million, with low guidance, is expected to take into account future plans for the overhaul of gold petrochemicals. The  petrochemicals project will become China’s refining pole: the company proposes to send no more than $6 billion more and the controlling shareholders will subscribe no more than $600 million for 40 million tons/year refining integration in Zhejiang petrochemicals Ltd.
Psychicization is the first in the country to be refined according to a one-time integrated plan of 40 million tonnes/year of refined oil. 1. Precious petrochemical evaluation report: the proposed additional project, with 51% of the company ' s shareholding, will become the country ' s first and third largest refinery.
Semperization, private refining of dragons, now 20 million tons of oil, 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, 1.4 million tons of ethylene are under construction. Project extraction - 20170711
Hydrogen + catalytic cracking + delayed caricature heavy fuel treatment programme, process configuration is economical, well-invested, well-invested, plentiful petrochemical depth report: Injection of fossils, taking into account low oil price status, drying out of material, all of ethylene and acetylene are processed into downstream chemicals.
The project maximizes the production of aromatics, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream deep-processed products and compresses the finished product.
The increase is due to the increase in the rate of gold petrochemicals in China - the scale of oil production, which will significantly reduce the supply gap for aromatic hydrocarbons in the country after delivery, and will lead companies into downstream deep processing such as phenylacetylene, polycarbonate, polyvinyl hydrocarbons, and promote the upgrading of related industries in the country.
4. Predicting the profits from the introduction of a post-natal tax is estimated at $9.7 billion. In contrast to the state-run refinery, we believe that the actual benefits are likely to exceed that level given the project ' s advantages in size, flow, structure and cost.
5. Predictable in the quarterly report
In addition, Ningbo is one of the seven large 60 million tons of petrochemical sites planned by the country, with a wealth quota of 20 million tons.
The synergies between the two bases will further increase material utilization and increase profitability.
10x, we believe that the future of the company is not just about petrochemicals, but also about the potential of the Ningbo middle gold base to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.