The new growth cycle of glass caps is 04/06/06/04.
In the first place, corporate consumer electronics business is vertically integrated, vertically based on assembly, expansion of upstream glass, gold-based structures and modular products, horizontal expansion of new energy sources. Companies are driven by technological innovation at the core, major business continues to improve, consumer electronic basics are growing robustly, smartphones and electricity are growing in 2023.
The smart cabin group achieved operating income of $4,998 million, yoy+39.47%, opening up long-term growth space. Consumer electronics: glass + metal + assembly into a new growth cycle.
The caps dominate the country, working with well-known national and international brands, such as apples, Samsung, millet, etc. The company’s consumer electronics infrastructure continues to spread over the land, horizontally expands new materials such as ceramics, sapphires, and contact sensors, vertically expands downstream assembly operations, exceeding industry averages and getting high customers.
In August 2020, the company bought in cash about 9.3 billion yuan to win the States of Tate and Crete, and set up Blue Sense (Team State) Limited in 2021 to cut into large customer metal structures.
In addition, companies continued to increase their investment in research and development to promote technological innovation. In 2023, companies were granted 2231 patents covering various areas such as processing processes, product testing, equipment development, and new materials.
New energy sources: A lot of car operations. Auto-smart trends in vehicle load screens have increased, with a wide array of dashboards, control screens, stream mirrors, transparent a column, virtual rear-view mirrors, side-driving entertainment screens, back-seat entertainment screens. The smart cabin market space has expanded, driving the vehicle to show the size of the screen market.
Continued growth, Omdia expects the vehicle screen market to reach 238 million by 2030. The company has expanded its vehicle-based glass products and other vehicle-borne products, and has expanded its automobile operations to include power-filling poles, precision metal components of power batteries, etc. In 2023, the company’s new energy vehicle and smart cabin operations became operational.
The Division is a domestic consumer electronic glass sheeting tap, with the assembly business as a catcher, the expansion of upstream glass, metal bindings and modular products, and the horizontal expansion of new energy sources, for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
Markets fail to meet the expected risks. 1 Blues: Building sophisticated manufacturing platforms in the electronics industry 1.1 Development journey: glass caps, full vertical integration drive
Consumption of electronic glass caps, horizontal expansion of vertical integration. Founded in 1993, Lancet first focused on cellular glass panels, gradually expanding its operations to glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals, as core suppliers of smartphones, new energy vehicles, etc., and establishing long-term stable strategies worldwide.
Partnership. At the heart of innovation and vertical integration, the company developed and produced a glass sheet from the design to the production, assembly and assembly of the whole industry chain in the year \triangleright, which was developed and produced for the end of mobile phones.
In 2004, the company started producing V3 phones for Motor Rolades, officially entering the glass manufacturing industry, and the global best-flowing of V3 phones contributed to the rapid growth of the company. In 2006, LanceTech became an apple glass panel supply.
Phase II: Business Extension (2007-2016), 2012, Founding WFL and Lansing \triangleright
Branches focus on the development of fine ceramics and artificial sapphire products. During this period, companies have been increasing their production efficiency and diversifying their products; in 2015, LanthsTech successfully placed its name on the deep-seated business board and opened up new energy vehicles to become a core global supplier in Tesla.
In 2016, the company established the Blues Smart Robotics Ltd., Bluesynchronous and Bluestyrene, which enabled autonomous research and development of the entire production line of smart manufacturing equipment. Phase three: vertical integration period (2017-to-date), 2017, LanceTech set up the Blues puzzle.
In the same year, new materials were set up for the long-salentian state of the country, with a view to wiping out the entire industrial chain of sophisticated ceramic products. The new energy industry injected new growth momentum into the company. In 2019, the company built the Blues system to step up its intellectual manufacturing level. In 2020, it acquired the state of Sino-Thai and Ko under the technology flag.
Litaire, which successfully optimizes the metal business and expands the medium- and high-end consumer electronics architecture business. In 2021, the Lanthérón New Park became a assembler of high-end mobile phones in the middle of the millet, while a conglomerate and saturated merger led to the formation of Blue Sense (Thai State) Limited.
The Division continued to promote efficiency and open-source conservation strategies through the establishment of the Rennes Institute for Innovation to enhance the capacity and automation of research and development, with significant vertical integration results.
1.2 Business structure: Deep-farmed power-removable basics, horizontal extension of new energy operations, vertical integration of consumer electronics, horizontal expansion of new-energy automobile operations. Company deep-farming cellular glass panels, vertically and upstream, active expansion of protective panels, contact control modules, etc., of sapphire, ceramics, metals, plastics, etc.
At the horizontal level, companies move into industrial areas such as new energy cars, and in 2023 new energy cars and smart cabins generate business income.
Four hundred and ninety-eight million yuan, an increase of 39.47 per cent. Companies are deepening their partnerships with new domestic and foreign energy sources and traditional luxury automobile brands, and product orders and revenues continue to grow at a faster pace. Companies have high-quality and stable internationally recognized brand customers in the area of consumer electronics and new energy vehicles, including packages.
Apples, Samsung, Huahua, Mi, Opo, vivo, Glory, Google, Meta, Tesla, Ningde, BMW, Mercedes, Ideas, Viadi, etc.
LanthyTech has a global production base. The company has R & D production bases in Hunan Xiangyang, Changsha county, Xiangdongzhou, Jiang Sutai state, Vietnam, etc., and has offices in Hong Kong, China, Korea, the United States of America, etc. that serve clients around the world to respond quickly and better meet clients in R & D, production and services.
1.3 Equity structure: stable equity structure, incentives for development of programs High concentration of corporate equity structure with actual control over the head of the board, Ms. Zhou Qun Fei and her husband, Mr. Jung Jun-Long, invested through LanthyTech (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Chang Sha Qun-Shin by the end of 2023
Consultancy Limited indirectly holds 62.1% of the shares of listed companies. The stability of the company’s equity structure and the clarity that the operator offers provide a solid basis for the firm’s long-term sound development.
Target groups include directors, senior managers, middle and senior managers of companies and holding companies, and core cadres 1.4 Financial position: a healthy growth of the main business, a continuous improvement in the main business and a growing increase in the profitability of the main business.
(a) The combined effects of rising, increasing R & D projects, new park operations, fluctuations in supply chains, global public health events, electricity restrictions, etc., short-term pressure on company performance, with operating income of $45,268 million, yoy+22.55 per cent; and the combined effects of the parent factor, with the decline in overall consumer e-market demand, resulting in pressure on company performance;
During the second half of 2022, the company took advantage of the traditional boom in the market and actively expanded new businesses, such as new energy vehicles, and earned 3,584 million yuan in new energy vehicles throughout 2022, an increase of 59.41 per cent compared to the previous year, representing significant efficiency gains and sustained improvement in business performance.
2023h1 The global consumer electronics market has not recovered noticeably, corporate fundamentals and smartphones and computer-type operations have experienced steady growth, and new energy automobiles have maintained a higher growth momentum, generating 2.282 billion yuan, yoy+54.98%.q3 e-consumptions are on their way, and large customers have taken on new aircraft and higher crop rates; and, at the same time, the q3 consumption rate has increased.
Automation is driven by efficiency gains, the production of a large number of high-end flagship phones in the complex ' s cellular assembly operations, and the continued growth of new power sources ' automobile operations, leading to a significant recovery in revenue collection and net profits. In 2023, business income was achieved, the consumer electronics base was robust, and the new energy business was growing rapidly.
The mobile phone protection glass camp received 67.49 per cent, followed by new materials and other products, large-sized glass protection and other operations, with operating income of approximately $7,875 million, $6,115 million and $1,190 million, respectively. yoy+17.50 per cent, or 82.40 per cent; new energy vehicles and smart cabins generated operating income of $4,998 million.
Resources are invested and product orders and revenues are growing rapidly.
Smart head displays and smart wears classes, other smart terminal types, large-size protective glass.
Small- and medium-sized protective glass, coupled with the e-consumption season, the company's profitability has continued to recover. In 2018, the consumer electronics market generally fell, industry competition intensified, customers imposed higher demands on product quality and process, and companies produced more.
The increase in the average cost of goods was more marked, as companies responded to market fluctuations, net interest rates and Māori rates in order to maintain their capacity utilization. Technology such as 5g, access to goods, artificial intelligence, etc., grew rapidly in 2020, market demand for consumer electronics was growing significantly, and corporate vertical integration strategies worked.
In 2021, supply chain fluctuations, global public health events, power restrictions led to a decline in gross and net interest rates. In the traditional e-consumption season since the third quarter of 2023, corporate crop activity rose, open-source savings were evident, and profitability continued to rise.
In 2023, marketing, management, and financial innovation built core competitiveness. Companies pioneered a variety of specialized equipment, know-how, industry standards and developed large quantities of glass, sapphire, precision and precision in the consumer electronics and new energy automobile industry.
Core cutting-edge manufacturing technologies, such as ceramics and precision metals, ensure that the technological advantages of companies are growing. In 2023, the Rents Institute for Innovation, which integrates the scientific landscape, strengthens R&D management, improves R&D conversion rates, integrates corporate R&D resources into cost reduction, and continuously promotes corporate enrichment management.
2 Consumer Electronics: Glass+metal+assembly, into a new growth cycle, 2.1 smartphone market warming, glass sheeting processes and value levels continue to rise. According to idc, with global macroeconomic recovery, the global smartphone market is recovering.
With the positive push of Galaxyai, Samsung returns to top 20% of the market share. Apple is second, the city is third with 14% of the market share, and oppo with 12% of the market share.
According to idc, in the first quarter of 2024, the smartphone market in mainland China reheated in two years, and the volume of shipments increased compared to the same period last year.
6.2 per cent, or 69.26 million. Of these, according to Canalyst, China has gone through 13 quarters, regaining the highest market position on the mainland of China, with 11.7 million deliveries and a 17 per cent market share thanks to a series of strong market reactions from mate and Nova.
Glass as a mainstream back-up program is colorful in terms of balancing quality with cost. Smart phone casings contain different materials such as plastics, glass, metals, ceramics, sapphire. The demand for glass, ceramics and other non-metal materials increases over time, compared to signal problems with metal backboards. Glasses are better in quality, electromagnetics, etc.
The shielding effect is weak, coupled with excellent grinding, plastics, and strength, which are superior to materials such as plastics. Ceramics are currently used mainly in smartphones, high-end machines for smart-wearing products, complex processing processes, difficult processing, high cost, glass light weights, so glass is in mobile phones, computers, hands, etc.
Glass covers are important components of consumer electronics. A glass sheet is usually composed of seven layers: conductor, harden, glass, ink, etc. The performance requirements include high intensity, excellent spectrometry, and good resilience.
Characteristics such as sex, injury and hydrologicity. The inner surface must closely match the contact module and display screen, while the external surface needs to be strong enough to protect core components such as the tablet display screen, the contact module, and the marking and decoration of the product.
The glass sheet process gradually overlaps. 2d glass is a plain plain flat glass without any arc design. 2.5d glass is flat in the middle, but the edges have some arc design, which means that the edges are radiated on the basis of 2d glass. 3d glass is designed arc in the middle and on the edges.
To provide a better hand experience, while the 3d curve displays an increased visual area, more in line with the retinal curve of the eye, providing better visual enjoyment for viewing and games. The further upgraded 3.5d glass uses a complex process of bobble, molten glue and cnc sculptation, which is a long process of polishing and coloring of the inner cavity.
The current flow of appearances has shown a truly integrated appearance. 2.2 The advantages of vertical integration are highlighted by the fact that the basic flow into the new cycle of 2.2.1 glass sheeting operations has significant advantages, and patents and production processes have been constructed as barriers.
Upstream is mainly classified as production materials and equipment, with glass panels and heat benders as key material and equipment that have long been monopolized by overseas firms. Upstream industries are largely competitive, and the market is now relatively well supplied.
Downstream applications cover a variety of smart devices, including smartphones, smart-to-use devices, and smart cars. Lancet has a core of glass, leading the industry.
As one of the first industries to develop, manufacture, and massively apply automated equipment and smart manufacturing systems, it is not just the consumer electronics industry.
Leadrs of innovation change, the first to introduce glass screens into high-end smartphones and tablets, to take the lead in the successful application of ceramics, sapphire materials to mobile phones and smart apparel devices, to introduce 3d glass to mobile phones for the first time, to design 143 patents and to obtain 118 software copyrights covering processing processes, product inspections
Companies continue to promote the development and application of innovative aluminium alloy materials and to enhance the development of new materials such as stainless steel and titanium alloys. In response to new demands from customers in the smart car industry, companies upgrade smart cars.
The Ministry of Industry, through increased investment in smart car business, has set up independent research and development, management, and business teams. At the same time, companies have established joint R & D centres with major clients to optimize R & D models and capture industry trends.
With many years of deep-deeping experience, through sustained research and development inputs and efficient research and development innovations, all the key technologies in the manufacture of glass caps, including carving, polishing, intensification, filamentation, plating, heat bends, and testing processes, have been acquired.
The glass sheet business works in depth with well-known brands at home and abroad. The company works in depth with well-known international brand clients, and actively explores new clients, including Apple, Samsung, Mi, Opo, vivo, Hua, Winnie.
In 2022, the share of small-sized and large-sized glass protection camps in the company reached 2.2.2 basic cutting-edge cycles, covering the horizontal aspects of smart manufacturing and whole-engine assembly products: 1) expansion of new materials such as ceramics, sapphire, etc.: June 2012, company and China
The United Ceramics co-invested in the creation of the Bluesweet Federation as a base for the production of ceramic products; in December 2017, the Department established a joint venture with the National Ceramics to connect the entire industrial chain, from raw materials to finished products, for the application of special precision ceramic materials for smart-wearing equipment; and in July 2012, the Bluespoon was established and became autonomous.
Artificial sapphire production and development of sapphire-type products began, with the creation of Xinxia crystallization sub-materials in 2020 and further upgrading of sapphire production capacity; (2) others: in March 2017, the Blue Mind Control was set up to work on the Tactile Sensor Project.
Vertical dimension of the industrial chain: 1) expansion of downstream assembly operations: In 2019, the company began the deployment of smart terminals, and in 2021 became a core assembly provider for high-end mobile phones in the rice sector; 2) Intelligent manufacturing + automation: automation of production equipment started in 2010, established in July 2016
Lance Smart Robots, March 2019, integrated with the creation of the Lance System, achieves a high degree of autonomy in the development, design and volume of all-production lines of smart manufacturing equipment. 3) Upstream materials: October 2018, the creation of the Blues New Materials, with a high internal share of the top 10 major support devices.
Vertically integrates the supply chain and provides a whole-of-the-board assembly service. Since 2021, the whole assembly operation has been expanded, and Xianlanx has become an important development in the whole-of-the-board assembly process, which has reached industry averages, leading by technology such as networking, smart storage, single-swipe flow, full-line automation of production lines and online testing.
In the future, the company will continue to promote automated technology to raise overall production levels and reduce human costs. In the same time, the ability of the odm to assemble the entire machine as a breakout point will be enhanced to extend upstream to achieve vertical integration of upstream parts and components and further increase profitability.
Figure 28: The acquisition of the Lanths technology automation equipment will complete the metal business shortboard and cut into the large-client metal structure system The metal alloying chain covers the areas of metal material extraction, processing and application.
The processing process involves metals such as magnesium, aluminium, zinc, iron ore. The intermediate phase involves the manufacture, processing, formation, and surface treatment of metal molds, which are representative of the medium-sized industry, including Honghai, Kai-Sing, Hua-Fook, Macro, etc. Downstream applications cover the application of almost all lightly thinned products, such as electronics, automobiles, medical devices, etc.
Figure 29: Medium-to-bottom structure of the metal industry Expansion of metalware operations: In February 2017, a blue-sense precision was established, mainly in the development, production and sale of components that consume electronic metals; in August 2020, companies won about RMB 9.3 billion in cash.
In 2021, the States of Tate and Colyte established the Blue Sense Company Ltd., which cut into the top of the metal casings. In 2022, a 27 per cent increase in the same year was recorded, amounting to $14.5 billion, with net profits.3 New energy sources: car operations are more expensive.
3.1 Smartness and entertainment support, vehicle-borne screens, new opportunities, different types of smart car screens than conventional cars. Depending on the functionality of the car screen inside the cabin, the vehicle screens can be divided into driving screens and information entertainment screens, which include dashboards, central displays, and streaming media rearviews.
and transparent a column and virtual rear-view mirrors; the latter are mainly co-pilot entertainment displays and back-seat entertainment screens. 1) Electronic dashboards: provide drivers with assistive driving information such as speed mileometers, speed gauges, water temperature gauges, fuel meters, vehicles, lamps and warning lights to keep drivers informed of the normality of vehicle parameters. 2)
Central monitor: Controlling the air conditioning temperature, audio size, with a certain video entertainment function in the vehicle, with reverse images, navigation, etc. driving aids at the same time. 3) Current media rear-view mirrors: connecting front-and-back vehicle cams, providing car records, navigation, blind spot removal, etc., with drivers gaining a wider view than traditional rear-view mirrors.
4) “Transparent a column” and “electronic rear-view mirrors: expand the scope of the driver's vision and remove the vehicle (a column) from the window position with the effect of visual blindness. Further soundness of the standard regulations and the publication of test standards will facilitate the speed of application of the “transparent a column” and the electronic rear-view mirror. 5) The side-driver and back-deck entertainment monitor:
The smart cabin market space has expanded and the vehicle screen has been very promising. According to Weisenton data, the global smart cabin is expected to grow from $53.9 billion in 2022 to $70.8 billion in 2025, with a compound growth rate of 70.8 billion in 2025.
By 10.4%, by that time, Icvtank expected the size of China ' s smart cabin market to be 100 billion yuan, amounting to 103 billion yuan. The size of China ' s smart cabin market reached 12.7% in 2022-2025, a higher increase than in the global market.
Car-borne screens such as control screens, LCD dashboards, hud, stream-media rear-view mirrors are relatively high; functionally, vehicle-mounted screens are essential terminals and links for drivers to communicate and interact with the cabin and are essential in the cabin system.
The size of the smart cabin is growing. The size of the vehicle screen market is expanding, and the new screen is growing rapidly. According to Globalarket insights, the size of the global vehicle screen market will double from $15 billion in 2019-2025.
30 billion dollars, corresponding to 12.25% in 2019-2025 cagr. According to omdia, the global volume of vehicle screens in 2020 reached 127 million, with controlled screens and dashboards in the second place, with 73.8 million pieces and 46.8 million pieces, respectively, with electronic mirrors and hud ups.
omdia expects the vehicle screen market to reach 238 million by 2030, with the fastest growth in the e-back-view mirrors and hud ups as a new display. Car-load displays are big screens, multiscreens, interactive, complicated, high-cleaning trends.
In addition to the traditional control screens and dashboard displays, a series of new screen products have emerged.
For example, co-pilot displays, back-row entertainment displays, electronic rearview mirrors, and transparency poles; optimize interactive experiences, and design rotateable vehicle-car monitors. Multiple trends will drive the vehicle touch screen industry towards higher water levels, drive innovation and progress across the industry, and enhance the stability, security and reliability of the screen.
3.2 Expanding the layout of the automobile business, opening up new growth points, further expanding car glass products and other vehicle-borne products, with full advantages.
A vehicle smart cockpit and surrounding structures have been developed and produced in bulk for a variety of products, including vehicle-borne controls (structure and function zero and assembly), dashboard components, b-pillars, c-pillars, other smart-barrel screens, vehicle-mounted decorations, body parts, rear-view mirrors, navigation devices, charge posts, etc.
The car industry has grown rapidly, and its performance has continued to expand. The company’s new energy vehicles and smart seat class operations have grown.
In 2023, operating revenues were $4,998 million, representing 9.17 per cent of the company’s total revenues, an increase of 39.47 per cent, and a Māori rate of 15.47 per cent. The fast growth of the Lanthsian motor vehicle business, which accounts for a gradual increase in the share of the company’s business, has led to an increase in technological strength and market competitiveness, opening up a second growth curve for the company’s future development.
Lancet has developed partnerships with more than 30 new domestic and foreign energy and traditional luxury car brands, including Tesla, Benley, Porsche, Mercedes, BMW, Audi, modern high-end smart car manufacturers, and traditional car luxury brands, and it's a very important part of the world.
We have continued to acquire domestic and international branded car customers, such as domestic, ideal, and Biadi. Lanths, in collaboration with customers, covers technology from the whole chain of product supply, and companies have sufficient reserves in the areas of light quantification, electronization, functionalization, environmental protection, and are working with clients on research and development and innovation on an ongoing basis.
The company will continue to expand its product categories in the future, and is now working on modules such as smart cabins, research and development, production controls, dashboards, display screens, b-b, c-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-posts, etc. At the same time, the company is working with clients to optimize and validate new products such as side windows, windshields, skyscreens, etc., and is expected to achieve a single car.
4.1 Prospective profit scenario with business segmentation The global smartphone market continues to be optimistic year by year, with idc predicting a year-round delivery of 1.2 billion items, compared to the previous year, the recovery in demand for downstream consumer electronics and the expansion of new corporate products, new customers, projected incomes and Māori ratios
New product volumes have led to improvements in product structure, and it is expected that corporate smartphones and computer-type business Māori rates will gradually recover Smart Heading and Smart Dressing: In smart Heading Business, components such as company R & D and production have been used in depth for multiple high-end display products, and in 2023 the business is still under study.
On the smart watch business and industry, idc is expected to show an increase of 44.2% in the volume of goods produced by smartheads in 2024, and to wear equipment by 10.5%. The potential for building blocks such as glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, etc. associated with the company is further released.
New energy cars and smart cabins: In 2023, the company ' s new energy cars and smart cabins achieved operating revenues of $4,998 million, an increase of 39.47 per cent. The company has established partnerships with more than 30 new domestic and foreign energy vehicles and traditional luxury car brands, with a continuous optimization of customer structures, and a central control module, instrument surfaces, etc.
New products, such as board, smart b-b and c-pillars, have been certified by more clients and are gradually entering the bulk production phase. The new power cell precision architecture business has rapidly completed R & D, certification, volume production, market share breakthroughs during the year.
The breakup is expected to accelerate growth in the company ' s new energy vehicles and smart class, with other types of smart terminal operations and other operations projected for 2024-2026: the company ' s other business accounts for a smaller share of revenue, mainly as the company ' s marketing and management model matures, and future levels of corporate cost are expected to follow.
Select the country's leading sophisticated manufacturing company, which has a sophisticated, intelligent and Gore shares, three of which have smart phones and a combination of computer-type, smart-heading, etc., in which sophisticated communications are used as industry leaders for consumer electron precision, with vertical integration of parts-module-systems, and blues smartphones and computer classes.
There are similarities in business; the sophisticated functional and structural components that are intelligently constructed in the consumer electronics field are the same as the downstream products that Lance supplies; Gore shares main business includes precision zero-component operations, smart acoustic whole-office operations and smart hardware operations, which are similar to the blues head display and the smart wear class, so three can be selected as possible.
Compared to the company. The average for 23-25 years is 31/20/15 times the average for companies, and Lancet is the domestic consumption of electronic glass caps, vertical expansion of metal + assembly, horizontal development of automobiles and photovoltaics, lower than the comparable corporate average, currently undervalued for comparable companies, and the company ' s consumption of electronic fundamentals continues.
Tightening of land, horizontal expansion of new materials such as ceramics, sapphires and contact sensors projects, vertical downstream expansion, assembly operations that exceed industry averages, are highly recognized by clients, good profitability performance is achieved, and upstream materials are expanded to achieve a high internal supply and matching of the main assistive materials, first coverage, given
Actively expanding applications in areas such as automobiles, industry, etc., may result in less than expected growth in corporate incomes if the demand for downstream consumer electronics recovers less than expected, or if the demand for cars and industrial markets rise less than expected. 2) There is a risk of increased competition in the market.
Or a radical competition strategy by competitors will affect the company’s market expansion or lead to less than expected risks of new products and new markets. The growth of firms depends mainly on the development of new products and the opening of new markets, which will have a direct impact on the company’s revenues if its internal externalities in R & D are not as high as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.