The largest downstream application of company products is smartphones and computers, which account for close to 80% of income.
Surface structures and functional components such as glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals, plastics etc., contact control modules, bio-identification, and mainly downstream applications in the fields of consumer electronics, new energy vehicles and photovoltaics. In the first half of 2023, corporate smartphones and computer-type products collected $16.135 billion.
Smart phones are the basis for companies to stabilize their revenues, and materials upgrades to higher value levels. Apples are the company’s top customer, accounting for about 50% of the company’s total revenues over the years. Apples are in the forefront of consumer electronic markets, such as smartphones, laptops, tablets, computers, etc., and are the basis for companies to stabilize their revenues. Based on idc.
Data, global smartphone output has been reduced by a year-on-year scale from 4022 to 3023, with a further increase of 3023, with a global smartphone output of 324 million, an increase of 7.8 per cent, and an increase of 6.7 per cent, compared with the same year.
The smartphone market as a whole is expected to improve further in the fourth quarter, as consumer electronics have become popular, capped, and apple high-end new machines. Glass panels and cellular boxing materials are upgraded, and emerging markets such as vr/ar and smart-clothed will bring a new increase in the glass sheet industry.
A 52-week maximum/minimum rate of traffic shows a further increase in penetration, leading to an increase in smart cabin operations. The company has been deploying new energy car-related operations since 2015, and now the company’s new energy vehicles and smart cabin-type products include new energy sources.
Car control panels, dashboards, display screens, b-posts, c-stamps, new car glass, power cellular structures, etc. The Chinese car-loading market model will reach $13.5 billion in 2025, and cagr 23.17% in 2021-2025.
According to the China Air Association, China sold 9.44 million new energy vehicles throughout the year, an increase of 37% over the same year.
According to vcipa, China's capacity increased by 3.3860 million in 2023, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year. According to sneresearch, in 2023, the global capacity of power cells reached 705.5gwhh, an increase of 38.6 per cent in the same year.
The pool's customers supply power cell structures, and future power cell operations are expected to contribute to the growth of corporate performance.
The company is the world’s leading consumer electronics and high-end smart car smart-end windows, and odm components. Founder Week flew to Shenzhen in 2003 to create LanceTech, focusing on the development, production and sale of mobile phones, windows and protective materials.
Structures, modules, and assembly of smart terminals, such as mobile phones and computers, smart head displays and smart wears, new energy cars and smart pods. The company has worked deep on electronics and new energy automobiles for many years, with high-quality, stable internationally recognized brand clients, such as Apple, Samsung, Huayung, Mi, Opo, vivo, Glory, Google,
The main downstream applications of company products include consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, and photovoltaics. Corporate owners deal with middle- and high-end smart phones, smart wear, tablet computers, laptops, one-stop computers, new energy.
Source cars, smart home appliances, photovoltaic products, including protective panels for glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals, plastics, contact control modules, biometrics, etc., as well as accompanying accessories, workcloths, production equipment, testing equipment, automation equipment, and transportation of Blues autonomously developed and developed
In 2021, the company moved into the new energy light-voltage industry, mainly for the production of photovoltaic glass sheets, optical glass processing equipment, optical glass processing products, and so on. The company has the capacity to fully cooperate with its clients in completing the vertical integration from product design to structural-ware processing, module-packing, and the assembly of the entire machine.
During the third quarter of the year, the weekly group flew to hold 100% of the stockholdings of LanthyTech (Hong Kong) Ltd. and 97.9% of the shares of Chang Sha Tunhin Investment Consulting Ltd. and Bluesty (Hong Kong) Ltd. held 56.39% of the shares of LanthyTechnology.
The Deputy Chairman, Jung Jun-Long, holds 2.1% of the shares of Sha Sun-Hin Investment Consulting Limited, and Mr and Mrs Zhou Qing and Jung Jun-Long jointly hold 62.18% of the shares of Lanthy Science and Technology Corporation Ltd. and are the actual controllers of the company.
Glass covers are the basis for revenue collection, new energy automobiles are growing at a sharper rate, with higher net profit fluctuations in the period 2017-2022. The impact, for example, of the company’s taking stock, has been a decline in orders and sales to companies, and a decline in the company’s 2016 harvest;
Increased competition in the industry and higher customer requirements for product quality and process have resulted in a significant increase in the average cost of the company ' s products and a corresponding increase in costs, resulting in a decline in net profit on a year-on-year basis; the firm ' s downstream market demand was strong in 2020, optimized and optimized its disclosure of business in the category of smartphones and computers, new energy vehicles and smart seats
Smart phones and computers: structure, modules and assembly for products such as smart phones, tablet computers, laptops, single computers, etc., covering new glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibre, etc.
Materials. In the first half of 2023, $16,135 million, yoy + 1.34 per cent, new energy cars and smart cabins: new energy vehicle controls, dashboards, display screens, b, c, 100 million yuan, yoy + 54.98 per cent.
Smart head displays and smart wear types: smart head display devices, smart watches, handrings, eyeglasses, and other smart wear product structures, modules and assembly, covering new materials such as glass, metals, sapphire, ceramics, plastics, carbon fibre, etc. 1,191 million yuan in the first half of 2023, or 4.48%.
1659 patents, 141 patents for skin design, and 94 copyrights for software, covering processing processes, product testing, equipment development, new materials, industrial Internet, digitalization of production, smart parks, business resource management companies abroad.
The increase in corporate recruitment costs and managerial manpower costs in 2021 as a result of the increased number of operating parks and competition in the talent market resulted in an increase in management costs by 71 per cent to 3,969 million yuan over the year and an increase in company management rates to 8.77 per cent, while the cost of recruiting staff was reduced as a result of the increased automation of the company.
The consumer electronics recovery has been upgraded, and mobile phone parts and components are expected to apply 3d glass to smartphones, smart wearing devices and smart cars. The company is a leader in the innovation of the consumer electronics industry. For the first time, glass screens have been introduced to high-end smartphones.
For the first time, ceramics, sapphire materials were applied to smartphones and smart and wearing devices, and for the first time, 3d glass was applied to smartphones. The production of protective zeros such as consumer electronics windows and protective glass was characterized by high processing accuracy and difficult processes, and the company had access to windows and protective glass and blue.
The core technology and know-how for the production of products such as gemstones, fine ceramics, precision metals, etc., have a strong technological, sediment and manufacturing advantage. At present, the company is running in the 3d glass industry chain and is the lead in the processing of glass sheets.
Materials and equipment are produced in midstream, with 3d glass processing facilities, downstream applications containing smart phones, smart and wearable devices, and smart cars. According to ISPs, in the area of glass covers, LanceTech and Bourne Optics are two dragons, the size of the collection and market share are in the lead, while other major manufacturers include Biadey Electronics, Coaltai, and others.
Waggg Light Power, Huaming Technology, Star Technology, etc., of which Ramsy and Bourne Optics together account for half of the industry, from downstream demand, the largest downstream market for 3d glass is smart phones. 3d glass is used mainly for smartphones, smart wearables and smart cars. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, 3d glass was used in China in 2020.
In the market-scale industry, smart phones, smart apparel and smart cars account for 50%, computer-type products for $16,135 million, and smart head displays and smart apparel products for $1,191 million.
The glass covers are the outermost layer of the phone. The glass covers are a protective layer of the outermost layers of the touch screen, mainly for the outer layers of the touch screen, also known as enhanced optical glass, glass windows, enhanced cellular lenses, etc. The raw material is a super thin glass, cut, cnc sculpted, thinning, reinforced, plating, printing, etc.
After art treatment, it has shock-proof, scratch-resistant, oil-resistant, fingerprint-proof, enhanced spectrometry features. The glass covers mainly 2d glass, 2.5d glass, 3d glass, utg super thin glass, silicon aluminium glass. It is used in smartphones with a maximum of 3d glass, utg super thin glass, silicon aluminum glass.
All surfaces have radians of screen glass; utg super thin glass means glass usually less than 1.2 mm thickness; silicon aluminium glass is produced with pressure-long methods that are transparent, suitable for chemical steel, etc., and has better physical and chemical properties than traditional calcium sodium.
3d glass is a better match to 2d and 2.5d glass and a better match to the oed screen. 3d glass is a perfect match to the oled, a beautiful and good hand, with light performance, transparent cleanness, anti-printing, anti-sight, etc.
It's a new item, mate60, with a second-generation QC glass. The QC glass is a nanocrystal material, which increases the resilience of the glass by growing up to billions of high-intensity nanocrysilence crystals in the glass. This QC glass increases resilience compared to the normal glass. According to the Chinese network, the QC glass is replaced by a replacement price.
Gs ranged from $499 to $799, compared to Mate40 in Hua, with a price of $429 for surface maintenance and $799 for screen maintenance.
According to idc, 4023 million smartphones worldwide, an increase of 7.8 per cent and 6.7 per cent over the same period; global smartphones, in terms of volume of shipments, have fluctuated and mobile operators have launched new machines in four quarters, reaching 4q23 for the traditional season.
Figure 20: Global smartphone shipments (millions) Figure 21: Global smartphone shipments (millions of United States dollars)
Data show that screen penetration on mobile phones has increased year by year, with 4023oled showing screen penetration rates of 55.5%. On average unit prices, the average unit price on cellular phones has fluctuated, the average unit price on lcd phones is flat, the average unit price on 4q23oled phones is $774 and the average unit price on icd is $151.
From 2022 to 2027, vr delivered 24.45% and ar shipped 85.6%. According to idc, the volume of global vr shipped 8.54 million and the volume of ar shipped 270,000 in 2022, and is expected to reach 2,552,000 and the volume of ar delivered 6.04 million in 2027.
Tens of thousands increased to 52.94 million in 2027, or 3.82 per cent of the cagr. Figure 24: Global ar, vr, Figure 25: Global Smart Watch and Applewatch.
The company’s top client is Apple, which ranks first in a number of consumer electronic applications. The company’s top client account for about 50 per cent of total receipts in 2017-2021 and 70 per cent in 2022. According to idc, the global smartphone market share of 4q23 apples is 24.7 per cent, located first worldwide;
The market share of laptops is 11.2 per cent, fourth place; the market share of global tablets is 40.6 per cent, first place.
Apple launched a new iphone15pro in October 2023, which is the first iphone that uses aerograde titanium metal in its design, and which weighs better than most metals, so the iphone15pro is by far the lightest type of pro. The titanium border is welded with the new aluminium metal interior through solid-state diffusion technology.
Industrial innovation uses thermal mechanical processes to achieve a high-intensity combination of the two metals. Apples use titanium alloy borders, with new shell costs 18% higher than those of the previous generation. iphone15promax (8gb+256gb) costs are higher than iphone14promax, based on counterpoint boms.
(6gb+256gb) is 8% higher, and apples use titanium alloys in the iphone15promax shell frame, reducing the equipment weight by about 20 grams, becoming the lightest promax machine ever. The cost of new shell in iphone15promax is 18% higher than 14 promax.
Figure 28: iphone15promaxbom cost bomcostdiffraction-iphone15promaxvsiphone14promax interpoint
I'm sorry, others totalbom processing.
♪ Memory cellular + camera ♪
Casing Connectivity Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, has the capacity to provide global customers with aluminium, magnesium and zinc.
The overall strength and technical level of a one-stop solution that integrates key technologies and processes, such as titanium, new alloys and products, high-tech composites, stainless steel products, metal impulses, etc., covers smart, smart, wearable devices, tablet computers, laptops, single computers, etc.
The company is expected to benefit from the upgrading of cellular frame materials and the upturning of the product.
Figure 30: Precision net profits (millions of dollars) Growth of new energy operations, such as smart cabins, power cells, increased penetration of new energy vehicles and rapid growth of company new energy vehicles
As technology evolves, the traditional cabin of cars is gradually upgraded to a smart cabin. The smart cabin integrates a variety of electronic components such as liquid crystal meters, information entertainment systems, hud, streaming media rearview mirrors, and allows multiple screen interactions and voice recognition.
Software and hardware, such as pcb, display panels, capsule chips, medium-swain hardware and hardware providers such as vehicle-borne information display systems, vehicle-borne communications systems, and oem mainframes, will reach $68.1 billion a year in the global car smart cabin market, and the Chinese smart cabin market will be large.
According to Canalys, in the first quarter of 2023, the volume of new energy in the Chinese market, in the broad sense, was 1.1 million units, with pre-decked smart compartments, with a market penetration rate of 82.7 per cent, higher than the global rate of 74.3 per cent. Of this, new brands of power had a penetration rate of 100 per cent in the area of smart cabins, and the mainstream joint venture brand was transformed.
Conservatively, the overall penetration rate of the smart cabin is 55.1 per cent, with a higher penetration rate of the first and second-line luxury brands, with an increase in the rate of the smart cabin loading, which showed a market size of cagr 23.17 per cent for the period 2021-2025. According to the Gaitcar data, the core configuration of the smart cabin was equal to that of the three quarters of 2022.
Long, with an increase of 11.50 pct to 79.90% over the same year. In 2025, the country’s vehicle fleet showed a market size of nearly $13.5 billion, with a central screen, a full LCD table, a Hud, a back-row entertainment screen, a streaming media rearview mirror, and an electronic rear-view mirror market of 408, 354, 202, 231, 34.76 billion, respectively.
The company has been setting up a new energy vehicle-related business since 2015. In the smart cabin, the company develops and manufactures car-mounted electronic glass and components, vehicle-mounted controls (structure and functional parts and assemblies), front/window glass, dashboard components, b-pillars, car-mounted decorations, body structures, rear-views.
In addition, the company’s new energy vehicle domain products contain structures and modules such as c-bones, charge poles, power cell structures, etc.
In February 2024, according to the China-China Air Association, we sold 476,000 new energy vehicles and 30.1% of new energy vehicles. According to Vucipa, during the year 2023, we increased the number of recharge posts by 3.386 million (youy+31%), of which 926,000 were added to the public charged posts.
(Yoy+42.7%) Increase by 2.458 million (Yoy+26.6%) in the number of private charge posts with vehicles; increase in the number of new ones by 1:2.4. With the increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and the steady increase in charge posts, the company ' s new energy engine figure 37: sales of new energy vehicles in China (million)
Figure 38: Increase in the number of new energy chargers (millions) In the first half of 2023, the company began supplying power cell structures for head-power battery customers. According to sne research, the global total of power cell loads reached 705.5gwh in 2023, an increase of 38.6 per cent.
According to the pattern, in 2023, the new energy cities of Ningde, Biadi and lig were among the top three, with 36.8 per cent, 15.8 per cent and 13.6 per cent respectively, and the company began supplying power cell structures to head-power cell customers in the first half of 2023. Future power cell operations are expected to add to the company ' s performance.
Figure 40: Share of global power cell load market 2023 New energy photovoltaics in 2021, Topcon binary components successfully delineated, company full-time subsidiaries in 2021, new energy photovoltaic-related operations. Published by company in November 2021
Promulgates the establishment of the fully-owned subsidiary, Hunan-Lan-Seam New Energy Co. Ltd., with a registered capital of $1 billion, mainly in photovoltaics, glass products, photovoltaic equipment, and components. Upstream, the photovoltaic industry includes smelting of single/multi-crystal silicon, sculpting/sticks, slices, and mid-swap, including solar energy.
Battery production, photovoltaic assembly encapsulation, downstream, including the installation and servicing of photovoltaic application systems. Photovoltaic glass is located in the middle of the photovoltaic industry and consists of glass, solar cells, film, backboard glass, special metal guidance, which is an important component of the photovoltaic component, which is used in the outermost layers of the photovoltaic component, photovoltaic glass.
The photovoltaic components can be divided into ordinary and double-bond components.
The two-bond components have the advantage of longer life cycles, higher generation within the life cycle, more efficient power generation, and slower decline, compared to the normal components. The company’s photovoltaic operations are progressing well, and its subsidiary, Lanth’s New Energy Phase N, was successfully delineated.
The Division's subsidiary, Lanth New Energy Phase N, was successfully delineated with a high-efficiency 72-bob component of Topcon 18273, with a capacity of 575w, with a lighter, lighter and more efficient conversion, while at the same time increasing by more than 50 per cent in weight, installation and transport of the world's new light-volt machine in 2023. The photovoltaic supply chain was affected by the epidemic in 2021-2022, with silicon.
The demand for and supply of photovoltaic components have led to higher prices and delayed installation requirements to 2023, and Trendforce expects global photovoltaic capacity to grow by 59.3 per cent to 411gw in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, with the growth rate of additional loads slowing from high-speed growth to rational growth in 2024, which is expected to grow by 16 per cent to 474gw in 2024.
The increase in the volume of light-voltage machines will boost the demand for photo-voltage components. Figure 45: Global additions of light-voltage units (gw) and speed increases Small- and medium-sized appearances and functional components: companies are consummated electronic glass-based conglomerates, with major customer markets taking advantage of the demand.
Stable, the demand for 3d glass panels rises in the context of an increased penetration rate of 0led mobile phones. The upgrading of cellular glass and middle frame materials has led to an increase in value, while companies are actively pursuing markets in the field of vr, ar, and smart apparel.
Pessimistic scenario: assuming an unforeseeable negative change in the industry and the company, a 2 per cent decline in the rate of growth of corporate revenue, a neutral distribution of dividends, a 2 per cent decline in the ratio of operating costs, management costs, R & D rates, sales costs, optimism: assuming an unforeseeable positive change in the industry and the company, a growth rate of corporate revenue, dividends
We've chosen to be a firm that is also involved in the manufacture of structural structures, in the manufacture of profit-making, in Gore shares, and in automobiles, in electronics, in which all electronics are comparable to companies.
From parts, modules, to systems, vertically integrated in a direction or in a reverse direction, constantly digs the depth of value and strives to diversify the product lines in different applications.
The industrial chain, which involves the application of products to a number of downstream markets, including consumer electronics, automobiles and photovoltaic storage, are among the world ' s leading in terms of technological processes, product quality and integrated operational efficiency.
Gore shares: The company's main business consists of sophisticated zero-component operations, smart acoustic whole-office operations and smart hardware operations, with a focus on such industrial areas as consumer electronics and auto electronics. The main products include sophisticated zero components such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structural components, and vr virtual reality/ar enhancement reality, tws intelligence.
Wireless headphones, smart wearables, smart home video games and accessories, smart home, etc.
Innovative capacity, rich supply chain channels, large-scale mass-production experience and customer responsiveness, and we're in the middle of it.
Calculated on the basis of more hypothetical assumptions, many subjective judgements have been added: 1. The risk of valuation bias over the next three years is likely to result from optimistic estimates of the growth of the company ' s income and profits over the next three years, resulting in higher ps values;
2. We have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business and have obtained a reasonable range of company valuations in the form of a pe valuation, with the risk of downward valuation if the overall market risk preferences change and the valuation hub adjust downwards.
In profit predictions, we look at the firm's steady profits from being a frontline firm that binds its head to its customers, opening up the growth of performance in the fields of vr, ar and intelligent apparelability; and looking at the company's new energy vehicle layout, which has less than the expected risk of downstream demand: the company's downstream business involves smart phones and computers, smart head displays and intelligence.
Areas such as wearing and new energy vehicles, where consumer electronics, new energy vehicles, etc., have a sharp pull on the growth of corporate performance, with the risk of less than expected demand from relevant market customers, leading to less than expected corporate profitability. Client concentration risks: the company’s main customers are known medium- and high-end terminals for the global consumption of electronics and smart cars.
The risk of market management convergence: in recent years, the company has been at a fast-growing stage, in glass, metal, blue.
In 2020, companies quickly established competitive advantages in the metal field by means of equity acquisitions, further enhancing the company’s core competitiveness, as well as its one-stop capacity for products and services.
The electronics sector is closely linked to macroeconomics and vulnerable to fluctuations in international trade and regional trade.
Changes in the situation will have a direct impact on the country and the region’s end-of-consumption levels, and hence on client demand, leading to lower operating income, etc. Exchange rate fluctuations risk: the company’s main clients are the major global brands of the consumer electronics industry, corporate exporters, etc.
Goods, purchases of imported raw materials are predominantly settled in United States dollars, and significant fluctuations in exchange rates will have a certain impact on the company ' s business performance and there is a risk that they will have a negative impact on the company ' s business performance.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject