Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center St. State stock (300661.sz) Increase (first rating) Double ownership continues to expand and simulated poles accelerate growth
Automotive, industrial and 5g communications drive the growth of global simulations. 1) Autovoltaic + self-drive modulation. The drive to develop chip demand is driven mainly by the increase in power management e.g. bms (power management system), smart cabins, autopilots, sensors, etc.
Request: 2) Industrial automation upgrades drive software to configure systems, cloud connections, machine health monitoring and management, systems security and robotics, etc., for simulation chips: 3) 5 g base station addition plus power management needs, alot equipment drives speakers, backlights, oled drive, power cores, etc.
The scale of the relevant simulation chips, such as chips, radio frequency devices, motor drives, etc., has continued to grow. The global simulation chip market is expected to reach $80 billion in 2023 and 12.85% in 20-23.
With the encouragement of policy and the scarcity of global chip production, domestic simulators, such as São Paulo shares, have come to an opportunity to replace national production. Three of the São Paulo’s core strengths are:1 the two-leading industry is moving in tandem, expanding the product categories continuously, and optimizing the product structure:
Speeding up power supply management and signal chainic, with a continuous increase of 400-500 new products per year, with a combined increase in the ratio of high Māori products, such as industrial, medical and motor electronics, from 30 per cent in 2019 to home, while reducing single-client dependency (the top five clients earned 54 per cent in 2017).
The average value of the large overseas simulation plants is 3 percentage points; the external route of success is followed by continuous mergers and acquisitions, widening product lines, accelerating the integration of resources, and consolidating market positions. Given the continued growth in the automotive, industrial, 5g base station and aiot equipment-driven simulation chip industries, the country is currently experiencing a high rate of growth in the automobile, industrial, 5g base station and aiot equipment-driven chip industry.
The internal market has a low rate of domestic production, and the company, as the leader of the domestic simulation chip, is expanding as the product class expands.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; industry competition is increasing; raw material prices are rising; exchange rate risks; risk is lifted, etc. I. Two core drivers: the demand end of 1.1: automobiles, industry, 5g commercial-driven simulations continue to grow high
Simulation is a major component of the semiconductor industry, widely applied to end-use areas such as electronics.
To benefit from end demand eruptions and the continued high profile of the semiconductor industry. Wsts data show that the global semiconductor market was $44,389 billion in 2020, the global simulation chip market was $55.7 billion, and the simulation chip was about 12.64 per cent in the semiconductor industry.
Insights expect a global simulation chip market of $80 billion in 2023 and a capr of 12.85 per cent in 20-23. Wide application scenario: simulation chip downstream applications are extensive, covering consumption, communications, industry, industry, industry.
Cars, computers, military, etc.. As electronics and intelligence evolves, simulation chips are widely used in such end areas as communications, industrial controls, cars, consumption, computers, military, etc., of which 5g are communications, industrial controls, automobiles are the main applications, with three major applications in 2020.
From the demand side, we believe that three important drivers of the growth of the simulated chip market are: 1) automobiles + power + self-drive demand for simulated chips, mainly in bms (power management systems), intelligence.
(ii) Five major applications of power managementic, power management chip, number/module converters, magnifiers, etc. brought by various sensors such as the cabin, autopilot systems, etc.; (ii) industrial automation upgrades drive software that can be equipped with systems, cloud-end connections, machine health monitoring and management, system safety and robotics
Area modelling needs: 3) 5g ICT developments drive increased demand for power management in 5g base stations and alot equipment promotes growth in simulators like speakers, backlights, oled drive, power chip, radio frequency device, motor drive chip, etc. As the 5g base station is built and new energy vehicle penetration rates continue to grow.
Upgraded and simulated chips will remain high in the communications field while the ratio of domain areas such as auto electrons, industry etc. will be further increased, particularly in the demand for components of power management ic, special simulation chips and signal converters.
Moot chip market growth driver one: new energy vehicles to power supply systems and smart drivers to sensors auto applications are the fastest growing area in the downstream applications of simulation chip applications, with a projected global car market of $17,467 billion in 2021. According to icinsights, 2020 car models
The size of the proposed chip market reached $13.334 billion, an increase of 6.99 per cent over the same period. The global car simulation chip market is expected to reach $17.467 billion in 2021, an increase of 31 per cent over the same year, benefiting from the rapid start of new energy vehicles and rapid growth in intelligent driving.
Figure 4: Combined annual growth rates in the use of simulated chips 2014-2020
The share of electric vehicles was less than 5% in 2020, but there was a complete ban on fuel cars in Norway within five years, and the rest of the mainstream countries, which had a ban on fuel cars in 2030 and 2040, were expected to see a rapid increase in the penetration rate of electric cars. We estimate that in 2035, more than 50% of the new vehicles on the global market will be pure electricity.
According to the Chinese Auto-Industrial Association, 500-600 chips per traditional internal combustion vehicle are needed, and in the age of new energy cars, 1,000-to-one chips are used.
At the same time, the demand for semiconductor chips has increased with the start of new energy vehicles, reaching 43.9 billion market sizes (about $33.9 billion in market value) in 2020 and an estimated 90.3 billion (about $65.5 billion in market size) by 2026.
In 2019, the proportion of simulated chips in vehicle semiconductors worldwide reached 29 per cent, after 30 per cent of microprocessors, and ranked second.
Figure 8: Global vehicle sales and demand for semiconductors (quantity) in addition to the security crash protection systems involved in traditional auto electrons, led power management and failure protection systems, etc., simulation chips are also widely applied to power management systems for new energy vehicles, intelligent driving of smart cars, etc.
Systems and autopilot systems. From the application scene, we believe that the increase in the use of the new energy car simulation chip semiconductor is mainly reflected in: 1) bms (butterymanementssystem) battery management systems, with combined and pure electric cars adding charge, ac/dc,
dc/dc requirements: 2) The need for the smart cabin system to increase the power source ic, smart audio and video chips and their interfaces: 3) The need for automated driving systems in sensors, laser radars will drive the need for analog chips such as adc, lddriver.
▪ 1, Power management system (bms): At present, new energy electric vehicles are divided into two main categories: hybrid vehicles and pure electric vehicles, with the fastest market growing in hybrid vehicles, while the cost, and the safety of lithium batteries, are two important challenges that must be met.
The system is the solution, and the simulation chip is the most important part of the power supply system, leading to an increase in the demand for model chips as the new energy source vehicle load increases. The power supply system needs to add more power management chips, number/module converters, magnifiers, etc.
. Although hybrid cars use roughly the same internal combustion engine as conventional cars, hybrid motor drive systems are completely new and must control the modified starter/communication generator, battery management system, and electric motor systems through integrated circuits. Some important controls are in place.
The basic analogue circuits, such as accurate temperature sensing, accurate control of currents and voltage, are performed by high-precision amplifiers, mode converters, mode converters, temperature sensors, and power management chips. In addition, the power supply system for hybrid cars is required.
These basic analogue circuits are required to ensure a wider range of electrical voltage. The bms system is the core technology for power cells, and consists of multiple simulation chips. The difference between electric cars and conventional cars is mainly that they have electrical, battery and electrical control systems.
The electrical control system consists of a battery management system and a control system to manage the battery and control the energy output of the battery and to regulate the speed of the battery. The battery is typically composed of multiple battery modules, each of which includes multiple sensors, afe (simulating front end), master/mcu, currents, etc.
Measuring, and charging/not charging switches. Of these, afe refers specifically to the battery sample chip, which is used to collect information such as core voltage and temperature. mcu is used mainly to process information collected by afe, calculate parameters such as soc, sooh, etc., and transmits this information to the upper level vcu.
Charge/no charge switches are controlled by mcu. Autodynamicization leads to more compatibility of electronic parts, and more switch controllers are required. The same thing with hybrid cars and conventional cars is that both electronic systems use 12v
The design engineers must therefore be more careful in dealing with the problems of electromagnetic dry disturbance and electromagnetic compatibility, thereby increasing the demand for switch controllers.
The country’s recently launched semiconductor lm5088 high voltage switch controller has switch frequency vibrations and kinetic processing functions that can reduce electromagnetic interference by expanding the spectrum. The global bms market is expected to be 88.474 billion yuan by 2027 and capr by 21-27
26.19%. qyresearch data show that the global car bms market was 21,744 million yuan in 2020 and is expected to reach 88,474 million yuan in 2027.
Figure 11: In 2020, with the size of the global and Chinese bms markets in 2027e, car bms chips have strong technical barriers, with product suppliers predominantly foreign dragons, São Bong shares, and Sreipu accelerated catch-up.
Afe, mcu, adc, etc. The main suppliers of afe are currently adi, ti, st, pine, nxp, and risa. The suppliers of afe products are mainly foreign firms. On the mcu side, foreign suppliers are mainly ti, st, nxp, English flyer, risa, etc.
There are also a lot of mcu manufacturers who are actively developing car regulation products. For example, mega-innovation, rickshaws, sacred state shares, etc. In adc, the main suppliers are Ti, Di, st, Risa, and most of them are American manufacturers, and domestic suppliers are dominated by St. State shares and Sreap.
The most important part of the new energy vehicle is the battery management system, the chip in the battery management system, the voltage required for the normal operation of the components.
Power management is a power source control, protection, and efficient distribution of the power to components of the system.
Data from frost&solivan show that the current power management chip is worth around $20 per vehicle in traditional fuel trucks and $100-400 per vehicle in new energy vehicles.2 The driving of the smart cabin system to simulate chip demand is mainly in the vehicle-borne information and entertainment system.
(iv) Medium-power management. iv consists mainly of vehicle interface processors (vip), application processors (ap) and receiver boxes (t-box). 1) The vehicle interface processor (vip) is an important component of the vehicle-borne information and recreation system.
Vip controls the power supply of key modules and changes the working state according to the power mode, while monitoring the voltage state during normal operations. vip is responsible for using the power to manage the power supply of the ap.
The power supply is supported by the power supply sequence of the modules (ap) using the packaged power management ic. At this point, vip simply needs to power the power management ic and send the reset signal.
2) Application module converter (adc) and model converter (dac) in car-borne information and entertainment system (iv). As one of the main applications of ivi, audio modules use adc and dac, where wireless radio devices are the most commonly used features in the vehicle and can be used to achieve fm/am
The basic function is FM and FM, respectively. At this point, fm/am converts the intended signal to a digital signal via a modular converter, then reaches the audio digital signal processor, then converts the digital signal to a analogue signal, forming a current and making a sound.
3. The pull of auto-pilot sensors on simulated chips is mainly reflected in a variety of sensors, including vehicle-mounted millimetre wave radars, vehicle-mounted laser radars, vehicle-mounted ultrasound radars, infrared and camera sensors.
Work structure. The continuous waves can be divided into fsk (frequency move key control), psk (phase move key control), cw (several frequency continuous wave), fmcw (FM continuous wave). As multiple targets can be measured, resolution is high, signal processing complex, low cost and technological maturity, fmcw radar becomes
The most commonly used vehicle-car-mounted millimetre-wave radar, i.e., Delfort, Electrical, Boss, etc., is the fmcw-based mode. fmcw-mm wave radar consists mainly of the receiving and receiving antenna, the front end of the radio frequency, the modem signal, the signal point.
The millimetre wave radar achieves the detection distance, location, relative velocity of the target by receiving the signal and the related handling of the signal. The front end of the radio frequency chip consists of elements such as power amplifiers, low noise amplifiers and filters.
Body work is based on the following principles: 1) fmcw modem generator produces high frequency (ghz level) signals via a pressure-controlled oscillator (vco), part of the energy coupling input mixer as a primary vibration signal, and the other part of the energy power magnifier (pa) is directed to the air by an electromagnetic wave from an antenna.
Radiation. 2) The electromagnetic wave, in the course of forward transmission in the air, reacts to a small fraction of the target, and the echo signal is intercepted by the receiving antenna to form a telecommunications signal. 3) The echo signal is amplified by the low noise amplifier (lna), which is mixed with the signal and is exported by a blender.
A lower differential photo frequency (generally at the mhz level), which contains information on distance and relative speed between the target and the radar. 4) then zooms in by bringing the filter (bpf), a/d converts, fft the resulting digital signal (fast fruct) and makes frequency.
spectrometry allows for the availability of information such as distance, relative speed and azimuth between targets and radars. 5) Finally, the dangerous state is judged by controlling circuits, warning drivers or active intervention in cars in the context of environmental conditions.
The millimetre wave radar is divided into 24 ghz and 77 ghz, mainly held by offshore taps. The 24 ghz radar measurements are shorter (5-30 m) and are used mainly in the rear of the car, for the purposes of vehicle blindness monitoring, traffic deviation alerts, parking aids, etc.: 77 ghz radar measurements are longer.
(30~70m), mainly in front and on both sides of the vehicle, for the operation of active safety areas such as self-adaptation cruises, forward collision alerts, etc. Millimeter Wave Radar Sensors are monopolized by overseas taps.
Traditional parts giants such as Delford have a monopoly on 77ghz mm wave radar, which is held only by companies such as Boshi, Daejo, Delfort, Electric, Trw, Fustenten, Hitachi, etc. Car-mounted laser radar sensor: three-dimensional laser radars are installed on the roof of the vehicle. It can be rotated at high speed.
Obtaining data from the surrounding space on dotted cloud, thus producing real-time three-dimensional space maps of the vehicle ' s perimeter; together, laser radar can also measure the distance, speed, acceleration, angular speed, etc. of the other vehicles in the vicinity in three directions, and calculate the location of the vehicle in conjunction with the gps map, which is vast.
Data information is transmitted to ecu for analysis and processing for rapid decision-making by vehicles. In the area of automobiles, laser radars can be used for automatic parking, acc active cruises, auto brakes, no one driving, etc., with high costs being a major disadvantage.
Laser radars are divided mainly into laser launch modules, scanning systems, receiving modules and information processing units. Backend information processing modules are inextricably linked to amplifiers, fpga (master control unit) chips, simulation chips, control of laser launch modules, receiving modules and scanning modules, and numbers.
Car-borne camera sensors: Car-borne cameras are in the lead in autopilot programs below level 1.3. In auto-drive cars, vehicle-mounted cameras are used as the main way to collect information and analyse images, enabling a range of functions, such as vehicle identification, pedestrian recognition, and path recognition.
According to the vehicle camera programme, core hardware consists mainly of lens groups (optic mirrors, filters, protective membranes), image sensors, model converters (adc) and image signal processors.
Converts to digital image signal output. Auto-drive vehicle single-car and above with at least six vehicle-car cameras. Currently, level 193 is divided into front-of-view cameras, loop cameras, back-of-view cameras.
There are five categories of head, side-vision cameras, and built-in cameras. The former video cameras are used mainly for crash alerts, traffic deviation alerts, traffic sign recognition, etc.: the round-the-clock camera is used for pan-view parking: the back-up camera is used; the side-vision camera is used for blind spot monitoring; the built-in camera is used for fatigue.
Reminder. Normally, the adas system has at least six cameras on a bicycle (one front, one back, four circles). With the increase in autopilot, the number of vehicle cameras will increase steadily.
Simultaneous chip growth drive II: Automation accelerates industrial application of simulation chip applications extensive in industrial applications and high product-wide requirements. Simulation chip applications in industrial applications include smart cities, safety and surveillance, machine vision, motor control, robotics, electricity.
Power solutions, industrial automation, ar/vr,ai, industrial diagnostics and instrumentation, defense flights, air, energy management, medical care, building automation, lighting, motor drive, power transmission, etc.
At the same time, the product is more stringently accredited, usually no less than 1.5 years, and the product ' s full-scale high performance, high reliability and high safety can be achieved through experience build-up and reversals. As the alot technology increases, future industrial simulation chips will be in industry 4.0, high-speed transmission, intelligent buildings, etc.
Using information technology to promote industrial change and move industrial development into a new age of intelligence. In the process of industrial intelligence development, there is a heavy reliance on the use of simulated chips, and opportunities in the five industrial markets remain elusive.
And B: Software can be configured for systems, cloud connections, machine health monitoring and management, system safety and machine security. We believe that, in the context of industrial automation, intelligent development, industrial robots will become the growth demand point for industrial simulation chips.
Industrial automation has driven the size of the domestic and foreign markets for industrial robots, which reached 384,000 worldwide in 2020 and are expected to reach 6% in 2021-2024.
The scale of the robot market is significant, and with the recovery of the automotive and electronics industries and the increased integration of industrial robots and technology such as big data, artificial intelligence, and 5g, industry will enter the fast track.
According to the National Statistical Office, the annual rate of compound growth is 42.21%. Moreover, as industrial intelligence advances, the market size of industrial robots increases, reaching the market size of industrial robots in 2020.
6320 million dollars, expected to reach $7.26 billion in 2021. Benefiting from industrial growth in the 4.0 era of intelligence and automation, we believe that domestic industrial robot production and size will continue at a relatively high level of development.
Our industrial robot domestic production rate is about 30%, and our national production substitution is a trend in the future. According to the number of mir, the share of domestic capital robots in our country rose from 18% in 2015 to 2020.
The increase in domestic production has led to an increase in the volume and market share of domestic industrial robots, and our industrial model chip production and market size are expected to benefit from the industrial, robotic, national production-substitution wave.
Model chips in industry are expected to be larger than $19 billion by 2022, 2018 - building and material networking development, leading to continued rapid demand growth in industrial simulations. ihs markt data show that market size reached $15 billion in 2018 and is projected to be in 2022.
The scale of the industry simulation chip market will reach $19 billion, with a four-year capr of 8.20 per cent. Figure 23: Domestic capital robotics in 2020 at around 30 per cent. Figure 24: Global scale of industrial simulation chip markets in 2018-2022
In 2020, among the top 10 manufacturers in the world, Texas instruments, Adeno semiconductors, Ansame, microchip, etc. included industrial simulation chips. Industry simulation chips were high barriers, high performance, and higher prices for pulling manufacturers.
Moot chip growth drives three: 5g commercial-led base station and smarthouse demand for simulators. 5g by 2020 commercializes and promotes high growth in communication and consumer-type simulators.
The application is the maximum-use application of signal chain simulatoric applications, and icinsights estimate that in 2021, in the area of simulation chips, the share of communication simulators was about 36.2 per cent, and the market size was about $26.21 billion, or 25 per cent more.
Figure 26: Global communications model chip market size 2017-2021e  Global communications simulation chip market size ($ billion) — 5g base station communications are rapidly becoming available, and global base station exposures provide a wide market for simulation chips.
The frequency electromagnetic wave signal spreads with greater loss in the air, and, for better signal coverage, the distance of the 5g base station will be less than 4g base station 5g base station demand will be greater than the 4g base station. The 5g base station is divided mainly into macro and small base stations (including micro-, pip- and flying base stations).
One and 20 power-management chips, which will drive the demand for the entire simulation. So, we expect that the ratio of analogic to the entire simulation in 2025 will be from 2020 to 2020. According to the Institute of Forward Industry, the global market for 5g base stations will be from 2018.
With an increase of $69.2 billion to $80.3 billion, 2024e will reach $10.94 billion, with rapid growth, the market size of the global macrostations increased from $67.2 billion in 2018 to $79 billion in 2020, and is projected to reach $83.9 billion by 2024; and the market size of the small base stations is ahead of schedule.
Smaller, with only $1.3 billion in 2020, as the construction of the 5g base station continues to progress and improve, the size of the market for the later 5g base station will increase in an explosive fashion, reaching $25.5 billion in 2024e. 2021h1 China ' s 5g base station totals 9.61 million, representing the share of the total base station stock.
10.13%. 5g communications construction is a trend that has accelerated in recent years in all countries to the 5g base station and to the 5g-era heights. China has accelerated the laying of the 5g base station, rising from 130,000 in 2019 to about 720,000 in 2020, with 2021h1 reaching 961,000.
The share of the total number of base stations is 10.13%. Our 5g base station is being built fast, and its weight is still much larger, and the size of the market is going to be significant in the future.
The first phase of 5g in 2020-2025 was devoted to the construction of the 5g base station, of which 2020-2024 was the commercial arrival of the base station.
The annual growth of the 5g base station will provide a strong boost to the development of power management chips, and the annual growth of the 5g base station will continue, with an expected increase of 1.22 million in 2030e. The annual construction of the 5g base station will increase from 130,000 in 2019 to 590,000 in 2020.
The number of new macro-based stations in 2019-2024e is higher, and the number of new anti-super-macro-based stations in smaller stations after 2024e is another increase in 5g. Figure 31: Trends and projections for new 5g-based stations in China 2019-2030e
The demand for power management chips will grow faster in the future as the 5-g-based stations increase.
Domestic manufacturers, such as Poo, simulated chips at 5g-based stations, used communications as the first major application of the simulation chip, market space, domestic and foreign manufacturers competing for a five-g-opportunity, research and development of power-management chips for replacement-based stations, increasing core competitiveness while increasing market penetration.
The growth in demand for aerot technology-driven terminal connection equipment, and the expansion of analog chip applications, orot development, will provide opportunities for the development of analogue chips such as speakers, backlights, oled drive, power chip, radio frequency device, motor drive chip. In particular, smartphones represent the development of simulators.
New smart hardware, wearing devices represented by smart watches and blue-tooth headphones, smart portable devices represented by flatboards and laptops, and devices representing the iot module and smartphones, and other smart hardware. We manage chips, power sources, and so on.
Chips and radio frequency front-end chips, for example. 1) The high-sound demand for mobile electronics drives the development of audio power chips. Audio power chips are used as core components to drive the sound of mobile electronic devices, and their overall application is increasing.
Volume, low noise, anti-interference, anti-sounding, low power consumption, etc. are gradually being optimized, technology is beginning to evolve from analogue to digital power. 2) Fast charge-driven power management chip requirements. For example, charging chips are ensuring safety and reliability.
Under the circumstances, the demand for fast charge is increasing, and in recent years, rapid charge in Andre, mobile phones have grown faster, from 5v1~3a to about 5w to 15w levels, rising to a higher level of 9v\12v\20v to 3abra, making the market more mainstream by 2020.
The maximum power of the charge chip has been raised to between 20w and 60w on the end of the cell phone, and the maximum power of the flow charge chip in the future market is expected to rise to between 60w and 120w, and will be charged with a variety of equipment, such as mobile phones, laptops, etc., which will be more efficient and reliable than traditional products.
Significant upgrades and growth of various other power management chips. 3) 5g network upgrades lead to increased demand for radio front-end chips. As core core chips in the field of communications, radio front-end chips can achieve signal reception, signal positioning, signal switching, etc.
In recent years, with the spread of the 5g network, the number of units of the radio front-end chip used in mobile electronic devices has increased significantly compared to the 4g network. According to skvworks, the average number of radio-frequency switches will increase from 10, according to the 5g cell phone.
To 30, the use of low-noise amplifiers will be increased from 9 to 13, power amplifiers from 5 to 10, radio frequency source chips from 1 to 2-3, antenna usage from 4 to 7, antenna switches and antenna turner.
The amount has also increased significantly, with filters going to be used from 48 to 57. As the 5g radio frequency device has increased, the size of the plate has increased, and the use of radio frequency modules has increased. 5g+ai+iot has opened the new era of interconnection, and 2020e has reached the number of global iot devices connected.
12.6 billion, with a market size of $1.36 trillion. The construction of 5g provides basic technological support for the development of the network, the current upgrading of the network technology, the continuous optimization of the standard system, and the further construction and improvement of the industrial system. The number of connections to the global iot equipment is from 2015
In addition to the 5.2 billion to 12.6 billion by 2020, and projected to reach 24.6 billion by 2025, the size of the global networked goods market has grown rapidly, from $61 trillion in 2015 to $1.36 trillion in 2020. We believe that in the coming years, the global network of iot equipment will be connected.
China’s iot market space is large, with 7.4 billion Chinese Internet connections in 2020 and $163 billion in Chinese Internet spending. According to Irene’s consulting data, China’s Internet connection is from China.
In 2016, 900 million people increased to 7.4 billion by 2020, and it is expected that 202.5e will break out of the $15 billion Chinese annual spending on the Internet by about $163 billion, and that 2025e will reach $30.698 billion. The huge domestic product-networking market will provide a strong guarantee for the application of simulation chips.
The landing in the field of related networking applications will lead to rapid release of simulation chips. 1.2 Supply end: high industrial concentration, low national production rates, accelerated catch-up by domestic manufacturers, such as the State of St. Helena.
Shares. According to the icinsights, the top ten simulations of the world combined generated $35.449 billion in 2020, a total of 63 per cent, down by 4 percentage points from 67 per cent in the previous year. Texas instruments ranked first with 19 per cent of the market share, with others including Yadno (9 per cent), Shitsu.
7%), British fliers (7%) and an idiosyncratic semiconductor (6%) are among the top five in the world. Thus, the competition pattern of the entire analogue sector is foreign dominated and the top 10 manufacturers have changed slightly, the pattern is very stable, the market share is stable at over 60%, and the industry has a strong and persistent posture, narrowing the others.
China is the world’s largest market for simulated chips, with a market size of $28.7 billion. According to icinsights, from $19.9 billion in 2016 to approximately the size of China’s simulated chip market in 2020.
It is expected to reach $28.7 billion a year, an increase of 22.13% over the same year. As the epidemic subsides, global deficit cores are replaced by fast domestic production, and downstream end-use markets recover, demand for simulators will continue to be pulled, and domestic markets will expand further.
Figure 41: China ' s 2016 - 2021e simulation of the size and rate of growth of the market in China The domestic simulation of the self-sufficiency rate in China is low. Our simulation chip market reached $23.5 billion in 2020, but the rate of domestic self-sufficiency was only 12 per cent, and was integrated with our country by 2020, as set out in China Manufacturing 2025
There is still a huge gap between 40% self-sufficiency and 70% self-sufficiency by 2025. Currently, domestic manufacturers have a short history of production, weak technology, high-end analogues are still dependent on overseas imports, simulation chip self-sufficiency is low, and there is still much room for national substitution.
The top five manufacturers of the domestic modelic market are overseas, accounting for 35% of the market share, fragmented patterns of competition, and national production alternatives. The domestic modelic market is still dominated by overseas manufacturers, the top five of which are overseas enterprises, with Texas instruments (13%), Eng Ji-Pu (6%), and Eng Fei-ling.
6%), Shitsu (5%) and Imitation Semiconductor (5%), which together account for 35% of the market share, and the domestic simulation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation of the imitation, i.e., the i.e., the imitation of the imitation of the imitation, i.e.a., the i.e., of the i.e., the i.e., the i.e.e., the i., the i., the i.e. the i. the i. the i. the i.e. the i.e.e. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i.e. the i.e.e.e. the i.e. the i. the i.e. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i.e. the i. the i. the i.e. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i. the i.
The level of technology is gradually decreasing, and the share of the national production simulation in the market is expected to increase further. Figure 42: Changes in China's simulation of self-sufficiency of chips, 2017-2020 Figure 43: Competition patterns in China's analogue of the market for the market.
China's simulation of chip self-sufficiency is rich in international product lines, monopolistic high-end markets, and domestic manufacturers are catching up.
At the top of the market. Our model chip manufacturers are limited to short-term development and relatively weak technology, and the product is mainly deployed in low- and medium-end markets. Currently, the country’s representative simulators are mainly São Paulo shares, Sreip and Ai electronics, and with continuous technological innovation and improved product lines, the country’s production is substituting.
The São Paulo Stock Simulation Chips are the most diverse and the power management chip has a significant advantage. The São Paulo Simulations are more than 3,500 of them, far beyond Sreap and E. Now, the global model.
There are more than 130,000 analogue chip products for a chip-head Texas device, more than 30,000 chip products for Adno, and more than 3,500, 1400 and 470 related products for the São Paulo shares, Sreip, and Ai for electricity, respectively, have been distributed as technology continues to innovate.
Compared to the overlap of the three products, the São Paulo power management chip is prominent, and Srippo, Ai is more focused on signal chain products. All three domestic modelic manufacturers are involved in power management.
Signal chainic, of which São Paulo shares products in the power chain management area are of a full variety and include products such as linear stabilizers (ldo), dc/dc converters, led drives, and power management chips; Sreips is more widely configured in the signal chain area, where products cover operations magnifiers, etc.
The motor drive and simulation switches, etc.; Aey is a relatively small type of electronic product with layouts in the fields of power management cores, operation magnifiers and motor drives.
To achieve revenue of $848 million and $457 million, Sreapo has less revenue from power management, at $22 million, and there is a large difference in the amount of income between the three. In the signal chain, in 2020, Aey received 853 million, the chain of income, the number one; Sreapo has $545 million, and the St. John's share is the largest.
Less, at $349 million, there is a smaller difference in the volume of signal chainic income compared to power management. Figure 46: Revenue from three power chain management operations in 2020 (billions) Figure 47: Revenue from three signal chain operations in 2020 (billions)
ii. Power management + signal chain, coupled with the rapid rise of São Paulo in the development of enabling states, 2.1 product varieties continue to expand, with strong growth in the two major industries and stable growth in the size of the global signal chainic and power managementic markets.
The size of the market for signal chain chips has increased from $8.405 billion in 2016 to $9.923 billion in 2020, and is expected to reach $11.817 billion in 2023, with an annual compound growth rate of about 5 per cent, as signal chain chips are further used in the intelligent wave of communications, industry and consumer electronics.
Source management chips, as an important area for simulation chips, have been widely used in such areas as automobiles, communications, industry, affordability, computing, and the market has been expanding. According to the TransparencyMarketresearch data, the market size of power management chips has increased from $19.1 billion in 2015 to 2020.
A total of $33 billion is projected to reach $57 billion in 2026, with a combined 10 per cent growth rate of 2020-2026, with accelerated deployment of 5g, a 5g switch of mobile phones, electrical automation and industrial 4.0-year-olds driving power management chip development.
The São Paulo product covers two major areas of power management and signal chains, and its variety continues to expand. Since its inception, the São Paulo stock has been focused on the development of simulation chips, which cover both signal chains and power management.
Converter, dc/dc voltage converter, dc/dc lift pressure converter, back and flash light led drive, amoled power chip, pmu, ovp and load switch, battery charge management chip, battery protection chip, motor drive chip, mosfet, etc.; signal chain model
The proposed chip consists of a variety of operation magnifiers and comparisons, audio power magnifiers, video buffers, line drivers, analogue switches, temperature sensors, mode converters (adc), digital converters (dac), electro level conversion chips, interface circuits, voltage baseline chips, mini-logic chips, etc.
▪ By the first half of 2021, the company had over 3,500 items in 25 major categories for sale, over 1,700 products for sale, widely used in consumer-type electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobiles and electronics, as well as in material networking, new energy, smart clothing,
In 2020, companies ended up with 25 major categories of products, with 1,600 sales, 2021h1, 250 new sales and 1700 sales;
2021q3 has increased sales to 1,800, with a cumulative roll-out of nearly 400 new products throughout 2021, bringing the total number of marketable products to 3,500. From downstream structures, the area of downstream application of corporate products is wide and average, with non-mobile consumer groups accounting for more than 30%, mobile phone communications about 30%, engineering control, medicine.
The combined share of treatment and auto electron was 40 per cent, compared to 2019, when companies benefited from production capacity constraints, demand and demand, as well as from rising corporate inputs. Both products showed a growth trend and will continue to grow in future, together driving performance growth.
Figure 54: Revenue from São Paulo power management products 2016-2021h1 and revenues from the same source management products (millions of dollars)
From 40.24% in 2016 to 48.73% in 2020, 2021h1 is re-innovated, reaching a chainic Māori (Māori) higher than power management (Māori). An increase in the ratio of revenue to the power management  may expose the overall Māori rate to downside risks, but with the increase in power management (Māori), the development of signal-chain products and the development of a chain of products (Māori)
The company ' s Māori ratio is expected to increase further as a result of the ongoing roll-out of the company ' s high-value products. 2.2 Distribution is dominated, with a wide variety of customers, and a low level of single-client dependency.
Wide distribution, with more end-users, makes it difficult to build their own distribution channels and high collection risk. As a bridge between chip manufacturers and end-users, dealers can effectively improve the efficiency of corporate sales by providing customers, following up on customer relationships, understanding customer demand, and preparing customers.
Over 3,000 end-users and a gradual decline in the concentration of the top five clients effectively avoids the risk of a single client dependency. Currently, companies are trading over 3,000 clients, with a gradual fragmentation of customers, while companies have accumulated and settled a large number of high-quality and loyal clients, gradually forming stronger ones.
Brand influence. Long-term and stable partnerships have been established with distributors such as Kitano Koji, Mao Jing, Tombo, Chessport, New Gains, Syborg and others, and large-scale sales are now made possible by the rich end-user resources of the distributors.
Companies have a clear advantage in terms of the quantity and quality of their customer resources. 2.3. Sustained access to high in-house R & D inputs + external M & A, catching up with international analogue taps Integrated circuits can be divided by function into analogic and digitalic.
Integrated circuits that simulate signals (e.g. sound, light, temperature, etc.) in the form of large and process continuous functions, with a breakdown of products consisting mainly of magnifiers, simulators, interface circuits, wireless and radio frequencyic, numeric conversion chips, power management of various types and drive chips, etc.: digitic refers to discrete digital signals
(e.g. binary codes expressed in 0 and 1 logic level) for arithmetic and logical operations Integrated circuits with product categories covering cpu, microprocessors, microcontrols, digital signal processing units, analogic ic with high technical barriers to digitalic, long product cycles and high dispersion. Modelic markets are high.
The main reasons for the barriers to entry are the lack of skilled modeling engineers and the design of analogue circuits more like art, which do not require substantial investment, but rather focus on functionality (performance, functional value), quality and reliability.
When a product is designed in an electronic system, the simulation company has a relatively long product cycle and a strong profitability. Specifically, the simulation chip has a long research and development cycle and relatively low capital input.
Production is different, simulation chips are typically small team models. At the same time, driven by Moore's law, digital circuits require advanced manufacturing processes to reduce their size and improve their performance, requiring substantial investment in capital. On the contrary, the capital requirements for producing analogue circuits are much lower, because they are needed.
As a result, simulation capital inputs are relatively low, and product life cycles are long, prices are relatively low, and profits are more stable. Digital chips seek to calculate.
Speed and cost require that new designs and processes be constantly introduced, while simulation chips add further to parameters such as circuit speed, resolution, power consumption. High noise ratios, low Truth, low power consumption, and high stability are the production targets for products. To achieve simulation chips.
Production targets, with longer product certification cycles, longer life cycles, and therefore longer life cycles. Most of the simulated chip products in the market have a life cycle of five years or more, and the average life expectancy of the products in the market is more than 10 years for leading firms.
Long life also means that, as a company’s product class expands, the product accumulates and the income overlaps. With the product’s longer life cycle modelic manufacturer, income increases over time as the volume of the product accumulates.
The process is low, and fewer assistive tools are highly demanding for technology and manual experience. Currently, the prototype chip is widely used in 0.18 m/0.13 m, partly in a more advanced 28nm process, with digital chip manufacturers using an advanced process of 5 nm, 7 nm and requiring chip production.
In the R & D process, unlike digitic, analogic can be supported by fewer eda tools, mostly by manual adjustment of parameters, requiring designers to master metrology features, have mature top-up structure design and cabling capabilities, and also need to manufacture crystal circle.
Processes and processes are taken into account. This requires that designers have sufficient design, engineering, and production success experience, which often takes more than 10 years to accumulate, most of the best simulations design engineers have 20-30 years experience in the area of simulation, and high industry barriers are visible.
Non-standard design and manufacture, more like art. While digital design focuses on using advanced cos process techniques to increase speed and performance and reduce costs and power, analog products are usually output signals requiring very precise specifications, typically bipolar, bicnos and
bcd manufacturing, which is the result of a fine match between circuit design and manufacturing processes, with no “standard” processes. Product specialization and market fragmentation. On the one hand, most of the modelic products are for an application.
Procedures are designed for a client and therefore often are proprietary products and are purchased exclusively, and competition is not based on price, but on function, quality, reliability and service. On the other hand, simulations of the ic market are fragmented and consist of many niche markets. Different end-users are in accuracy.
The speed, power, linearity, and signal range are different for simulating simultanium c. St. John's: increasing R & D inputs, building core technical barriers, management background, technical skills, and increasing.
As a professional design engineer at the Department of Railways, a Texas instrument engineer, the company brings together core research and development staff from industry and academia. The company’s core technical staff accounted for a solid foundation for continuing research and development in 2016-2020.
In 2020, the company spent $207 million on R & D, or 17.29 per cent of business inputs. In 2020, compared to the international giant, the Texas instrument (ti) accounted for 10.58 per cent of R & D inputs, 17.71 per cent of Adeno, 10.41 per cent of Synthesis, and corporate R & D.
The share of inputs exceeds the share of tis and stégés, followed only by Yadno. Figure 64: The share of technicians in the State of St. Helena from 2016 to 2020 Figure 65: The cost of R & D in the State and the International Simulation Large Plant from 2016 to 2020
Corporate products are being designed in a positive direction, and intellectual property rights are growing. Companies, after continuous research, have developed inputs and accumulated technology, have accumulated a wealth of experience in the development of high-performance integrated circuit products, both of which are developed autonomously by companies and are being designed. New products are being introduced on an ongoing basis.
At the same time, the technology of circuit design, product performance and intellectual property rights have steadily increased. By the first half of 2021, companies had accumulated 74 authorized patents, 115 registered integrated circuit map design certificates and 74 registered trademarks.
This growth is driven by an average of over 400 new products per year. Currently, companies add an average of 400-500 new products per year, and the promotion of various products involving power management and signal chain products becomes the main product, and the company ' s current performance growth is driven by the company ' s push in previous years.
In recent years, companies have increased their sales categories from 16 at the end of 2016 to 25 in the first half of 2021, while companies are continuing to promote various types of research and development projects.
Figure 66: Core techniques in the State of St. Helena Exterior: Intake, Acquisition of New and New parties in the State of Su, Accelerated Resource Integration, Consolidation of Market Position
Merger restructuring is an important strategy for the semiconductor industry. Especially for analogue circuit design firms, simulation chip design requires a strong combination of design capabilities, including control and understanding of the physical properties of the device, design techniques of the top-up structure, and design capabilities of the cloth wires.
It often takes more than five years to accumulate, and it takes 5 to 10 years for designers to accumulate their experience to be able to design independently. Therefore, M & As and restructuring are important ways for simulators to build up.
The global simulation locomotive Texas instrument was created in 1954, and it began a full-scale transformation in 1996, focusing on the semiconductor market for signal processing. Since 1996, the Texas instrument has been over 30 M&As. Of this, in the area of analogue circuits, in 2000, the amount of $7.6 billion was spent.
The purchase of a mock chip manufacturer, brrr-brown, consolidated its advantage in the field of data converters and amplifiers and formed a wide-ranging product group ranging from power-ic to amplifiers, to a-d/d-a converter; in 2011, Ti spent another $6.5 billion on the acquisition of semiconductors (ns) in the United States.
It laid the foundation for the next generation of signal processing technologies. It made the Texas instrument the world’s top semiconductor, especially in the area of analogue circuits, and more than half of the world’s companies followed industry trends and expanded their competitive advantage through M&As. As the market became more competitive,
The semiconductor industry is starting a new wave of integration. Since 2018, the total value of the global semiconductor M & As agreement has risen year after year, reaching an all-time high of $11.79 billion in 2020.
In the first half of 2018, Dalian Alpha Inc. was acquired to expand its indigenous research and development team: by acquiring to become the first major shareholder in the power management chip management firm, the Deep Farm Simulation Chip Race, which seeks to achieve synergies and complementarities,
The company’s products cover most of the technology types of the power management chip, including lifting/depressation.
Pressure stabilizers, linear stabilizers, mobile ic, lithium battery chargers, overpressurizers, etc., applications cover a wide range of areas such as smartphones, mids, machine cap boxes, lcdtv, etc., and complement the products of St. Bond’s shares.
Substream customers are widely recognized, including in power management, iot, etc. In 2019, Xiangtai collected 258 million yuan, a significant increase of 106% over 2018. By the first half of 2021, the State held 27.33% of Xiang Qai ' s shares directly.
The acquisition of Qingxin Sioux, which was established in January 2015 to focus on the integration of 3d high-density subsystems, and the introduction of a 3D-revolutionary micro-pressure structure, solves the problem of integrated magneticity and high voltage capacitation, which can be widely applied to power transfer.
Switching, battery charging, low noise and shielding voltage transmission, and signal processing of sensors and radio frequencies, battery chargers, power separation systems and similar fields.
In both direct and indirect ways, you hold 78.47% of the shareholdings of the young.
Power management chip business: the company generated $637 million in power management chips in the first half of 21, an increase of 107.76 per cent over the same period, and the company, as the leader of a domestic model manufacturer, benefited mainly from automobiles and industry.
The surge in demand for markets such as intelligence, the expansion of the product class of companies, the expansion of more than 400 products for sale, and the partial increase in the price of simulated chips due to a shortage of capacity, have led to a large increase in the harvest of products. In the next 2-3 years, we believe that the wave of car intelligence is generating power.
The demand for the management of chips will continue to grow, the process of nationalization will accelerate and the company will gradually expand in power management of chips, which is expected to continue to grow at a very high level. So, we anticipate the signal chain chip business: $278 million in signal chain chips in the first half of the 21st year, an increase of the same amount.
75.02 per cent, with the growth of market demand and the expansion of corporate product groups, companies have increased signal chains, benefiting from strong demand, increased product competitiveness and pressure on industrial capacity over 21 years, with a partial increase in the price of each product, and a partial increase in the Māori ratio of all product lines, with the company integrated Māori as of 21q3
The rate has reached 54.74 per cent, mainly as a result of the expansion of the product class of the company and price adjustment. Although we expect a fall in prices as production subsides in the coming year, there has been an increase in the range of high-end products in the company and a gradual decline in the cost of the company as revenue increases, up to 21q3 sales fees.
Rates of use, management costs, and R & D costs are down compared to the end of the 20th century. Because of the need for the simulation chip industry to continuously expand the product category through increased R & D inputs in order to build up the company’s core advantages, we expect that the company’s R & D rates will gradually increase.
Increased costs, but we believe that the rate of revenue will exceed the rate of cost increase, mainly because the company is now reaping more loyal customers, more sticky customers, a longer life-simulating chip product, and a much more obvious scale effect for the improbable chip industry than for the general semiconductor segmentation industry.
While corporate R&D rates increased steadily in the years 21-23, sales and management rates will gradually decline, the company recently disclosed that its performance in the first three quarters of 21 years had generated revenues of 1,535 million yuan, an increase of 77.95 per cent over the same period the previous year; and net return on repatriation of 451 million yuan, an increase of 117.93 per cent over the previous year.
8.30 and 1,112 million dollars. We've chosen as comparable companies the typical semiconductor model of the semiconductor industry, Sreapo, Ai, Stea semiconduct, etc., in the field of electronics and competition patterns. We look at the company's market position as the leader of the domestic model of the industry, benefiting from car electricization and intelligence, industrial automation.
The upgrading and the 5g-induced explosion of the networked end-uses have led to an increased demand for simulation chips, and companies are leading domestic simulations of the ic, with the gradual expansion of product classes (400-500 simulation chips per year, which will continue to grow each year in the next 3-5 years as the number of R & D inputs and customers increases),
With the rapid growth of downstream clients and high R & D building core technical barriers, and the gradual expansion of business lines through M & D, and the build-up of alternative domestic production opportunities from global core deficits, companies are expected to increase their market share even further in the future. We believe that companies will have several times as much room to grow in the future as they can expect by reference to wind's unanimous expectation of 2022e flat.
Downstream demand is not as risky as expected: overseas market expansion will face differences in law, culture, and user habits, which, if not expanded as expected, will affect the company’s sales earnings and profitability. Industry competition increases.
Risks, which affect the company’s income and profitability. Raw material price increases. The chip deficit continues, crystal-crystal production becomes more risky, and we expect the crystal-crystal worker deficit to continue into 22 years, with the company’s raw materials at risk of rising prices as the surrogate capacity continues to stagnate.
If exchange rate fluctuations are large, the company’s revenues and profits will be affected.
Click here to enter text.