The Great Wall Car (60163.sh) Huffh6 release, which opens the new energy transition, and the company's research.
The car. The car. Tang Xuxia.
On August 22, the company released its new energy brand strategy, which will account for 80% of the company’s new energy sales in 2025, and will officially suspend the fuel truck in 2030. Meanwhile, the third generation of h6 lemon blended dht sales will be published simultaneously, with a price of $149.8 million for dht-phev55km and a pre-sale price of $168.8 million for dht-phev55km and a pre-sale price of $176.8 million for 110km.
As Huff's main vehicle model, deep-farming economy suv market, subject to shortages of materials such as chips and inadequate electric vehicle models since 2021, sales are under pressure, and we believe that as the hybrid model is rolled out and the pressure on the production end is reduced, it is expected that sales will continue to increase. As the largest whole car section under the Wall, Hoff will make a full transformation of the new energy source by “new energy suv experts.”
Given the full digitalization of the Great Wall car, which is based on the “Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart” and the ability to build the money, improve product competitiveness, and the new platform is expected to lead to a new, powerful cycle of products, with companies acting as autonomous car companies.
Haferh6 announces a super-mixed dht sales price, starts a new energy transformation, and on August 22, Hover announces a new energy branding strategy for a third generation of h6 lemons and dht bingo stars. Hover's third generation of h6dht is a decent car. The Great Wall car will give the best new energy technology lemon blended dht to Haffer's brand, while the Hover brand will be launched from "China's Suv Global Leadership."
The launch will be synchronized with the launch of a brand-new logo, with the first-strategy model being the third generation of lemons mixed with dht. The third generation of h6dht cars with super-mixed dht technology with 1.5t vortexed motors and electric motors.
Toggles four modes of pure electricity, collusiveness, collusiveness, power recovery, with a combined fuel consumption of 4.9 litres and a combined range of more than 1,000 kilometres. The model follows the model of the fuel-based H6supreme+ model, the front-face design is borderless, and the upper and lower gas vents are equipped with a point-stringed grid, with a strong visual impact. And logo uses blue as the bottom colour, highlighting the identity of its new energy vehicle.
Figure 3: Huff's 3rd generation H6dht interiors use the "Future aesthetic" thinking, where the medium-control layout stretches the visual width of the vehicle by horizontally moving lines. At the same time, the vehicle is equipped with a tri-irradiated steering wheel and 10.25-inch LCD and 12.3-inch suspended control screens, plus 10-inch Hud ups and ups.
Three screens are now connected. The vehicle in-board vehicle system is based on the ardroid system, which has built up the Gold Map, the Aichi video, and the voice shaker applications. Moreover, the new car also supports the upgrade of the fota.
The shortage of materials, such as chips, and the shortage of electric vehicles, the burden of sales, we believe will continue to contribute to the increase in sales as the hybrid model is rolled out and the pressure on the production end is reduced. Hafer has issued a brand-new logo and announced the transformation of the new energy brand.
The new energy strategy, officially released by the Hafer brand, will open up a whole new experience for users, with a completely new posture of “new energy suv experts.” By 2025, the Wall will have 80% of the sales of new vehicles, and the fuel truck will be officially stopped in 2030.
Figure 8: Hafer ' s new flat flattening vehicle logo Figure 9: The new energy target for the Wall ' s automobiles, Hover ' s brand is the backbone of the Great Wall ' s sales (long-term sales over 70 per cent), with 93.8 million vehicles sold in 2016, an increase of 41.59 per cent over the same period;
In 2017-2018, as a result of the downside of the market, Huff's sales continued to decline at a rate of about 10%; in 2019, the pick-up was positive, and the same-year-olds began to experience short pressure from chip shortages, and as the chips and long-triangular supply chains eased, the sales ring ratio improved significantly. On June 18, the Hafer beast formally listed Dht, with a price of $15.38-16.58 million, and the Haffer Beast mixed dht with an ad hoc hybrid system.
High-level 1.5t motors developed, with a four-cylinder engine that is smoother and more static than a three-cylinder engine, and more comfortable with a car's body. A straight-in-the-moment mixer structure with a mainstream car mix.
Wey was founded in 2016, opened its first 4s shop in June 2017, and sold 864,000 cars that year. Wey sold it in 2018.
After that, wey's sales began to fall, falling by more than 20 per cent in 2019 and 2020, and are now below the level of the Wall's vehicles. Wey's sales in the first three quarters of 2021 did not go as well as the Wall's cars average, and four quarters began to climb as chip supplies recovered.
Since May 2020, the Great Wall Pika has been selling more than 20,000 vehicles since May 2020. Driven by innovation, the Great Wall is now running two years and eight months into the city, and sales have gone up by 300,000. The strong growth in pickup sales has been closely linked to national policy. Local governments have continued to liberalize the Pika into the city since 2016, with the introduction of a pickup ban policy in Chongqing, Jiangxi, Hubei, Shandong, etc. This year, and the domestic pickup market is on the way.
Rapid growth. With the benefit of rising consumption, pickups are expected to be a further substitute for the demand for microscopic, light, micro-cards and light cards in the area of commercial vehicles; by demand, policies are being lifted and the vehicle environment significantly improved. Picards are expected to become multi-use vehicles, reaching people in one-to-three-line cities, meeting the demand for outdoor activities of higher-income people in cities, and significantly expanding the pickup market.
The circular on a solid economic package of policy measures clearly states that “the introduction of fine management of the entry of pick-up trucks into the city and the study of further easing of the restrictions on entry of pick-up trucks”; and that the first technical standard for pickups, the General Technical Conditions for Multipurpose Trucks, has been formally implemented in the country, and that pickups have taken a crucial step in the transformation of identity.
Figure 15: Single-month sales of pickup cards in July 2020-2022 (millions) Figure 16: Annual sales of 2015-2021 pickups (millions) Table 2: Policies related to the lifting of pickup cards
In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, sales continued to decline and began to rebound in July 2020. In December 2021, Eurola sold 21,000 vehicles, reaching an all-time high.
Figure 17: Eura single month sales in July 2020-2022 (millions) Figure 18: 2018-2021 annual sales (millions)
The Sleeping Beauty and Swan Lake editions, the newest public “guardian model” at Eura's premiere, and to the Global Car, figure 19: Eura Ballet Cats Tank brands: outside the Hover-represented city-style suv and the horse-breathed hard-to-land suv, the larger share of the market is in the city.
Type-suv. In the context of urban travel, a more rigid, personal and tidal direction could be introduced, with 12,000 vehicles sold per month and 85,000 per year. In 2022, tank heat continued to rise, with 28,000 tanks sold in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of 49 per cent.
Figure 20: Single-month tank sales in July 2021-2022 (millions) “Four Strategic Positioning” leading the smart electric new track, the Great Wall car transformation “Globalization Technology Travel Company” The Wall car will be transformed to “Globalization Technology Travel Company.” The Wall will be based on “Global Large Layout”, “R & D Big Inputs”, “Business Big Business”
Change and the new positioning of "User Power" are comprehensive, radical innovations, sustained competitiveness, new track-runs, and the transformation of the Wall into a global technology company. “Green Tide” strategic-type innovation, six brands matrix aided a sales target of 4 million in 2025.
Global annual sales target of 4 million vehicles, 80% of which will be new energy vehicles, generating more than $600 billion. To achieve the goal of full new sales and revenue, the Wall has launched a “green mind game” strategy, “green carbon neutralization”, cognitive intelligence, global tidal wave, and a four-pronged game of wisdom.
Figure 23: The Great Wall's strategic goal of 2025 was released, based on product innovation and branding, to form a six-fold brand matrix. (1) The Wall's Pekka's position is a “Pika Leader” whose goal is to create the top three pickup brands. (2) The Haffer brand position is a “China suv global leader” and will continue to deepen the economic suv market. (3) Wey
The branding of the new generation of smart cars is dedicated to providing users with an intelligent car experience. (4) The Eurola branding of the global favorite women's car brand will focus more on the city's best performances. (5) The tank branding of the "tidal game suv" is dedicated to the creation of the world's first cross-country brand. (6) The Sharon brand positioning of the "genuine smart bev" will be based on the concepts of luxury, technology, and comfort.
In the context of a new strategy for energy security and the establishment of a “double carbon” goal, the Great Wall is expected to achieve full carbon neutrality in 2045. The Wall is well ahead of schedule, fully responsive, continuing to deepen its path towards electrodynamic development.
Precision of inputs in the three main areas of kinetic, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, successive strategies and advanced technologies to ensure the rapid landing of many mature products, providing a powerful boost to the realization of the Great Wall's strategic goal of 2025. The Wall is now home to such intelligent organizations as product digitization centres, innovation technology, etc. In terms of car intelligence, the Wall's smart driving and smart cabins are already on the ground, in terms of intelligence services.
The Great Wall car is also accelerating, thus facilitating the shift of entire industries’ ecology to the back end of the value chain. Globalization is continuing. In 2021, the Wall's strategic goal of 2025 was set out, based on the positioning of the “big investment in research and development” and “big business change” and the “large user operation” of the Great Wall's vehicle, which continues to drive comprehensive and radical innovation, and to globalize intelligent technology.
In order to achieve this goal, companies will focus on research and development, production, marketing systems, and talent-building for globalization. In terms of research and development, the Wall Car has established R & D centres in several countries, including the United States, Japan, Germany, and India, with the Chinese headquarters at its core, covering the global R & D layout in Europe, Asia, and North America, covering the full range of R & D, core parts, new energy, and intelligence.
In terms of production, the Wall has built a full-scale vehicle production base in Thailand, Brazil, etc., and has set up several kd factories. In terms of marketing, it has accelerated innovation for change. In 2021, the Wall Cars published a second equity incentive plan, which, together with the 2020 equity incentive scheme, cumulatively awarded over 10,000 people, covering 50% of the core workforce.
Small front desk, creating a global 3.0-page organizational structure, creating a diverse and complementary top management team, and breaking the frame of rank and history, boldly opening new people. A large number of young cadres after 90 have come to the center of the stage, showing the lives of the younger generations of the Great Wall. The company achieved a net return profit of 85/131.1 billion yuan a year.
Smart” "Intelligent " , with the ability to build and improve product competitiveness, the new platform is expected to lead to a new cycle of strong products, with companies acting as autonomous car companies.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject