The Great Wall Car (60163.sh) reported performance forecast: optimized product structure plus exchange gains, enhanced performance
On July 14, 2022, the Great Wall car was released to benefit from the company’s optimization of the product structure, rising prices for single cars, increases in Māori and Māori rates, and gains in exchange rates.
Huff sells 167,000 vehicles (28 per cent, Ring - 27 per cent); Wey sells 1.37 million vehicles (same - 33 per cent, Ring - 45 per cent); Picard sells 43,000 vehicles (13 per cent, Ring + 19 per cent); Ora sells 33,000 vehicles (18 per cent, Ring - 22 per cent); tanks sell 25,000 vehicles (same + 49 per cent, Ring + 12 per cent).
Intelligent electricization accelerates transformation, globalization continues, and innovation for change accelerates. The Wall has a precise input in the three main areas of mixing, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, strategies and advanced technologies.
In terms of intelligence, there are already products in the field of smart driving and smart cabins. In 2021, the company proposed a transition to a global smart technology company, with more than 900,000 vehicles sold overseas in several countries and regions.
Created a global 3.0 version of the organizational architecture through the Power Backstage, the Big Centre, and the Small Front.
Piccard brand + 26%, Huff + 2.6%, Wey – 26%. Relying on "Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart," The Great Wall Car (601633.sh) – Four Quarters with an all-time average of one-car prices, electric intelligence, power-building skills, a new platform that is expected to lead to a new cycle of product strength, supply-side pressure in 2022.
The company is determined to push for a change in brands upwards and new channel patterns to ensure the stability of profits.
Key Events Rapid Review: The Wei brand strategy, we maintain the company ' s profit forecast, with a net return of 85/131.181 billion yuan in 22-24, and the company is expected to benefit significantly from the recovery of the industry and a new platform as an autonomous vehicle leader.
On 14 July 2022, the Great Wall vehicle was released under the recurrent influence of the epidemic in Shanghai, Guangzhou and all over the country, with sales falling in the second quarter by the same ring ratio. In terms of sales, the total q2 sales in 22 years were 282,000 (same as 16%, ring 17%).
167,000 vehicles (square to 28 per cent, ring to 27 per cent); 137,000 vehicles sold by Wey (square to 33 per cent, ring to 45 per cent); 43,000 vehicles sold by pickup cards (square to 13 per cent, ring to 19 per cent); 33,000 vehicles sold by Ora (square to 18 per cent, ring to 22 per cent); 25,000 vehicles sold by tanks (square to 49 per cent, ring to 12 per cent).
Hafer's brand is the bulk of the Great Wall sales (long-term sales of more than 70%), with 93.8 million vehicles sold in 2016, an increase of 41.59% over the same period; in 2017-2018, the volume of Hover's sales continued to fall by 2% over the same year, as a result of the downside of the traffic. Sales began to rebound in May 2020, and in 2021 q3 became subject to the same sales.
During the second quarter of the year, mainly affected by recurrent outbreaks and chip shortages, Huff brand sales were 122,000, a 28 per cent decline compared to the same year, and the ring a 27 per cent decline compared to the previous quarter. On June 18, the Huff Beast was officially listed, with a price of $1538-1658,000 and the Huff Beast mixed.
Dht carries a high-level 1.5t engine, which is designed for hybrid systems. The four-cylinder engine is smoother, more static and more comfortable with car experience than the three-cylinder engine.
Directly and economically, with more adaptive driving scenes, wider coverage, stronger power output, and more responsive to the needs of a wide range of users. Haffers mixes the wltc standard of dht. Fuel consumption is only 5.5l, which is nearly 50% lower than conventional fuel suv, a tank.
Oil can continue more than 1,000 km, figure 9: Hafer beasts mix dht 10,000. Wey brand sales in 2018 were 13.9 million, an increase of 61.39%. Wey sales since then.
Wey's sales in the first three quarters are not as good as the Wall's vehicle average, and four quarters have begun to recover with chip supplies, and the Wall's pickups have remained largely above 20,000 since May 2020. Cataloguing innovation has driven the Wall's cannons to the market for two years and eight months now, and sales have surpassed 300,000.
Since 2016, local governments have been liberalizing Picard’s entry into the city, and this year’s policies have been implemented in Chongqing, Jiangxi, Hubei, Shandong, etc. The domestic pickup market is expected to grow rapidly.
The demand for cards, multiplied by demand, is constantly being lifted at the policy level, the vehicle environment is improving significantly, and the pickup is expected to become a multi-purpose vehicle, reaching people in one-to-three-line urban consumption, meeting the demand for outdoor activities of the higher-income urban population, and expanding the pickup market significantly. This year, the State Council issued a publication entitled " Promulgation for a stable economy " .
The circular on outreach policy measures explicitly states that “the introduction of fine management of the entry of pick-up trucks into the city and the study of further easing of the restrictions on the entry of pick-up trucks into the city”; and that the first technical standard for pickups, Multi-purpose Trucking and Technical Conditions, is officially implemented in the country, which represents a crucial step towards the transformation of identity.
In the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, sales continued to decline and began to rebound in July 2020. In December 2021, 21,000 vehicles were sold, reaching an all-time high.
Figure 15: Annual sales of 2018-2021 Euros (millions) 12 July: Ola Ballet on the market for $193,000 - $223,000, divided into four versions: the Alice, the walnut, the Sleeping Beauty and the Swan Lake editions, as the Euratom female lead driver, Ballet
Cats release the latest open “guard model” and make the patent available to global car companies. Tank brands: In addition to the urban suv, represented by Haver, and the hard-core suv, represented by the horseman, the market share is larger than the urban suv.
In this context, the tank brand operated independently in April 2021. The tank’s 300-heat level remained high, with sales in December, and 28,000 tanks sold in the second quarter of the year, an increase of 49%.
The "Four Strategic Positionings" leads the smart electric new track, the Wall's car transformation, the "Globalization Technology Travel Company" and the Wall's vehicle transition to "Globalization Technology Traveling Company." The Wall's vehicle will be fully and thoroughly created on the basis of the new positioning of "Global Large Layout", "Researching Big Inputs", "Changes in Business" and "Commercial Big Business"
New changes, sustained competitiveness, a new track to drive the Wall ' s cars to a globalized technology company. Year after year, the Wall ' s plan is to achieve a global annual sales target of 4 million vehicles, 80% of which will be new energy vehicles, with an operating income of over $600 billion.
Strategy, Green Carbon Neutrality, Cognitive Smartness, Global Tide Tide, and the Four Directions of Wisdom. Figure 19: Great Wall Cars 2025 Strategy - “Green Mind Play” Figure 20: Wall Cars 2025 Strategic Objectives released
The goal is to create the top three brands of the world’s pickups. (2) Haffer’s branding of “China’s suv global leader” will continue to plow deep into the economy’s suv market. (3) Wey’s branding of the new generation of smart cars.
In order to provide users with an intelligent car experience. (4) Ora brands the world's favorite women's car brands, which will focus more on the city's best products. (5) Tank brands the world's first cross-country brands. (6) Sharon brands the luxury smart bev brands, which will be extremely powerful.
In the context of the new energy security strategy and the “double carbon” goal, the Great Wall is expected to be fully carbon-neutral in 2045.
In response, the continuous deepening of the path of motor vehicle electro-dynamic development, the continuous use of precision inputs in the three main areas of hybridity, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, and the subsequent introduction of strategies and advanced technologies to ensure that a number of mature products quickly landed, providing a powerful boost to the realization of the Great Wall's strategic goal of 2025.
Intelligent organizations, such as the Center, Nolect, and others. In the area of car intelligence, the Great Wall’s smart driving and smart seating is already on the ground, and the Wall’s cars are moving faster in the area of intelligence services, thus facilitating the shift of the entire industry’s ecology to the back end of the value chain.
Globalization continues. In 2021, the Great Wall vehicle proposed a strategic goal of 2025, based on the positioning of the “global big picture” “R & D big investment” “business big change” and “user big business”, and the Wall’s continuous drive for full-scale, radical innovation and transformation to a globalized smart technology firm. To achieve this goal, the company will
In the area of research and development, the Great Wall has established research and development centres in several countries, including the United States, Japan, Germany, and India, with the Chinese headquarters as the core hub, covering Europe, Asia, North America, with a comprehensive coverage of the entire vehicle, core parts, and new ones.
In terms of production, the Great Wall automobiles have built full-scale manufacturing bases in Thailand, Brazil, etc., and several kd factories. In terms of sales, by the end of 2021, the Wall gas accelerated the innovation of change.
Incentives, two periods of equity incentives, cumulatively awarded to more than 10,000 people, covering 50% of the core workforce. With regard to the organization of change, the Great Wall vehicle created a global 3.0 version of its organizational structure, creating a diverse and complementary top management team, and breaking the regulatory framework of grades and qualifications.
A large number of young cadres, after 90 years, have come to the center of the stage to demonstrate the dynamism and innovation of a generation of Great Wallers. Profit predictions: considering the company’s production constraints due to a lack of core and the impact of higher prices for raw materials on profitability.
Based on the "Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart", the power to build, the competitiveness of products, and the promise of a new platform to bring about a new cycle of strong production, the company, as the leader of the autonomous car, is expected to be profitable and flexible, and is expected to be significantly assured by the author that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author