The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) reported a 59% improvement in performance in the first half of the year, Hover's brand opening up a full-scale transformation of new energy sources, cars and passenger cars.
The product structure was optimized to add up the exchange gains, with a 59% increase in performance over the same year. The company achieved operating income in the first half of the year, with a rise in the price of bicycles and a sharp increase in the exchange rate gains.
+9.04pc. The main reason is that the company optimizes its product structure, and the price of bicycles rises to raise Maori.
The Division issues a third-generation sale price of th6 lemon dht for $149.8 million, a pre-sale price of dhtphev55km for $160.8 million, and a pre-sale price of $17.6 million for 110km. In addition, it issues a new energy package strategy, and Hoff will make a full transformation of the new energy source by “new energy suv experts”.
Smart motorization accelerates transformation, globalization continues, and innovation for change accelerates. The Great Wall has three main areas of blending, pure electricity, hydrogen energy, with precision inputs, successive strategies and advanced technologies.
In terms of intelligence, there are already products in the field of smart driving and smart cabins. 2021 The Great Wall Cars (60163.sh) - Reported performance evaluation: optimized product structure
The company proposes a transition to a globalized smart technology firm that will be developing, producing, selling and developing in a globalized world.
In terms of organizational change, the Great Wall has created a global 3.0 version of its organizational structure through the “Strength Backstage, Big Centre, Small Front”.
The Division achieved a net profit of 85/131.18.1 billion yuan, equivalent to 36/24/17 times. Given the complete digitalization of the Great Wall car, which is based on the "Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart" and the "Café Smart", the blasts, the ability to build, the competitiveness of products, the new platform is expected to lead to a new cycle of product strength.
The product structure is optimized, with a rise in single-car sales prices combined with a sharp increase in exchange rate gains. The product structure is optimized, and the Māori ratio rose.
Exchange rate gains have increased, and the financial cost rate has declined significantly. In 2022, the rate for h1 company IV was 7.52%, a decrease in the same ratio, and a significant reduction in financial costs, mainly as a result of increased corporate exchange earnings, from dynamic and new vehicle-type projects.
Total sales in 22 years amounted to 282,000 vehicles (16 per cent, Ring 17 per cent). q2 brands showed that Huff sold 167,000 vehicles (28 per cent, Ring 27 per cent); Wey sold 137,000 vehicles (33 per cent, Ring 45 per cent); Picard sold 43,000 vehicles (13 per cent, Ring + 19 per cent); Ora sold 33,000 vehicles (+18 per cent, Ring - 22 per cent);
Tank sales of 25,000 vehicles (year-on-year + 49 per cent, ring + 12 per cent). Figure 9: Company sales per quarter (millions) Figure 10: Company sales per quarter
Hafer's brand is the bulk of the Great Wall sales (long-term sales of more than 70%), with 93.8 million vehicles sold in 2016, an increase of 41.59% over the same period; in 2017-2018, the volume of Hover's sales continued to fall by 2% over the same year, as a result of the downside of the traffic. Sales began to rebound in May 2020, and in 2021 q3 became subject to the same sales.
In the second quarter of the year, mainly affected by recurrent outbreaks and chip shortages, Huff brand sales were 122,000, a 28% drop in comparison with the previous year, and the ring fell 27%. As of July 2022, Hover's global aggregate sales exceeded 7.5 million.
Mobilize the matrix, and the Hover brand will move further to the new energy track. On June 18, the Hafer beast officially appeared on the market, with a price of $1538-1658,000, and the Hafer Beast, with a high-level 1.5t engine dedicated to the hybrid system, which is a four-cylinder-structured engine compared to three.
The engine is more smooth, quiet, and more comfortable with the car experience. In contrast to the mainstream car mixer, the Huff Beast mixer dht uses two dht transmission tanks, with the power, the power, the power, the economy, the ability to adapt to the driving scene, the wider coverage, the power output.
And it's stronger, and it's more responsive to the needs of a wide range of users. The wrtc standard of the Hafer monster mixes dht with a fuel consumption of only 5.5l, which is nearly 50% lower than the conventional fuel suv, and a tank of oil can continue more than 1,000 km.
On August 22, the company released its new energy branding strategy, which is the largest whole car block under the Wall's flag, and Hover will make a full transformation of the new energy source by “new energy suv experts.” By 2025, the new energy model of the Wall will have been sold 80% as a percentage of the total volume of new vehicles, with fuel trucks officially suspended in 2030.
On August 22, the company issued a third-generation sale price of th6 lemon dht for $149.8 million, dht-phev 55km for $168.8 million, and X10.68 million for 110km.h6 as Hover's main vehicle, deep-cultivated economy suv market, subject to shortages of materials such as chips and inadequate electric vehicle models since 2021
The problem is that sales are under pressure, and we think that with the hybrid model roll-out and the pressure at the end of production, it is likely to continue to be worth more than 10,000 vehicles. In 2018, wey brand sales were 13,950,000, an increase of 61.39 per cent over the same period. After that, wey sales in the first three quarters of the quarter of the year fell short of the Great Wall's average, and four quarters began to recover with chip supplies.
Sales continue to climb. In the third quarter of this year, the mocha laser radar version will be officially launched, with new cars on the noh high-level smart-ass driving technology of the city, where noh will become China’s first-volume city-aided driving system, and we will continue to move towards high-end smart new energy brands.
Figure 16: Wey single-month sales in July 2020-2022 (millions)
Driven by two years and eight months of the Great Wall, sales are now out of 300,000. Strong growth in pickup sales is closely linked to national policy. Local governments have been liberalizing pickup-in-town restrictions since 2016, and have introduced pickup-free policies this year in Chongqing, Jiangxi, Hubei, Shandong, etc. The domestic pickup market is expected to grow rapidly.
Taking advantage of the rising consumption, pickups are expected to further replace the demand for microscopic, light, micro-cards and light cards in the area of commercial vehicles. By demand, policies continue to be lifted and the vehicle environment significantly improved. Picards are expected to become a multi-use vehicle, reaching people in one-to-three-line cities and meeting the outdoor needs of higher-income urban populations.
This year, the State Department issued a circular on policy measures to secure a solid economy, which explicitly states that “the introduction of fine management of pickup trucks into the city and research into further easing the restrictions on pickup trucks from entering the city”; and that the first technical standard for pickups in the country, Multipurpose Trucks, is “Multi-Purpose”
A key step in the transformation of identity has been taken with the formal implementation of the Technical Conditions, the Circulation Implementation Programme (2019-2020) and the Jilin Provincial People’s Government’s Plan for Accelerated Development of Circulation for Commercial Consumption, which removes restrictions on the entry and movement of pickup vehicles into the city.
The Ministry of Commerce, the State, and local business authorities are actively promoting the introduction of new car purchase subsidies, automobiles “for the development of reform commissions, for the rehabilitation of commercial and tradable enterprises”, the lifting of the entry restrictions on pickups, the promotion of second-hand cars to facilitate transactions, etc.
Automotive promotion activities are being promoted, and the business authorities in the regions where the measures are being implemented are actively promoting the optimization of the National Commission on Health and Health (CONAH) Measures to limit the purchase of motor vehicles and to stabilize and expand their consumption.
The Ministry of Commerce has further relaxed registration requirements for “light multi-purpose trucks” (commonly known as “piccards”) when,
The light multi-purpose van not only can apply for registration and registration of the original minibus line, but can also be registered in the light of the current model for the management of the minibus "c" (the nature of the vehicle is limited to "the non-Oura brand created in 2018, which focuses on the design and development of the pure electric vehicle).
During the first half of 2020, affected by the epidemic, sales in the Eurasia continued to decline and began to rebound in July 2020. In December 2021, Eurola sold 21,000 vehicles, a record high. On July 12, the Eura Ballet cat was placed on the market at a cost of $193,000 to $223,000, divided into four versions: love.
Lisbeth, walnut, Sleeping Beauty and Swan Lake are the most recent open “guardian model” at the Euratoms launch and the patent will be made available to global car companies.
Tank brands: In addition to the urban suv, represented by Hafer, and the urban suv, represented by the horseman, the larger share of the market is the urban suv. In the context of the city's travel, the “enemy” direction could be to launch a more rigid, personal, tidal brand, while continuing the suv brand of the wind.
In this context, in April 2021, tank brands were run independently. Tank 300 was still high, sold in December, with 28,000 tanks sold in the second quarter of the year, an increase of 49%.
The Great Wall car will be based on the new orientation of the “global landscape”, “research for big investment”, “business for big change” and “user for big business” to create comprehensive and radical new changes, to build competitiveness, to lead the new track, and to drive the Wall for global technology.
Figure 24: "Four Strategic Positionings" leads, and the Wall has been transformed into a global technology company. Year after year, the Wall 's Cars Plan achieved a global annual sales target of 4 million vehicles, 80% of which will be new energy vehicles, with operating revenues of over $600 billion. To achieve the goal of full new sales and revenues of 2025, the Wall launched the Green Tide Game.
The strategy, green carbon neutrality, cognitive intelligence, global tidal booms, and crowds of minds are in four main directions. Building a six-fold brand matrix based on product-based innovation and branding. (1) Placing the Great Wall Pika Lead, the goal of which is to create the world’s top three pickup brands. (2) Hover’s branding of “China’s suv global leader”
Leadr, who will continue to till the economy-style suv market. (3) Wey's branding of a new generation of smart cars, dedicated to providing intelligent car experiences for users. (4) Ola's branding of the world's favorite women's cars.
To create the world’s first cross-country brand. (6) Sharon’s branding of the luxury smart bev will create a driving experience based on the idea of great luxury, great technology, great comfort. Figure 27: The Great Wall’s six brands.
In the context of the new strategy for energy security and the establishment of the “double carbon” goal, the Great Wall is expected to achieve full carbon neutrality in 2045. The Wall will be pre-positioned, fully responsive, continuously deepening its path to electro-dynamic development, and will continue to refine in three main areas: mixing, pure electricity, hydrogen energy.
Pre-inputs, successive strategies and advanced technology to ensure that a number of mature products quickly arrive, provide a powerful boost to the realization of the Great Wall's strategic goal of 2025. The Wall has now developed smart organizations such as digitizing its products, technology, and innovation. In terms of car intelligence, the Wall's smart driving and intelligent seating.
In the cabin area, there are already landed products, and the Great Wall car is moving faster in terms of smart services, thus facilitating the shift of the entire industry's ecology to the back end of the value chain. Globalization is continuing. In 2021, the Wall proposed a strategic goal of 2025, based on the “global big picture.”
In order to achieve this goal, companies will focus on global research and development, production, marketing systems, and human capacity-building. In terms of research and development, the Great Wall is a powerful engine for innovation.
The vehicle has established R & D centres in several countries, including the United States, Japan, Germany, India, with a Chinese headquarters as the core for global R & D, covering Europe, Asia, North America, with a comprehensive coverage of research and development in the areas of whole cars, core parts, new energy sources, and intelligence.
In terms of sales, by the end of 2021, the Great Wall had accelerated the innovation of change. In 2021, the Great Wall vehicle released its second equity incentive scheme, which, together with the 2020 equity incentive scheme, was awarded cumulatively to more than 10,000 people, covering 50% of the core workforce.
In the area of change, the Great Wall car has created a global 3.0 version of the organizational structure through the “Strength Backstage, Big Centre, Small Front” to create a diverse and complementary top management team and to break the framework of grades, qualifications and boldly activate new people. A large number of young cadres, after 90 years, have come to the center of the stage to show a young one.
With the impact of profitability, we maintain the company’s forecast of profitability, with the company expected to realize a net return profit in 2022-2024, based on the “Lemon + Tank + Coffee Smart.”
With a view to bringing about a new cycle of product strength in which the company, as the leader of the autonomous vehicle, is flexible and profitable, is expected to be significantly influenced by the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.