Tianfu Communications (300394), business is well developed and looks forward to the development of old and new products in south-west securities.
Summary of performance: The company published its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $207 million during the reporting period, an increase of 20.91 per cent over the same period and a net return to the mother of $54 million, a decrease of 10.89 per cent over the same period; steady growth in business activity, driven by steady growth in business income, with the market environment and investment in new products reducing the net return to the mother.
In the first half of 2018, operating income grew by 20.91% on a year-on-year basis, driven mainly by growth in traditional product lines. The company’s traditional product lines, such as ceramic cylinders, photovoltaic components, fibre optic adapters, were firmly at the forefront of the market at the mid-to-high end; the same time, new product lines were upgraded, high-density cable connectors, light separators, OSa high-speed light devices, etc.
The growth of corporate business income is driven by a steady growth in the volume of production in size. The net profit on corporate returns fell by 10.89 per cent over the year, with a Māori rate of 48.71 per cent, down 11 points from the same period last year, mainly due to the market environment, competitive strategies, sustained investment in research and development of new products, and insufficient scale effects of production of new product lines.
0.6 points: 19.81 per cent increase in sales costs over the year, mainly due to higher costs of travelling to more than one location abroad: 25.38 per cent increase in management costs over the same year, mainly due to increases in the salaries of managers and in research and development inputs; 2094.63 per cent decrease in financial costs over the same year, decrease in exchange rate fluctuations from the United States dollar to the renminbi and interest on fund management
In the first half of 2018, there was a slowdown in demand for PV services in the company’s PV industry, competition in the overall market, price pressure on PVs, and a decline in Māori rates. The data centre’s demand for high-speed light modules was on the same scale.
With faster growth, the company seizes the opportunity to roll out the light-sourced osa product, extend the product line, and improve product competitiveness by upstream and downstream. The company has developed such products as ceramic tubes, fibre optic adapters, optical hair components, osa odm high-speed optical devices, optical separators, mpo high-density cable connectors, fibre optic lenses (fiber)
In the future, the company’s performance is expected to pick up as the demand for data flows increases and the 5-g layout improves.
Founded in 2005 and marketed in 2015 on a deep-seated business board, Tienfu communication is a national high-technology enterprise that combines research, development, production, and marketing. It is a leading provider of sophisticated software solutions for light network connections, with a wide range of products for telecommunications, data communications, and material networking.
1.1 Extension of product lines, integrated layout of nine major product series Companies with many global leading processes and proprietary technologies, optical components and lightless non-sourced devices form the backbone of their business Companies with a senior multinational technology research and development and management team that adheres to high-end market positioning and high-quality product concepts and focuses on research and development
In line with market orientation, several of the world's leading processes, such as oxidizing ceramics, plastics, metals, etc., have accumulated, patented technology: the company has formed nine large units, including ceramic tubes, fibre-optic adapters, hair-receiving components, Osaoodm high-speed optical devices, optical isolation devices, mpo high-density cable connectors, fibreglass mirrors (fiberlens), optical plating films, core plugs, etc.
Integrated layout of product series, vertical integration of industry series, one-stop product solution for clients. 1.2 Main-camp operations are steadily developing, source-based products are creating new perspectives, main-camp operations are steadily developing and business income is growing at a slower rate.
The traditional main business luminous devices have maintained their business income-driven position, with 92% in 2017, 7% in 2017, and 1% in others. Meanwhile, revenues from new product luminous luminous devices have been growing faster, at 46% in 2017, with significant potential for development and 8% in 2017 and slower.
(1) The company ' s traditional dominant business of lightless devices has recently slowed down, but as demand for light communications has increased, the rate of lightless devices is expected to pick up. Orders for lightless devices are expected to increase by about 28 per cent, respectively, between 2018 and 2020. (2) Sales of new products of the company ' s light-sourced devices have increased, better than expected, and the company has further increased its demand for light.
Research and development inputs for source devices are added to the low base effect. The order for light source devices is expected to increase by 50% from 2018 to 2020 at a rate of 50%.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.