The land, sea and the build-up of the reforms have led to a second drop in the head of the striker on 24th of July, 2022.
The research assistant, Xu Sheng, is the country's double-haired heavy-powered striker leader. Shen Fei is the country's two-haired heavy-powered striker leader, benefiting deep from the military build-up strategy of the Strategic Air Force and the Marine Navy; and the double-heavy attack on the sea.
Strong, with the effect of expanding the damage effects, is the main component of the country's military wing. The Division is currently in 3.5-generation stages, with four-generation aircraft at the point of immediate secondary release. In information-based combat conditions, military aircraft are expected to raise the sensitivity of complex electromagnetic environments and anti-hidden bodies.
The viability and offensiveness of the detection conditions, the electronic warplane type, represented by j-16d, and the medium-sized four-generation invisible aircraft, represented by j-35, are expected to continue to contribute to the growth of the company.
The only fixed-wing aircraft platform in the country, in addition to the type of aircraft represented by j-15/j-35, will develop multi-type special maritime aircraft. Benefiting from the planning of the naval carrier ' s construction, the next step is expected to rise to 100,000 tons with the introduction of the 80,000 Fujian electric and magnetic missile carrier.
The number is expected to reach 80, our long coastline and the growing global interest in predicting the need for six to eight carrier battles, and the future construction of the ocean navy will make the effective lift of the company's ship-carrying operation a new business growth point.
In the future, the four-generation aircraft will act as a command and information hub, leading different types of wingmen to conduct reconnaissance and strike missions, with drone intelligence, and a more effective cluster advantage. By the example of the gj11 shown by the national parade, the future will match the four-generation Invisible.
The aircraft is mounted with a significant amount of demand, and Shen Fei is also involved in the development and manufacture of land-based unmanned aerial vehicles as a ship-carrying unmanned aerial vehicle.
With the new equipment pricing system, the towed and ongoing equity incentive tool, Contract Liabilities & Advances, the company will further increase its profitability.
The downside of the cost of scale effects effectively hedged different batch pricing adjustments, resulting in higher efficiency in the accompanying industrial chain and a more profitable forecast and investment rating in subsequent batch and military trade growth requirements: based on consideration of product staircases such as j-35 and drones, we
1. Large-scale modern aircraft manufacturing enterprises that combine scientific research, production, testing, testing and piloting.
The company, which is the main base for the development of air defence equipment in our country and whose main business is the manufacture of aircraft, is currently developing a series of aircraft in the field of combat aircraft, such as thug-11, thug-15, thug-16 and thug-35.
Assets and liabilities, with a 100 per cent stake in Shen Fei Group, and a successful shell loan from Shen Fei, figure 1: Shen Fei's main series of aircraft, full business, and full coverage of production-type military requirements
Shenfeng China has worked with 61 of them to develop multi-type strikers, drone design and aviation front-line technology, and has been successful in the production of second-generation strikers, including 5-, 6, 7, and 8, which are currently being developed in the field of fighter jets, mainly for the production of 11-, 15-, 16- and 35-35.
The controlling shareholders in the China Air Industry are the China Air Industry Group, which holds 66.10 per cent of the company's shareholdings directly and 2.53 per cent of the company's shareholdings indirectly through the China Air Aircraft Company.
In the last five years, China has seen steady growth in the income from the main business and the net profit from repatriation, mainly as a result of assets. Following the reorganization, the company ' s operations have been highly concentrated, its internal industrial chain has been upgraded and its military fleet has been deployed, and its operations have increased in size; in 2018, as a result of the impact of the move, the net profit from the collection and repatriation has declined; and in 2021, the main business was opened.
In terms of product structure, the air manufacturing sector achieved a revenue of $33,685 million in 2021, or 98.8 per cent of the total, with a high concentration of company operations benefiting from the 1455 and 1555 plans, combined with the urgent need to upgrade our army and equipment, and the company ' s new accelerated installation, which is expected to continue to show steady growth in future collection.
According to Worldair Force 2022, as of 2021, there were 13246 aircraft in the United States, Russians.
There are 4,173 aircraft, 3285 SLAs, and the number of military aircraft is the third highest in the world. Specifically, in the case of fixed-wing warplanes, there are 2,740 U.S. forces, while the U.S. Army is the second largest number in the world.
By the end of 2021, we still had a large number of second-generation aircraft with more than 50 per cent of their equipment, with less than 15 per cent of United States and Russian second-generation aircraft, and a strong demand for the replacement of SPLA equipment. Figure 5: Number of fixed-wing aircraft in various countries (up to 2021-12-31)
The current international situation is complex, with territorial disputes between our country and neighbouring countries in the South China Sea and along the south-west border, and three sales to Taiwan during the term of the Biden administration.
By the second half of 2021, the United States and its allies were currently deployed in the F-22 and F-35 series of combat aircraft around Asia and the Pacific, totalling more than 100, and only four generations were able to confront the four-generation aircraft (the United States military classification standard is five-generation).
Figure 7: Over 100 ultrasonic invisible planes around Asia and the Pacific.
The most important military news this week is undoubtedly the North-East Asian region's “Five Generations” meeting.
Go left for the Indo-Thai region, and with the arrival of the Queen Elizabeth's battle group in Yoga, the number of five-generation aircraft deployed in China's neighbouring countries will for the first time have risen to 100, reaching a new peak in the deployment of five-generation aircraft.
Our defence budget has grown for the second time every year, and in 2021 our military spending has exceeded the sum of Russia, France and the United Kingdom at the constant United States dollar rate in 2020, with a negative trend of 7.1 per cent over the same period, but still far from the United States, with a per capita defence budget lagging behind among the world ' s major powers.
In the military component, the share of equipment procurement costs has been rising to over 40 per cent.
The 17.13 per cent increase in the same year was a strong demonstration of the high profile of the military industry during the 1455s. 3. Fully benefiting from the construction of the strategic air force and the ocean navy 3.1. Corporate products are an important component of the strategic air force model
The company's product is an important component of the future strategic air force model, as envisaged in the construction of the strategic air force, which is designed to be a system of equipment comprising the three generations of j10/15/16 or three and a half generations, and the four generations of j-20/35, which is a market for military increment.
The company is currently in the production phase of 3.5 generation aircraft, with 4 generation aircraft at the point of immediate secondary roll-out. 3.2.j-16d will be the electronic warfare mainframe.
Our air force has not been able to form exclusive electronics and large-scale mass electronics, and has previously used anti-throwing-7 fighter bombers as temporarily modified electronics. With the gradual deployment of our j-20s, it has become evident that anti-throwing-7 flight mobility, continuation capability, electronic interference and signal tracking capability have fallen short of operational standards, j-16d.
And, with the successful development of ejection launchers on board the carrier, the corresponding j-15 will need to be upgraded to step up the technical content and value of the aircraft.
Figure 18: Pearl Sea shows a new generation of electronic jets: j-16d 3.3. The new four-generation naval and air force will be in demand and will serve as a future naval invisible aircraft.
In 2022, the Fujian carrier came under water, indicating that critical technologies such as aircraft ejection devices had been attacked, which would be the model for a successor carrier that would significantly increase the take-off weight and range of the aircraft, fully release the operational effectiveness of the aircraft, followed by a high-speed delivery period and drive an increase in the volume of j-15/35;
Post-development advantages, which are expected to be installed in the Air Force: j-35 first flight hours,j-20 years later, as a medium-sized 4-generation invisible warplane, with subsequent development advantages, are expected to be installed in the Air Force together with j-20. 3.4. Naval construction-led aircraft requirements
We still have a big gap between our navy and the United States army, and there is plenty of space to fill: as of 2021, the United States Navy had 298 battleships, the People's Navy had some 360, our naval vessels outnumbered the United States, but in tonnage, the total tonnage of the United States naval vessels was 4.6 million tons, and our navy was about 2 million tons, mainly because of our small naval fleet.
The number of carriers deployed in the field: given the design of the decks of the Liaoning and Shandong ships, there are more limits on the range and weight of the aircraft, and there will be a greater disadvantage in the actual battle. Assuming that we need eight straight-on deck carriers, we'll be carrying the ship.
80 aircraft/line, approximately 640 aircraft for the future, taking into account back-up requirements and training requirements, the number of aircraft on board is 3.5. Unmanned is the next generation of fighters.
Aerial equipment systems are more solidised. Accompanied by humans and drones are the direction of the military-systematic battle. In the future, four generations of aircraft will be formed as command and information hubs, leading many different types of wingmen on reconnaissance and strike missions, with drones.
Figure 21: Undetected 8 high-altitude high-speed strategic reconnaissance aircraft 3.6. Our loyal wingmen are growing rapidly
Attack 11 has commenced service: attack 11 is ultrasonic invisible attack drones, which can be combined with a two-stage four-generation aircraft in the future, and is now in service as the first wing in use worldwide attack drones. It can be used as a three-party 1) to interfere with and suppress enemy fighter fleets and strike enemy fighter fleets.
(2) It can also be used alone to conduct reconnaissance and strike missions in dangerous areas of the enemy forces; (3) it can also be used on board ships and in cooperation with the carrier combat teams, and it can further enhance the capability of our naval operations in the air, thus contributing to the construction of our national navy in the Blue Sea.
Shenfeng China is expected to be actively involved in the development and manufacture of land-based drones as a ship-borne unmanned aerial vehicle manufacturing enterprise, in addition to a high degree of synergy at the end of the development design with the Shenyang design study. Figure 24: Attack - 11: Invisible wing attack drones in the world ' s premier service
4.1. Equity incentives significantly boost corporate profitability
Incentives in units where equity incentives are granted are clearly effective, with a significant increase in the company ' s Māori rate and net home country interest rate, providing a solid basis for the follow-up of the second round of incentives. 4.2. Net asset returns are higher than those of companies in the same industry.
The main reason for this is that the equity multiplier is higher than the industry average. 4.3. Pricing reform is a pricing mechanism that raises the company's profitability cost + 5% of the target cost + incentive (restriction) profit; and the Military Price Negotiation Rules, which were promulgated in 2019.
In 2019, the company achieved a net return interest rate of 5.42%, breaking the profit threshold for the first time. Under the new equipment pricing system, the company will increase further, with the cost of large-scale purchases of models being made by the military, the scale effect will effectively hit different batches.
The adjustment of prices has also resulted in an increase in the efficiency of the accompanying industrial chain and, in the case of subsequent batch demand and military trade increment, in a balanced production from “0118” to “2323”: the first promotion of “balanced production” at the 2017 Aerial Industry Military Works Conference, from the previous shift from “0118” to “2323”, in which balanced production effectively avoided productivity when the mission was relaxed
Wasteful and mission-stressed production raids contribute to higher capacity utilization, scale effects and lower costs. Figure 29: Price reform releases price increases from “0118” to “23233” aviation industries for balanced production for high quality
Promulgation units: Three elements of work, working procedures and basic methods, including the Ministry of Integrated Master Plan, to prepare this guide on a pilot basis. (i) The Department of Military Equipment and the General Part of the Department of Equipment (hereinafter referred to as “units”) carry out equipment development in the organization
(ii) The equipment demonstration agency, in accordance with the equipment construction planning arrangements, took into account the equipment combat technology indicators, the initial overall technical aspects, and the “2323” balanced high-level production objectives of the aviation industry achieved ahead of schedule in 2021.
From "0118" in 2016 to today's "2323", the strategic goals set by the grouping of companies have been successfully achieved, leading to a steady economic performance in the aviation industry.
(ii) Process cost monitoring The Chinese Shen Fei operation has been expanded in two directions: up (R & D design) and down (maintenance): 1) up: The D.D., in conjunction with the R & D capacity of 601, extended design capacity, can reduce costs and increase profitability: 2) Downward:
Girling Aviation Maintenance Company, 60% of the stock. The back-end market of the aircraft, the expansion of service security, and the consolidation of available resources. The value of maintenance is nearly half the value of the entire aircraft life cycle.
Figure 31: Acquisition of 60 per cent of Gilling Aviation Maintenance Company shares into the maintenance market
On January 14th, 2022, the Department of Naval Equipment's Aviation and Equipment Department was in the company.
A workshop was held to assess the capacity to repair a particular aircraft. 22 units from the Ministry of Naval Safety, the Naval Aviation University, equipment use units, the Military Representative's Office, the Aviation Industry Project Management Centre, the main support plant, etc.
5. The profit forecast and investment rating of Shen Fei China is a leading company in the country with two-haired heavy strikers, benefiting deeply from the military build-up strategy of the Strategic Air Force and the Oceanic Navy; the double heavy strike against the sea is powerful and has the effect of expanding the damage effects and is part and parcel of the national military wing.
The company is currently in the bulk of production for 3.5 generation aircraft, with 4 generation aircraft deployed during the immediate secondary drop-off period. Under the conditions of information warfare, military aircraft are expected to contribute to the company’s continued growth by increasing the viability and impact of complex electromagnetic environments and anti-hidden and sensitive detection conditions, and are expected to contribute to the company’s growth in the form of an electronic jet, represented by j-16d, and a medium-generation four-generation invisible aircraft, represented by j-35.
The company not only provides the air force with heavy military aircraft, but is also the country’s only platform for the manufacture of fixed-wing aircraft on board, and will develop multi-type marine special aircraft in addition to the type of aircraft represented by j-15/j-35. The number of single carrier aircraft is expected to rise to 100,000 with 80,000 tons of electromagnetic missile carrier water.
To reach 80 aircraft, our long coastline, and growing global benefits, it is projected that 6-8 carrier battle groups will be required to build a fleet of aircraft that will effectively pull the company. With aircraft and drones working together, we will be in the direction of an institutionalized war.
Swinging and information hubs, leading many different types of wingmen on reconnaissance and strike missions, with drone-ai intelligence, and making better use of cluster advantages. With the example of the gj11 shown on the National Day parade, four generations of invisible aircraft will be set up in the future.
The company will further increase its profitability with the apparent impact of the forward-phased equity incentives, a significant increase in net profitability, and a new equipment-pricing system, and a continuous equity incentive. As the military implements large-scale purchases of models, the cost of scale effects falls down, effectively adjusting the price of different batches, resulting in an accompanying chain of industries.
Qualitative efficiency gains will be made more competitive in the context of subsequent batch requirements and military-trading incremental requirements. The China-West flight, China-Ning shares, and Hongdu aviation operations are similar, and are the main suppliers of the country’s air-equipment whole-air products, which can be selected as comparable companies for relative valuation.
1) The risk of market volatility, industry orders less than expected: the high contagiousness of Omicron could have an uncontrollable effect on the industrial chain, and the build-up of macroeconomic downsides could result in orders falling short of expectations; 2) the pace of output expansion was less than expected: lower firms could expand their production capacity less rapidly than expected;
3) The reform of state enterprises is progressing at a slower pace than expected: the reform of state enterprises is uncontrollable and risks are not as high as expected. With the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. already has a portfolio investment advisory committee