Increased price of the chain of fluorinated products, refrigerant q4 mega-stock, mega-stocks (600160) three-quarter financial statements
The company published three quarterly reports, which generated 10.23 million yuan (+36.03 per cent of the year) and a net return to the mother of 808 million yuan (+104 per cent of the year), of which 282 million yuan (+1187 per cent of the year) was realized in the third quarter of the year, and the ring of 17.6 per cent of the year, the company projected a net profit of 2017 for the same year as a source of wealth and wisdom in the east.
The full price of the chain of fluorinated industries has risen and the company’s integration has fully benefited. As a result of favourable effects, such as the deepening structural reforms on the supply side and the improvement of downstream demand, the price of the fluorinated industries has risen up and down: for raw materials, the non-hydrated hydrogen, methanol, benzene, vcm and fluorescent accounts for 85% of the company’s raw material cost, with average prices rising by 27.4%, 22.9%, 17.4%, 9.4% and 7.9% respectively in the third quarter of 2017.
The average price of refrigerants increased by 32.4 per cent to $17630 per tonne on the same date. Although the price of raw materials increased significantly to limit the difference between the price of products and raw materials, the company, as a domestic fluorinator, refrigerant leader, formed a complete fluorinated industrial chain consisting of basic raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorine, fluorinated polymers, fine chemicals, electronic chemical materials, etc., with a higher degree of upstream and downstream integration.
Demand improvement + environmental stress + cost drive, refrigerant prices are expected to remain strong. Fluorine refrigerants are used downstream mainly in refrigerators, household air conditioning, \triangleright.
Consumption areas such as auto air-conditioning, local post-natal cycle varieties, cumulatively yoy+10.3 per cent of domestic merchandise house sales in the first three quarters of this year, cumulatively yoy+4.9 per cent of car production, cumulatively yoy+18.9 per cent of air-conditioning production, cumulatively yoy+13.3 per cent of household refrigerator production, unprecedented environmental stress this year, limited operation of poorly equipped small plants due to waste acid shrubs, tight supply of non-hydrofluorocarbon-free supplies and forced decomposition of refrigerant enterprises,
At the beginning of the year, R22, r125, r134a, and r32 market prices have fully benefited from the production of 100,000 tons, 40,000 tons, 60,000 tons, and 22,000 tons, respectively. The company has developed new profitable growth points in the field of e-chemicals.
\triangleright \triangleright material and electronic gas features, the first industrial production of electro-grade hydrofluoric acid in Zhejiang Kai, and the only enterprise in the country that fills a gap in the country and replaces imported pt-grade hydrofluoric acid, is also the largest, most varied and most specific of the country's electronic-grade hydrofluoric acids.
The company, which has a current capacity of 0.6 million tons of hydrofluoric acid, 0.5 million tons of ammonium hydride, 0.3 million tons of electro-grade hydrochloric acid, 10,000 tons of electro-grade sulphuric acid, 0.6 million tons of electro-grade nitrate and 0.5 million tons of corrosion etching fluid for buffers, has already been put into production in the first phase of the Bori electronic high-purity electronic gas project (with a yearly production of 0.1 million tons of high-purity chlorination hydrogen, 500 tons of high-purity chlorine gas and 0.1 million tons of pharmaceutical-grade hydrogen chloride) and is in the process of product certification and market expansion.
The company’s sales of electronic chemical materials amounting to 0.74 million tons, ring +61.2%, revenue of $4.089 million, ring +40.2%, are expected to rise gradually as product grades rise and markets expand. Improved demand, environmental stress, and cost-driven refrigerant prices are expected to remain strong, and companies are well equipped as domestic refrigerant pipelines.
Increases in sub-benefits, new projects of 235,000 tonnes of new fluorinated material phase II Hfp50,000, and 100,000 tonnes of high performance blockage materials, are expected to lead to additional excess refrigerant prices, substantial increases in raw material prices, persistently lower demand downstream of refrigerants, less sustained environmental stress than anticipated Sources of Eastern financial and intellectual booms
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of petrochemical lubricant in China in 2010-2015, at the People ' s Bond in 2015 and at the East Hing Bond in 2016.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, cfa.
Zhang Myung-hoon Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical industries, in basic chemical industries since October 2015
B.A. in Materials Chemistry, University of Beijing, University of Florida, United States of America, Master in Chemical Engineering, Exxonmobil, 2015-2017, B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Qinghua, Ohio State University, United States of America, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, joined East Hing Securities, July 2017
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies