Magnificent shares: Three-quarterly reports are expected to start a new round of price increases for refrigerants, which will continue until next year, with downstream industrial warming and environmental effects.
The company is the absolute leader in the domestic refrigeration industry, with a capacity of 280,000 tonnes of refrigerant products, representing a net profit of 808 million yuan for mothers, an increase of 1,042.98% over the same period. The net profit on revenue/repatriation was 3,530.0 million yuan/282 million yuan in the first quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 46.63 per cent and 1,186.66 per cent respectively.
The performance of the company has improved significantly during the reporting period, mainly as a result of favourable effects, such as structural changes on the supply side, deepening and improved downstream demand, higher prices for the company's main products compared to the same period in the previous year, and good production and sales, resulting in gains.
2. A new round of price increases for refrigerants has opened, and high profits will continue. Three quarters are low seasons for the refrigerant industry, but this year the volume of goods from the industry and the price of products have been low due to factors such as higher downstream demand and continued environmental effects. Since late September, refrigerants have been in a tight environment, including upstream feedstock hydrofluoric acid.
Prices have opened a new round of price hikes. We believe that, with downstream industrial warming and sustained environmental impacts, the refrigerant landscape cycle will continue into the next year. The company is the absolute leader of the domestic refrigerant industry, with 280,000 tons of production capacity for various types of refrigerant products, and will be the largest beneficiary of the industry’s supply and demand.
The project has high technical barriers, high profitability, and a projected increase in the postnatal period.*