The company announced an increase in operating income of $11,584 million in the first quarter of 2018.
32.97 per cent; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amount to $1,103 million, an increase of 68.47 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, amount to $839 million, a sharp increase in company performance over the pta landscape.
\triangleright’s performance has increased considerably. In 2017, the company acquired a constant investment of 6.6 million tons/year pta. In 2018, q1 pta achieved operating income of $5,194 million and sales of 1,004,300 tons.
In the future, there will be less production capacity for pta in the country, and there will be market data for upstream pta demand from the reheating of the downstream textile industry: pta supply and demand are expected to improve continuously and pta is expected to remain high throughout the year.
The company acquires the highest/lowest in \triangleright year:
Refining 100% of equity matters, combined profit statements, significantly increased corporate performance. 20 million tonnes/year refining integration progresses on schedule.
The project, with a total investment of 56.2 billion yuan, with 4.5 million tons of aromatic facilities at its core, is now at the peak of full-scale installation of the equipment, while the work is proceeding in an orderly manner as planned by the four-quarter pilot production project. When the project is completed, the company will complete the construction of a px-pta-detergent.
At the same time, the company intends to implement a new multi-purpose textile material project of 1.35 million tons per year through Sun's Heng's new material. According to company estimates, the project is expected to reach the postpartum year.
Net asset rate of return: 24 per cent, income of $15.66 billion, and after tax profit of $2.00 billion. We believe that by adding complementary projects, perfecting the entire industry chain, we are expected to open up room for growth.
We believe that the company is the leading domestic plant for long-silver production, 20 million tons/year of refined wholes, the risk of a sharp fall in product prices, the risk that the refining project will not produce as much as expected \triangleright