Only the reformers, but the innovators - China's Peace Insight Report
After thirty-five years of development, China grew into one of the largest financial insurance groups in the country.
Founded in 1988 at the Shenzhen Viper, An has grown over 35 years into a national insurance giant with a portfolio covering insurance, banking, securities, technology and the like, with an average of 17.8 per cent of roe over the last 10 years, with a clear increase in profitability over listed partners.
Wangjieou, with nearly 229 million safe individual clients and about 30 million new clients per year, and increasing levels of cross-penetration, nearly 40 per cent of individual clients hold multiple subsidiary contracts at the same time and have a robust growth of clients
• Life insurance: the effect of the transformational changes is gradually emerging and the trend towards marginal improvement is clear. 1) The company continues to promote the life insurance reform strategy for the "4 canals plus 3 products" and the transformation is beginning to work.
In 2022, per capita netv and per capita income increased by 22.1 per cent and +22.5 per cent, respectively; the silver canal became the key to the growth of new insurance premiums and nbv, with a significant increase of 2023q1 silver insurance nbv.
With a single-season increase of 70 per cent, it is expected to benefit mainly from a lower rate of return on other types of assets, such as bank finance, and the relative attractiveness of savings-type insurance products;2 lower projected interest rates are expected to result in higher sales temperatures. 3) The 2023q1 company nbv is rising at a positive rate of +21.1 per cent, the same calibre as the previous +21.1 per cent.
In the context of the high increase in premiums for the q2 new policy, the nbv has increased or continues to rise. (4) We believe that the insurance unit has been undervalued in recent years, with the core factor being the persistence of the burden on the liability, and the current trend towards improvement in fundamentals is more clear and is expected to be revalued.
• Production insurance: a solid business base, short-term pressure, long-term improvement. 1) The safe production insurance market is second only, followed by insurance, a more stable domestic production market and a firm corporate market position. 2) For the past five years, the combined rate of safety insurance, non-car insurance and health insurance premiums has increased by 3.4 per cent, 13.4 per cent and 29.3 per cent, respectively.
They expect that the increase in the rate of penetration of new vehicles will continue to be steady as a result of the increase in the sales of new vehicles. 3) The combined cost of safe production insurance for most of the last 10 years is better than that of their counterparts, and the short-term pressure in 2022 is mainly delayed by guaranteed insurance, and we believe that short-term fluctuations will not affect the long-term business trends of the company.
• Investments: Real estate risks are largely cleared and long-term rates of return are advantageous. 1) Assets are well structured, and real estate risks are largely cleared.
The policy environment for the real estate sector has been relaxed, and industry risk mitigation has helped to facilitate the revaluation of corporate asset end value; the ratio of impairment of assets associated with Happiness 2 has reached 80 per cent and is expected to be adequate; and the average total net return on corporate investment of around 5.3 per cent over the last decade has been 32023q1, meeting the company ' s underlying assumptions, and
The valuation is still low, “better than the big city” rating. We appreciate the progressive release of the company’s life insurance reforms and the quality of the workforce.