The holding company plans to build a Guinean railway project, special electrician (600089.sh) and a solid step forward in overseas expansion.
The company's controlling subsidiary, Tianchi Energy, plans to establish a project company in the Republic of Guinea and, with the project company Guinea, to invest mainly in the construction of the Trimere-Bofa railway project in the Republic of Guinea, with a total investment of $769 million.
The company plans to recapitalize Tianji Energy, with a total investment of $769 million.
The project capital represented 30 per cent of the total investment (i.e., $231 million), of which the share held by Tianjia Energy was no less than 51 per cent, and the Ministry's sub-capital was financed by Tianjing Energy, which was replenished from its own funds to the Guinean project company, which had no funds at its own expense.
The net profit on the project capital is expected to reach 27.97%.
The Guinean railway project projects 30 million tonnes/year of bauxite and some 200,000 tonnes/year of production and living materials. Based on the first four years of operations of bauxite, 15 million tonnes/year and 30 million tonnes/years of production and living materials/years thereafter, the amount of goods produced in the mines is 200,000 tonnes/year.
The cost of goods transport is $6.5 per ton (US$0.043 per ton), the duration of the project is 24 months, the duration of the project is 25 years, the duration of the loan is 10 years (including the construction period), the interest rate of the loan is 6%, the investment capital of the project The offshore opening of the performance ceiling, and the railway project is expected to generate energy investments.
Guinea's railway starts in the Santu region of Guinea, ending with the port of Cape Verga, with the length of the main line of 148.797 km, mainly for minerals such as bauxite.
Transport, which is a multifunctional integrated railway for the benefit of the population along, along and along the railways, is expected to generate greater economic benefits from the development of infrastructure in the surroundings, such as bauxite mines, power plants, power transmissions, etc., as a result of this railway project.
The company is a leading company in the field of domestic transmission and transformation, and the new energy sector has shown remarkable success, with ongoing breakthroughs in offshore projects, gradual improvement in the operational structure, and expected continuous improvement in performance, with first coverage given to 1) Guinea railway projects still need to be acquired by China, such as the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Commerce and the Foreign Exchange Authority.
Government approval: 2) Project construction and operation are still subject to approval by the relevant government departments in Guinea, and there is a risk that project approval will not be approved; 3) project advancement will be less than expected.