In 1993, the company was smelted from steel up to 52 weeks.
The group was set up as the main sponsor of the targeted collection, and was listed in 1997, with the company producing 52-week minimum metal steel, bearing steel, spring steel, etc., which is currently under the umbrella of the Sino-Kin Group.
Total investment held 58.12 per cent as real control of the company. Benefited from supply-side reforms, iron and steel billions increased by 22.9 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net return to mothers of $510 million, an increase of 29.2 per cent over the same period, maintaining a moderate growth rate throughout the year, but q was affected by falling steel prices, operating profits and deductions in the fourth quarter of the year.
Historically, the company’s top profits since its listing have led to an up-to-date recovery of its performance. Current market concerns are mainly due to the combination of demand at the top of the industry cycle, including: 1) the industry is now at the top of the climate cycle, supply side reforms, and demand constraints.
The marginal effects of industrial supply optimization have been reduced and subsequent improvements are expected to be compressed;) since 2018, macroeconomic growth has increased downward pressure, adding to the effects of trade wars, increased uncertainty about external demand, and weak downstream demand has spread upstream. We believe that the current corporate valuation is reasonable and there is room for improvement:
On the other hand, when listed companies invest in research and research and have significant advantages within their industries, the integration of operations will also have a significant scale effect, injecting asset-based pricing into their efforts to develop innovation and constantly develop upgraded products.
Focusing on product R & D, technological innovation and ensuring competitiveness in the medium to long term: 1) absolute input and output, R & D investment in 2018 was 563 million yuan, in excess of the full year's tax net profit; over 300,000 tons of new product development throughout the year, high-end varieties continuously increasing, with high end product ratios
An example of this is an increase in the company ' s Māori rate, which has risen significantly since 2011, reaching close to its highest level since 2002 in 2018; (b) compared with industry, R & D inputs from 2018 account for 4.48 per cent of operating income, the highest rate among companies in the steel industry, showing a corporate re-research and innovation.
In January 2019, the company issued a revised version of the restructuring plan to issue shares to purchase investment in Tae Fu, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xianghai, and Jiang Xuan.
After this transaction, the Sino-China special steel plate will be put on the market as a whole and, on the one hand, will:
This has resulted in a significant enrichment of the steel species and specifications of listed companies, with a special steel capacity of 13 million tons, more than 3,000 steel species and more than 5,000 specifications, which will become the largest and most product-intensive specialized steel production enterprise in the world; on the other hand, the special steel industry is a highly specialized steel company.
In industry, the specialty steel process, processes and standards have reached world-class levels, with high-end bearing steel markets accounting for more than 80 per cent, and their asset injection will have a significant aggregate effect on listed companies.