Corporate profits have been steadily rising, with high-end steel growth of $510 million, an increase of 29.19 per cent over the same period. The company proposes to allocate eight dollars (including taxes) in cash dividends for every 10 shares, bringing together > the company ' s profitability performance to a steady increase, with a marked improvement in business data.
The company achieved business income and operating costs of $12.573 billion and $10.989 billion, respectively, throughout the year.
Quality model steel production line project, with $340 million in investment and a steady increase in high-end steel products, amounting to 960,000 tons. Of this amount, steel in cars has been certified by popular, Honda, East Wind and other well-known cars.
Significant growth, with large wind bearings replacing imported materials with steel; high-end shield bearings, large-scale borehole drills, steel, etc., filling the gap in the country with an improved structure of the company's special steel product, high-end product revenue as a percentage of its proposed merger and acquisition of high-quality special steel production capacity, and the company's future potential for value repair
If the merger succeeds in producing more than 13 million tons of steel, accounting for about 17% of the country’s special steel production, the company will be in the vanguard of the industry. The business income for the entire year in 2018 was $66,406 million, with net profits of 39.22 million.
The Division’s profitability performance will be significantly better than that of other companies in the same industry, and there will be much room for future valuations.iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals take into account the sustainability of corporate profitability, which is expected to improve overall competitiveness if the company succeeds in M&As.
Companies are at historically low levels, far below comparable corporate averages, and are at the lowest level in comparable public services, and we give recommended ratings. The price of raw materials fluctuates significantly, and there is uncertainty about the asset restructuring process.
1. Large smelting steel (000708) depth report: high-end production stimulating downstream demand for special steel, multiple factors supporting the public
The company ' s financial statement forecast is a summary of the company ' s data projections, which were graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing) and specialized in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate studies in mineral processing (coalification). July 2011, Wang Suketao, consultant (investment), senior engineer, first-level builder.
He has several patents (inventory patent 1), has successively served as a technical director, director, project manager, and has been involved in the implementation of overseas “one-way” projects. He has more experience in the iron and steel industry and in the management of domestic and foreign projects. He joined civil securities in May 2017 for research on the direction of steel, construction and coal. Liu Yang, Master of Financial Engineering at the Imperial Institute of Technology, joined civil securities in 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.