Performance rating for daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco (600438) - growth in adversity is still positive and satisfactory
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2018, which, based on preliminary calculations by the company’s financial sector, is expected to realize net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2018, an increase of RMB 0-101 million, or 0-5 per cent, compared with the same period in the previous year (statistical disclosure).
The net profits of the division’s shareholders, net of non-recurring gains and losses, compared with the same period of the previous year (statistical disclosure data), were marked by industry shocks, and firms grew in bad times. In 2018, as a result of changes in macroeconomic and domestic photovoltaic policies, the demand for domestic photovoltaics was hit more strongly, and industrial chains were priced more.
But the company’s business plates continue to be competitive in terms of quality, cost, precision management, and both agriculture and photovoltaic have increased their sales. In the new photovoltaic energy plates, the company’s high-purity silicon and solar cells have always been in place.
In 2018, 20,000 tons of high pure crystal silicon, 5.4 gw of high total equity/flow (million shares) were built to produce solar cells, with a total of 25,000 tons of high pure silicone and Leysan, respectively.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) 25,000 tons of high pure crystal silicon, 2.3gw high-efficiency solar cells in two periods of compost, and Chengdu 3 rounds
So far, the company’s high-purity crystalline silicon shares (600438) are extended to 20gw at the end of the year.
The cost advantage is clear, and non-silicon costs continue to decline.
The new 5.5gw high-efficiency solar cells will be fully backed by blunt technologies, with non-silicon costs expected to decrease by more than 10% from the current level, and real production can be achieved.
The company’s cost-control and technological innovation capabilities are at the forefront of the industry. Throughout the year, high-purity crystalline silicon operations continue to reduce efficiency gains and maintain a leading output cost and quality advantage, but Māori is affected by the marked decline in product prices.
The company ' s battery business capacity is still above 115% in the case of a general cut-off in the industry, and non-silicon costs are further reduced, maintaining better profitability. The investment proposal is that both the company ' s agriculture and photovoltaic industries are at the forefront of the industry and have a wide spread.
The outlook will contribute to a steady increase in future performance. At the same time, the investment of additional capacity has led to a firm’s leading position in terms of size, cost and quality in the industry, which provides a further scale basis for the company’s continued increase in its yield. The company’s net profits are projected for 2018-2020, respectively.
The performance is still excellent, and the production capacity is on schedule to release the management risks and the policy risks of the photovoltaic sector.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.