This week's industry perspective: at the start of the new cycle, the industry continues to divide1 and the new energy automobiles sector:1 and the industry continues to divide, and the high-quality flagship is expected to continue. For the next year or two, only high-quality leading companies are expected to have the best ones.
Growth capacity, which will further expand its advantage. Last week, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued an opinion on regulations for the lithium ion battery industry, which proposed strict controls for low-end capacity expansion, and also highlighted the prerequisites for new capacity: higher capacity utilization. 2. The advantages of the advantage areas are more pronounced, and there will be division between regions. We look at the development of the new energy auto industry in the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, which was innovative last week.
Kyoto made clear that the future would be an innovative and applied pilot city for the new energy automobile industry with a global impact, which was better founded by the confluence of many leading firms.2 The view of the photovoltaic industry: 1, the price of upstream silicon has fallen slightly, and the price of midstream tourism continues to rise. The reason for the decline in upstream silicon is the release of new capacity and the sea.
The price of silicon and battery tablets last week continued to rise, and the ring scale increased relative to the previous week; looking forward to January, due to spring holidays and overseas demand for the industry's weekly product, policy foresight, markets, etc.
Last week, the country's first large flat-priced Internet-based photovoltaic project (Gelwood Photovoltaic Station) officially grid-connected, with an average electricity cost of 0.316 yuan/kWh, hot spots and deep industries dug together, with an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
Fire devulcant poles in Qinghai are worth nearly 1 cent per kilowatt hour. We expect that in 2019, especially in the second half of 2019, the average price of the best in the industry’s (excellent) industry to cover companies will be increased in each phase of the net project, and this new flat-priced access cycle will be a global resonance.
Pushing 1-2 shares. Weekly updates, if stock offers remain the same, are less developed than expected. 3) The impact of such factors as electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
\triangleright Shares (600438) Convergence (600438)
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new oligopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed a cool hydrogenification energy-saving energy-reducing transformation, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Business chains, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and cost and quality advantages are evident. With the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, the company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future, and it will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.4 A firm expansion of the capacity to build batteries, with cost advantages and zero credit patterns that guarantee good profitability and cash flow.
Production capacity of 5.4gw, the world’s top professional battery producer in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing to below 0.3/w through the application of automation equipment and a very high degree of cost control, and is still better profitable under current product price pressure. Companies have been continuously investing in research and development to continuously improve the efficiency and power of batteries and their components.
Nine of them have established long-term partnerships and secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 of the strategy accelerates the process of accessing the Internet at an affordable price, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations, which for many years has now reduced the combined cost of power stations to within $5/w, and in 2019 has tried to reduce it to within $4/w or even $3/w, on the basis of which the company relies.
The company has more than 300,000 families with good cooperative relationships, covering an area of 10 million acres, including 4 million acres of ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at around 110gw, and has wide scope for development. In the next industry development cycle, i.e. a flat-cost Internet access cycle, these operations are expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company.
(b) Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and special skills in exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.