The demoralization aid has a steady performance and capacity expansion for the future, and the Tungway shares (600438) are evaluated.
Liu Han Won Downstream demand slowed down and good performance in cost control remained stable: influenced by the “531” policy, there was a significant reduction in light voltage in the second half of 2018, with over 43gw installed throughout the year.
A decline of 18%. Weak downstream demand, a sharp jump in the price of photovoltaic industry chain products, a fall of more than 40% in the price of crystal silicon throughout the year, a fall of more than 50% in the price of batteries, a fall in the price of photovoltaic industry year round, and a sharp decline in the level of profit in the industry.
The relative depth of 300 indexes shows an ups and downs of management over time, increases in sales in both agriculture and photovoltaic plates, and a steady increase in performance throughout the year, consistent with what we had expected in our previous reports.
The release of capacity contributed to a decrease in costs and the signing of large-scale guaranteed performance growth: after the first phase of the company’s portfolio and the first phase of the Ley Mountain, which had a total capacity of over 50,000 tons of crystal silicon in late 2018, after a period of one to three months of climbing, the company’s multi-silicon capacity at its two production bases in Leysan was expected to reach 80,000 tons per year.
By that time, the cost of new energy production will be reduced to $40,000 per ton, and the cash cost will be reduced to $30,000 per ton.
The size of the machine, which has contributed to the recovery of downstream demand in the industry, slows down the decline in the price of multi-crystal silicon products, and the future profitability of the Division’s multi-crystal silicon business is expected to rise. A further 125,000 tons of silicon sales orders signed by the company with Lungi and Central Ring in 2018 will provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future.
The cost and capacity expansion paralleled the development of a photovoltage dragon-head with three years of steady and positive performance in silicon. With high capacity utilization, non-silicon costs continue to decrease: company battery chips are technologically advanced, city-wide.
High level of recognition, still over 115% in the event of a general cut-off in the industry.pvinfolink data show that corporate battery sales in 2018 exceeded 6.5gw, far more than other batteries, Song Jiangbo.
The company is now able to produce 10.9gw, and most of the perc capacity that is in demand in the market is expected to remain in the lead in 2019. By promoting smart lines, the company further reduces the non-silicon cost of batteries to 0.2 to 0.3.
Sets of won/w are also on a continuous downward trend, maintaining a better profitability.