This week's industry perspective: the policy transition, which continues to embrace the oligarchy of quality 1, the new energy car industry: 1, the policy transition, and the industry has a better view. Prior to the introduction of the new subsidy policy, it was generally expected to be 2019 in the industry.
The initial months were a policy transition period in which the transition subsidy policy might be better than the new one; so there was a significant increase in the sales of high-quality flagship companies that were identified as having access to the subsidy: 28,668 new energy vehicles were sold in Biadi in January, a 291.1 per cent increase compared to the 29,111 per cent increase; this trend is expected to continue in February.
3.53gwh, a 411% increase in the same year. 2. Medium-stream manufacturing structure splits, generally moving towards the good side. Power cell taps continue to expand and concentration is expected to remain high: the Ningde era plans to build 100gwh battery capacity in Europe; the recent Ningde era moves to production lines, which will be affected by the production capacity, and the remaining dragons will remain largely fully productive. Negative and diaphragm pressures are on the loose: on negative poles, the prices of upstream focal are expected to remain high.
The fallback, coupled with the release of later graphite production, released cost pressures; the post-wet diaphragms are still on the downward trend, and according to the data for the cadaps, some enterprises, 2 and the photovoltaic industry: 1; prices are still strong and the new cycle is starting well. According to industry statistics, at the end of the silicon material, Sichuan Yongxiang and Ordos are the product of the industry week, gathering policy forwards, markets.
The price of polycrystal silicon is slightly higher. The price of silicon silicon silicon is more stable at the end of the silicon, and the trend of monocrystals is better. The hot spots, the depth of the industry, are integrated and have important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns.
Quarter-long vertical integration of large-scale single-crystal perc components is almost complete. 2 and taps are over-expected, with continued focus on high-quality oligarchs.
Pushing 1-2 shares. Weekly updates, if the offer remains the same, are the center ring shares that focus on the same silicone tap; Tung Wei is expected to become the oligarch of the global silicon material, which is a positive tracking point in the global photovoltage-manufacturing locomotive pattern.
The largest company is also the type that we've been highlighting. We expect that the new industry cycle will not only raise industry demand, but will also raise it to the top of the list for the next three months, and we recognize that concentration, which will also occur in the middle and downstream, will continue to embrace high-quality oligarchy.
In order for these stocks to move significantly over the market, it is proposed to focus less on the development than expected. 3) The impact of, inter alia, electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology.
"cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing City."
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new monopoly in the future, keeping the company at a higher level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed its cold-hydrogen energy-consumption conversion, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Chains of industry, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages are evident. The company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future with the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, which will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.
According to the report, in 2018, the professional battery film manufacturer sold to Top3 was Tungwee, Aesuk, and Tsang, with more than 4gw, with the company producing 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitor. The company reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w, under the current product price pressure. The company continued to upgrade the battery fragments and components through continuous research and development investment.
Depending on the quality of the quality of the products, the company has established a long-term partnership with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers worldwide, and the sale of zero credit loans has ensured a good cash flow. 5,543 of the strategy has accelerated the process of access to the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
The business development cycle, i.e. the price-free Internet cycle, is expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company. \triangleright, 20190124 shares (600438.sh) Low-end real money, new cycle re-emerging
(b) Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power stations, with a thorough understanding of industrial chains, industry development and resource endowments; and special skills in exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.