This week's industry perspective: the landscape is more than anticipated, investment opportunities are spreading, the new-energy automobile industry is looking at: 1; prices are currently low, and some of the links in 2019 are expected to rise.
The price of upstream products in new energy cars in the first half of the year is likely to continue on the next platform. But we expect that some of the links will show a good price rise in the second half of 2019, mainly because (1) the demand for 2019 is better than the market demand for new energy cars in the second half of the year, especially in the second half of the year, when orders for new global energy vehicles will gradually start to be supplied; (2) from supply.
At the end of the day, the price of some of the links is already at the industry cost line, while some of them are already at the enterprise cash cost line, such as lithium hexafluoride and lithium carbonate, and small changes in supply and demand are likely to lead to greater elasticity, with some positive changes taking place today.
The supply agreement opened up the space for the national production of aluminium plastics; we think 2019 is just the beginning. Ning Bong-Hong might be on the verge of landing as a high-end trinity material, which would give new opportunities to the new energy car’s high-end industrial chain.
Hot spots, industry depths, are one, and have important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns. 2 The view of the photovoltaic industry: 1 year-end data is strong and the landscape is over-expected.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best of companies, with only 27.8 per cent of the length of each period: in December, the country exported 4.33gw of photovoltaic components, an increase of 72.6 per cent over the same period.
The demand for the components is transmitted to the upstream silicon and even to the silicon, which shows signs of a rebound after months of decline; the silicon, which we think is best for the next three months, is a certain supply tension.
In order for these stocks to move significantly over the market, it is proposed to focus on the relative excellence of the industry’s low-end performance, and to take full advantage of its share of the market. In terms of the competitive pattern, the upper-middle trend is better, but investment opportunities are now extended to downstream and supporting firms: 1) Crystal, Crystal, etc., have also performed better.
Good, and the return to the share of crystal-solar solar energy is expected to enhance its capacity to expand; (2) good demand for the industrial chain is expected, high-end expansion is expected to rise, and equipment is expected to lead to a better investment cycle.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd The development of House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing was less than expected. 3) The impact of electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
\triangleright
1. Good root-based support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps re-emerged. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, has a technical background, a high priority on technology and talent stocks, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has been looking forward to the luminous slabs since 2006, and in 2016, the company ' s acquisition group ' s photovoltaic assets entered the luminous field.
At the same time, the company’s current equity structure is concentrated on the future location of world-class clean energy (photovoltaic) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and there is wide scope for developing.2 At par prices, Internet access will boost the development of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain being the most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics, is wide.
In broad development space, bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photovoltage rate of return on the Internet, and, by modelling, we believe that industry will gradually move into a new recovery and flat access cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. In terms of the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution and concentration is most worthwhile.
The industry has a high technology and cost threshold, and is expected to form a new monopoly in the future, keeping the company at a higher level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed its cold-hydrogen energy-consumption conversion, while constructing a “chemical-light-volt” cycle of economic production.
Chains of industry, followed by technological upgrading, optimization of processes, cost and quality advantages are evident. The company’s market share is expected to continue to rise in the future with the company’s high-quality, low-cost energy release, which will also drive the industry to move to a high-quality phase and create higher barriers to industry.
According to the report, in 2018, the professional battery film manufacturer sold to Top3 was Tungwee, Aesuk, and Tsang, with more than 4gw, with the company producing 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitor. The company reduced the cost of battery processing to less than 0.3 w, under the current product price pressure. The company continued to upgrade the battery fragments and components through continuous research and development investment.
Depending on the quality of the quality of the products, the company has established a long-term partnership with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers worldwide, and the sale of zero credit loans has ensured a good cash flow. 5,543 of the strategy has accelerated the process of access to the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
Business development cycle, i.e. price-free Internet cycle, which is expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company.
Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science and Technology, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advice, which the China Securities Commission has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.