This week's industry perspective: the better stages of the penetration rate, the greater competitive advantage of the vanguard 1, the new energy automobile industry: 1, the large trend towards electric motorization, the higher penetration rate, marketization into critical periods. New energy from all around 2018
Looking ahead, in a broad sense, new energy cars have entered the best penetration cycle: according to our estimates, the current real penetration rate of new energy vehicles is around 3%, with sales from 3% to 10% being the best investment cycle in the industry.
By 2019 and 2020, the industry will be completely subsidized, and uncompetitive products will be out of the market; we will be looking at high-end pure electric motors and hybrids. Fuel cells are still in import, equivalent to 10 years ago's pure electric vehicles, with better thematic investment values.
Local conditions, leading to a certain volatility in midstream prices (mainly the impact of low- and medium-end stocks), but overall price stability. Looking ahead, leading companies are expected to have a sustained increase in their market share, and only a core competitive and high-quality leader will be able to truly enjoy the dividends of industrial growth. Data show that the cumulative investment in the new energy automobile industry has been $2 trillion in the past, but that the number of companies that will be truly expanding in the future will be decreasing; we need to focus on what we need to focus on.
[Excellent Push] is the product of the industry week, which brings together policy foresight, market segmentation of each segment.
Investors have an important reference value. 2 The light-voltage industry perspective: 1, the new cycle began gradually and growth resumed in 2019. Looking back at the 2018 data, domestic and global photovoltaics were added.
There has been a certain decline in installed aircraft, while prices have gone up a lot of steps and technologies have been better. Higher value for money for products has led to the launch of a new cycle of global parity Internet access; a return to a 20 per cent increase in the number of new global loads is expected in 2019; and, in the longer term, a reference point, if stock exchange changes are to be justified.
This flat-price Internet access may take a long time up the cycle. These factors provide better price support for upper-end manufacturing in upper and upper-middle bounds. Two, low-season prices are our favorite for the next three months, and we think there's some relief, but overall profitability is expected to rise in 2019. Last week, from silicon to components, prices were somewhat relaxed, but from master.
In order for these stocks to move significantly over the market, it is proposed to focus on medium- and long-term orders from liquid firms, with prices remaining strong, and intra-industry stocks having been effectively cleared. In terms of profitability, the profitability of leading firms is expected to increase as a result of the release of high-quality low-cost productive capacity, coupled with the relative strength of prices.
Sinda Securities Inc. is developing less than expected. 3) Impact of electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology, etc.
Building 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Tonway shares (600438) 1, good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class taps fly back and forth. The company is listed mainly in feed business, and its chairman, Mr. Liu Han Won, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is hoped that a new monopolistic pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
The company now owns the battery plate 5.4gw, which ranks first among the world’s professional battery film producers in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3/w, thanks to automated equipment applications and very strong cost-control capabilities, and maintains better profitability under current product price pressures.
By virtue of the quality of its high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world's top 10 component manufacturers and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 drops in the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
Business development cycles, i.e. price-free Internet cycles, are expected to lead to better long-term cash flows for companies. “The flagship of the new PV 2018105 shares (600438.sh) cycle, which combines the first night of an advantage,” Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power plants, with a thorough understanding of the industrial chain, industry development, and abundance of resources; and special skills to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.