This week's industry perspective: re-forming, accelerating globalization, 1 new energy vehicle industry perspective: 1, price, quantity, short-term weakness, and still re-engineering. Over the past week, the overall prices of the midstream were stable, triple and membrane prices were stable.
In the near spring, prices and volumes are expected to remain vulnerable for a short period of time due to short-term off seasons, changing window periods to destock-impact policies. In the medium- and long-term, trends in triads and humid diaphragms are evident, and industry patterns are expected to be rebuilt after this low price.
Rapid integration into global high-end supply chains and attention to the opportunities of globalization. We look forward to the future globalization of new energy vehicles, high-end investment opportunities, Tesla and high-end lithium chains. Recent progress has focused on: (a) leading intelligence, official supply of Tesla, opening up the space for domestic packaging, and matching the world, and accelerating further import substitution; and (b) Grimm's materials upstream into Korea's supply system, though only one.
It's a long-term mou, but it also represents the upgrading of domestic products. It also means that 2019 was the beginning of the process of home-grown high-end manufacturing of new energy vehicles for the benefit of the benefits of the globalization of the vehicle. 3. Reclamation systems are being built, and new opportunities are coming. The key link in our new energy vehicle framework is the recycling of the energy system, and the recycling of power cells is at its core.
The development of the industry will be driven by our research that, as supply and demand systems are built up, technologically and resourceically superior enterprises will tap into one hot spot, industry depth, and the pursuit of absolute benefits.
[Excellently] Industry covers the best of companies, with only 2 per phase, a light-voltage industry perspective: 1; upstream import replacement speed; new oligarchs gradually formed. In 2019, we looked at upstream silicon taps: 1) to produce + output.
Pushing 1-2 shares. Weekly updates continue with import substitution if the offer remains unchanged. Currently, there are 18 silicon in the country, six fewer than at the beginning of the year.
The share of high-quality monocrystal demand is more than 90%, which will accelerate import substitution. 2) Industry patterns rise and new oligarchs evolve. Global patterns change as high-quality productive capacities, such as Tonwayong and Xinjiang, become operational; especially with regard to the share of the shares in the shares of Tonway, the future share increase should be expected to be a significant victory over the market for these stocks.
Biggest: With the official launch of the first phase of the company ' s high-purity silicon project, which produces 50,000 tons per year, the company ' s real capacity for high-purity crystal silicon will reach 80,000 tons per year. 2; light seasons, with a sharp rise in midstream prices. To benefit from global market developments, industry demand was better in the first quarter of 2019.
Prices are still expected to be strong, with a certain mismatch with overseas demand. 3. Storage energy space can be expected. As the share of clean energy, such as photovoltaics, rises, the storage of Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. cindaseturitiesco.ltd
It will become a necessity; there will be a need for storage capacity in the north-west of the country, especially in Xinjiang and Gansu, if it is to develop more lightly. The recent response from the National Energy Authority in Beijing, Beijing, in the west-town area, in the 9th Hall, building No. 1, agrees that Gansu province should conduct a demonstration of a large-scale battery storage power station in the national network area.
Developments have fallen short of expectations. 3) The impact of electric car safety accidents, photovoltaic technology changes, among other things.
With these good foundations, the group began to take a forward-looking picture of the PV plate, and in 2016, the company acquired PV assets into the PV field. In the three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage at the cutting edge; the “fishing one” power station achieved an organic integration between corporate agriculture and PV.
Focus, future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and development of space.2 Price-equal access to the Internet will drive the development of the photovoltaic industry, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, there is a wide range of development space for clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects a 48% share of future combined photovoltaic and wind power generation. We have set up a photovoltage rate rate of return on Internet access.
Calculating, by modelling, we believe that the industry will move gradually into a new cycle of recovery and affordable Internet access in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. From the whole industry chain, we believe that import substitution, the concentration-upgrading silicon chain is the most worthwhile, and that the company’s multi-crystal silicon business has a clear advantage and is expected to continue to boost import substitution and industrial upgrading.
With high technology and cost thresholds, industry is expected to form a new monopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a higher level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy efficiency and consumption, while constructing the “chemical-photo-voltaic” revolving economic chain, and will have improved technology, optimized processes, and cost and quality advantages.
A sustained increase in city occupancy is expected to drive industry to a high-quality stage and create higher barriers to industry.4 A firm expansion in the production of battery blades, with cost advantages and zero-credit models that guarantee good profitability and cash flow. Companies now have battery tablets with 5.4gw capacity, with production ranking first among the world’s professional battery producers in 2017. Companies use automated equipment applications and very high cost controls.
Building capacity, which has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3 yuan/w, maintains a better profitability under current product price pressures. Companies have invested in continuous research and development to continuously improve the efficiency and power of battery fragments and components. Building on the quality of high-quality products, companies have established long-term partnerships with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers around the world and have ensured good cash flow through the sale of zero credit loans.
The strategy has accelerated the process of accessing the Internet at an affordable rate. The next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” downside in the power plant area. For many years, the combined cost of the power station has now been reduced to within $5.w/w/w/w/w in 2019. The company relies on the photovoltaic whole-sector layout, and the power station costs control and quality are better than the industry.
It involves 10 million acres of water, including 4 million acres of ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at about 110gw, with a wide scope for development; the next business development cycle, i.e., a price-free Internet cycle, is expected to result in a better long-term cash flow for the company.
Development work in new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaics, well-understood and resource-rich industrial chains and industries; good at exploiting investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth; Chen Jian, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in new energy industries.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.