This week's industry perspective: there is a clear trend towards high-end electric vehicles, with a continued focus on the winding up of 1 and the new energy car industry perspective: 1 and the leading firms and policies at the same time. On the market, power cell taps continue to open the globe.
At the top of the market, the recent cooperation between Ningde and Honda in Japan is more symbolic: because Japan’s product supply chain has been relatively closed, and Japan is the source of lithium battery products, the long-term supply power cell of Ningde’s era has further established Hinda’s global high-end battery tap. At the policy level, the recent circulars issued by departments such as the DRC clearly require that policies should be based on a strong orientation and encourage high-tech products.
In essence, progress in the automobile industry is an indication of the progress of human science and technology, and electric and intellectualization has become a trend in the future. The recent acquisition by Tesla of maxwell technology is the lead in the super-power technology, which has the advantage of rapid discharge and long life.
It will have an important place in the process, especially in the power-using environment, mixing, and so on. Attention to fuel cells has also increased in recent times, and we believe that the current fuel cell process is indeed like the power cell of a decade ago, but that its industrial base is poor, and that it requires the integration of global technology, as well as learning from the experience and lessons of previous industrial cycles.
It's a weekly product that gathers policy foresight, markets, and views in the photovoltaic sector: 1, silicon price rises, and the landscape continues to outpace expectations. In recent times, the price of silicon has been raised by the Polyclinium and Central Ring shares, and this has led to hot spots, deep industries, and the pursuit of absolute returns.
One step shows a better industry; in our calculations, when the industry is better because of better competitive patterns in the silicon chain, the industry is better off.
The link is easier to raise prices, and the companies involved in this link are more homogeneous, with higher prices providing greater elasticity to performance; and 2, high-end low-cost output release, which continues to observe changes in supply and demand. Looking back at the country over the past year, the distribution and centralization of the base have been evaluated, with reasons given for proposing stock changes.
Ben is flat, drops in the amount of light and drop in the rate of light; the policy environment has been improving over the past one or two quarters. On the supply side, tap production is growing. [Excellently] We're looking good for the next three months, and we recognize that release: 255,000 tons of domestic multi-crystal silicon in January, an 8.5% increase in the ring. On the global demand side, we need to see the end of a quarter of India's traditional season.
The market will be significantly defeated by these stock trends, suggesting changes in demand following the focus, as well as new demand developments in other emerging markets. Developments have been lower than expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City City, Building No. 1 Tangwei 1 (600438), Good Root Support Agriculture + Photovoltaics, with world-class taps back on board. The company was listed primarily in feed business, and its chairman, Liu Han Won.
With these good foundations, the group began to take a forward-looking picture of the PV plate, and in 2016, the company acquired PV assets into the PV field. In the three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage at the cutting edge; the “fishing one” power station achieved an organic integration between corporate agriculture and PV.
Focus, future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products) and development of space.2 Price-equal access to the Internet will drive the development of the photovoltaic industry, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long run, there is a wide range of development space for clean energy, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects a 48% share of future combined photovoltaic and wind power generation. We have set up a photovoltage rate rate of return on Internet access.
Calculating, by modelling, we believe that the industry will move gradually into a new cycle of recovery and affordable Internet access in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020 with the prospect of a more rapid growth. From the whole industry chain, we believe that import substitution, the concentration-upgrading silicon chain is the most worthwhile, and that the company’s multi-crystal silicon business has a clear advantage and is expected to continue to boost import substitution and industrial upgrading.
With high technology and cost thresholds, industry is expected to form a new monopoly pattern in the future, allowing companies to maintain a higher level of profitability. By 2015, the company will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy efficiency and consumption, while constructing the “chemical-photo-voltaic” revolving economic chain, and will have improved technology, optimized processes, and cost and quality advantages.
According to pvinfolink, in 2018, a professional battery manufacturer sold to Top3 to Convalescence, Emmett and Exhibitions, with more than 4gw in volume, with a firm build-up of battery blades, cost advantages and zero-credit models guaranteeing good profitability and cash flow.
With automated equipment applications and very high cost controls, the company has reduced the cost of battery processing to less than $0.3 w, which is still better profitable under current product price pressures. The company is constantly improving the efficiency and power of battery film and components through sustained research and development inputs. Depending on the quality of its products, the company has established long-acting partnerships with nine of the top 10 component manufacturers around the world.
The sale of zero credit has ensured a good cash flow. 5,543 drops in the strategy have accelerated the process of Internet access, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in the power plant area.
The company has more than 300,000 families with good cooperative relationships, covering an area of 10 million acres, including 4 million acres of ponds, which can support the installation of power plants at around 110gw, and has wide scope for development. In the next industry development cycle, i.e. a flat-cost Internet access cycle, these operations are expected to lead to a better long-term cash flow for the company.
\triangleright, 20190124aire stock (600438.sh) low-dwelling gold, new-cycle growth, 2018105aire stock (600438.sh)
Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science and Technology, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advice, which the China Securities Commission has approved. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.