The new cycle is growing again on 24st of 2019, Tungwei shares (600438.sh)
The firm ' s backside performance: growth in agriculture and photovoltaic sales drives growth in performance, while full production and marketing sustains better profitability. The company ' s performance has been boosted by the growth of two main segments, namely, its production of photovoltaic products, which has been largely at full capacity for production over the years, and its battery-forming capacity utilization rate in 2018, as a result of the New Deal, among other things, which reduced prices by more than 30 per cent in 2018, and the firm ' s continued efforts to refine management around quality and cost in the face of industrial fluctuations.
Over 115%, and we expect the silicon production capacity to be close to full production and to be more profitable. On a quarterly basis, demand has steadily recovered to lower silicon prices due to seasonality of feed operations, resulting in a further increase in high-quality production. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, the prices of silicon special levels of secret material, first-tier secret material and first-level vegetable are down 7.5%, 9.1% and 9.0% to 8.10, 7.60 and 7.24 million yuan, respectively, by the end of December 2018.
However, by the end of January 2019, silicon prices had shown a certain downward trend, driven upstream by the strong demand for downstream products, and the industry’s new capacity released insufficient to match the growth in demand. Since 2018, the industry’s silicon productivity has been in cash for a long time.
Near the cost line, with the release of future industrial advanced capacity, backward capacity will be phased out of the market, leading firms will be more concentrated.
Starting year: 2018.12 to under 40,000 yuan, the company ' s overall silicon production capacity will rise to 80,000 tons/year, further contributing to the company ' s 2019 performance growth.
According to pvinfolink data, the professional battery manufacturer totp3 was found to be more than 4gw in 2018, with the company delivering 6.5gw, far ahead of the remaining competitor.
The price of batteries is rising again. According to pvinfolink, the average price of single crystal perc at the end of December 2018 (21.4%) rose by 11% to $1.22/w and single crystal perc (21.5%+) to $1.29/w at the end of October.
2019.01 Completion of production, with actual post-partum capacity exceeding 12gw, and 10% reduction in the cost of new non-silicon capacity, continued to maintain the size of the battery fragments and the size of the cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City
With a new cycle of affordable Internet access approaching, companies are expected to grow into global photovolves based on cost-scale advantages. The year 2019 was the beginning of a new cycle of global resonance Internet access \triangleright, with home-grown good policies falling and manufacturing end prices falling, and we expect a marked increase in domestic and global loading rates (especially global rates) in 2019.
China’s manufacturing end supply is expected to reach 38gw (the price-equal access project is more likely than expected) and 125gw worldwide. In 2018-2019, the Department was able to build up productive capacity and deliver silicon production capacity up to 80,000 tonnes/year, battery production capacity up to 12gw/year, effectively breaking production bottlenecks, companies applied the refined management experience of feed business blocks to photovoltaic plates, with significant cost advantages, and there is still some scope for a decline in the new cycle to grow into a truly photovoltaic industry.
Profit forecasting and rating: The global price-equal access cycle is beginning gradually, with demand on the demand side returning to growth, and in 2019 the firm, relying on cost and size advantages, will truly grow into \triangleright risk factors: policy risks in the photovoltaic sector; below-expected risks in building capacity; and friction risks in international trade.
\triangleright promotes industry by looking at cycle and growth, Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 and is currently engaged in new energy research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.