The policy period has been smooth, and production has expanded to meet parities.
Sunk Remote Energy for Efficient Battery Production to prepare for the new cycle of affordable Internet access, which was influenced by the “5.31” PV in 2018, led to a sharp fall in prices across the industrial chain.
Basic data (as of 22/01/2019) High value added to Europe’s “mip” as scheduled, with rising demand from overseas.
Prices have continued to rise, and the supply of efficient perc batteries has fallen short. The company’s compost solar energy has grown into an efficient 5.4-gw total of two bases in Chengdu, and its capacity is still overutilized in the face of a general cut-off in the industry.
Fifteen% of non-silicon costs are further reduced, maintaining better profitability. According to pvinfolink major shareholders (2018q3), solar-powered combustible solar energy was produced in the first half of 2018.
Tonw Group can and produce the highest in the industry. With the 3nd issue of Chengdu solar energy, 3.2gw high-efficiency silicon, the cell project was officially launched in mid-November 18, and the 2nd phase of combing solar energy, 2.3gw high-efficiency silicon, was launched in mid-November.
Revenue structure (2018h1) The battery project was officially completed in early 19 and the company ' s solar cell output will expand, with greater profitability and competitive advantage. In 2019, the company will start an additional 8gw high-efficiency silicon cell project.
To date, the cumulative capacity will exceed 20gw in anticipation of a new cycle of affordable Internet access, with high-purity crystalline silicon operations generating efficiency gains, import replacements for acceleration, tons of tons, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same period, imports of 158.9 million tons over the same period, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period, and domestic counterparts over the same period.
The domestic multi-crystal silicon industry benefits from technological innovation and the effects of scale, and later costs less than 80% of the average cost overseas. This expansion of output is more likely to shift to low-priced areas, and the cost advantage will be more pronounced.
At the end of December 2018, the company ' s 50,000-ton annual high-purity silicon project was officially launched, with a cumulative capacity of 70,000 tons. More than 70 per cent of the products produced after the birth of the project meet the needs of the p- and n-silicon, gradually moving towards import substitution and further reducing domestic dependence on high-purity silicon.
The pace of the parity process is rising and the 2019 industry is expected to return to a warmer state. The trend is toward a return to market based subsidies for light voltage. In early January 2019, the DRC and the Energy Agency jointly issued a joint launch on the issue of active promotion of wind power and unsubsidized access to the Internet at affordable prices for photovoltaic power.
Working Notices, which explicitly set out 12 broad requirements to reduce non-technical costs, actively promote price parity Internet access, encourage industry to over-dominantly dominate the market, and provide protection from project indicators, the financing environment, the removal of barriers and marketized transactions on a case-by-case basis. 18 years of sharp price declines in the industrial chain.
This speeds up the process of accessing the Internet at a par with the recovery in overseas demand, the sonic boom in emerging markets, 19 years after the baptism, the prospect of a recovery, the company entering a new cycle of expansion of production capacity, the reduction of efficiency, and the rapid growth of the company's photovoltaic operations. For the first time, coverage will be extended, with an “enhanced” rating over the next six months.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.