This week's industry perspective: a policy vacuum, high-end leadership 1, a new energy vehicle industry perspective: 1, a policy vacuum, mid-stream pressure is at a relatively large stage. Looking back, in the past, the fourth quarter of 2018 was still in place.
In December, the power battery installed in our country increased by 10.0%. Looking ahead, the pre-spring period before the introduction of the new policy is a vacuum, and the months after the festival will remain a policy transition period, where the match between supply and demand remains unclear, putting some pressure on midstream materials. The pressure of the material also comes from upstream raw materials, supply releases: negative needle comb price fluctuations, release of humid diaphragm production.
Last week, the Chinese factory in Tesla opened in Shanghai, and the cars finished selling showed a breakthrough in the high-end new energy vehicle model; in particular, Tesla, which has already scaled up its high-end vehicle sales, will further reduce its costs and domestic sales when it can enter China, and will further increase the upscaling of its output; we expect that our medium- and high-end manufacturing will be more compatible with the global high-end model.
This will provide opportunities for a longer cycle of high-end industrial chains.2 The view of the photovoltaic industry: 1; the expected increase in the price of Internet access and the speed of installation is expected to increase. Last week, the Energy Bureau of the Commission issued a policy on wind and light voltage without subsidies, which in general suggests that the age of Internet access has come and that agencies such as the Energy Authority are providing complementary services, which are supported at the national level.
By 2020, the implementation cycle of the policy on Internet access will be very supportive of the industry’s excessive market orientation. We expect the 2019 parity to be a hot spot, a deep industry, and an absolute return.
The number of web projects is expected to be higher than expected, and this price-free Internet cycle will be a global rise in demand that will raise demand at the upper and upper end of the country.
The silicon is competitive and flexible. Due to the high concentration of silicon links and the fact that the supply of multi-chips overseas is now largely supplied by large domestic plants, one to two stocks are pushed. Weekly updates, if stock offers are constant, are fully stocked with large plants, with more bargaining power and higher prices. As demand moves up, the signs of a steady drop in silicon prices will follow.
The pattern of silicon is still the best, and silicon competition is still being recreated.
In order to achieve a significant victory over the market for these stocks, it is proposed to focus less on the development than expected. 3) The impact of such factors as electric car safety accidents, changes in photovoltaic technology.  [Excellently pushed] shares in the current period (600438)
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side in Beijing City City. Good root support agriculture + light-voltage + world-class dragons are flying again. The company is listed mainly in feed business. Mr. Liu Han Won, Chairman of the Board, is a technocrat, highly valued pool of technology and talent, and has a strong sense of cost control. With these good foundations, the group has its own.
The forward-looking layout began in 2006 with a photovoltaic block, and in 2016, the company acquisition group’s PV assets entered the PV field. In three major operations, there was a clear competitive advantage; the “fishing one” power station achieved the organic integration of corporate agriculture with PV units. The company’s current equity structure concentrated on future positioning of world-class clean energy (photovoltage) operators and suppliers of safe products (water products), with wide scope for development.
2. Price-equal access to the Internet will drive a major expansion of the photovoltaic sector, with the silicon chain most favoured in the new cycle. In the long term, there is a wide range of clean energy sources, represented by photovoltaics, and bnef expects to generate 48% of the combined photovoltaic and wind power in the future. We have set up a photo-voltage rate rate of return on the Internet, a model that we believe will gradually move the industry towards a new recovery and price-free Internet cycle in the second half of 2019, starting in 2020.
Looking at the whole industry chain, we believe that the silicon chain of import substitution, with a large increase in concentration, is the most worthwhile, and that the advantages of corporate multi-crysilica operations are evident, and it is hoped that import substitution and industrial upgrading will continue. The country’s multi-crysilica imports accounted for 40% of its apparent consumption in 2017, and there is still much room for import substitution. Industry has high technology and cost thresholds, and it is expected that a new oligopoly pattern will emerge in the future.
Companies will maintain a high level of profitability. By 2015, they will have completed the conversion of cold-hydrogens to energy-saving energy, while building a “chemical-PV” revolving economic chain, followed by continuous technological upgrading, optimization of processes, and clear cost and quality advantages.
The company now owns the battery plate 5.4gw, which ranks first among the world’s professional battery film producers in 2017. The company has reduced the cost of battery processing below 0.3/w, thanks to automated equipment applications and very strong cost-control capabilities, and maintains better profitability under current product price pressures.
By virtue of the quality of its high-quality products, the company has established long-term partnerships with nine of the world's top 10 component manufacturers and has secured good cash flows through the sale of zero-credit models. 5,543 drops in the strategy to speed up the process of accessing the Internet at par, and the next cycle of power stations is expected to grow rapidly. The company has implemented a “543” drop in power stations.
Over the years of this strategy, the combined cost of the power plant has now been reduced to within $5/w, and in 2019 it will be reduced to within $4/w or even $3/w. The company relies on a photovoltaic whole-sector layout with better cost control and quality than industry. The company owns more than 300,000 well-cooperative farmers, covering an area of 10 million acres of water, of which 4 million acres of ponds will support the installation of power plants at around 110gw and will develop a wide range of space in the next line.
Business development cycles, i.e. price-free Internet cycles, are expected to lead to better long-term cash flows for companies. “The flagship of the new PV 2018105 shares (600438.sh) cycle, which combines the first night of an advantage,” Development of new energy industries, such as power cells, photovoltaic power plants, with a thorough understanding of the industrial chain, industry development, and abundance of resources; and special skills to tap investment opportunities from market and industrial development to balance cycle and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 to conduct research in the new energy sector. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making with this group of customers. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.