A robust growth in performance, a catalytic convergence of multi-business lines — a report from the high-profile (002475.sz) incident assessment — a robust growth in consumer electronics and a sustained expansion of emerging product lines
2023h2 smartphones, smart wearable devices, personal computers, etc.
At the same time, the acquisition of part of the U.S. Wirtschaftsprüfer semiconductor (qorvo) assets, the development of the company’s precision manufacturing power at the front end of the radio frequency module, and the promotion of the company’s cross-cutting development from system to module envelopes,
Reriching product lines to develop new dynamic energy. Deep layout and data centres.
The company's power connections, light connections, wind/liquid heat radiating, power management, firing.
In collaboration with head chip manufacturers, they are forward-looking in developing the next generation of high-speed connectivity standards, such as 800g and 1.6t, for mainstream global data centres and cloud service providers.
Products in the area of breakdown, such as external high-speed copper cables, cable and connector components, backboards, connectors and backboard cables, etc., are at the level of technology, product strength and industry leadership. The demand for high-performance ai is expected to continue to surge in 2024.
The company’s communications and data centre operations are expected to benefit in depth. It creates a matrix of diversified automobile products, opening up a second-growth curve as cars “electrification”, “intelligent”, “networking” continues.
To develop, firms have moved horizontally into the area of automobiles, building on the rapid and iterative capacity accumulated over the years, cost-control capabilities, the advantages of a globalized supply chain, the advantages of innovation in research and development.
Automotive systems, five product matrices, including high/low pressure wire beams, high speed beams, charge guns, car connections, smart seat area controllers, liquid crystal meters, tri-combined power systems, arhud, dms, etc.
Head mainframes and auto brand clients have established multi-dimensional, deep-level strategic partnerships, and have made a breakthrough with the Chirre car in the Tier 1. It is expected that with the rapid succession of technology in the global automobile market, the scale will continue to grow and the new technology will continue to grow.
The energy cars have increased their penetration, both within and outside the country, and are expected to start 16, 12 and 10 times the corresponding amount. Given that the company has been deep-deep in precision manufacturing for many years, the technology is strong, the size is significant, and it works with head customers.
Close. Building on the consolidation of the traditional advantages of consumer electronics, the communications data industry, the forward-looking layout of automobiles, the prospects for development, the lower-than-expected demand for “empowerment” downstream, the slower-than-expected climb of new production lines, and technology.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.