Sinjiyama's evidence, top-secret (002475.sz) consumer electronics are the foundation, and I'm the driver of diversity.
On April 26, 2024, the company published its 2023 annual report and its 24th quarterly report, as well as its performance outlook for the first half of the year.
Highest/minimum in year: Tired experience, resulting in the integration of spare parts, modules to complete machine, accompanied by new technologies such as ai and xr Unit/total equity (billions):
The technology is constantly emerging, with continuous innovation in a more intelligent mix of products, especially future-ai technology in hand-flowing a share of market value (billions): further applications of machine, pc, wearable products, etc., to open up the industrial space again.
Art + Bottom Technology's Capability Circle allows companies to continuously extend their capabilities to new areas, ensuring that new business such as communications and cars can grow rapidly over the long term, opening up new growth curves. Products such as company communications/business continued to contract power connections, light connections, heat distribution, power supply management, radio frequency, etc., are gradually being developed in 2023.
The entire product matrix, in the data centre high-speed interconnection industry, the company and the international flagship data centre manufacturer jointly developed standards for the next generation of high-speed connectivity industries such as 800g, 1.6t, with clear technical advantages in such areas as high-speed copper cables, cable cables, etc., and gradually extended more lines of communication products to the customer supply chain.
The technological experience of the Toto consumer electronics, while keeping in touch with domestic and international head car brand clients, Gowoo-Yo, transferring capacity in the consumer electronics sector to the automobile industry, has now formed car beams/linkers, intelligence.
Four main lines of business: cabin, body, electronics, power management, and actively expanding customers. 24 years of steady growth, based on industry recovery, i-intelligent trends drive the company president to repair, i-gets a fast growth in the data centre industry, and new energy vehicle intelligence leads to car-borne electronics.
The industry is also very growing. The three major sectors of corporate consumer electronics, telecommunications, and automobiles are currently on the upward trend, while the one-way trend opens up long-term growth space.
For the first time, a “buy-in-a” rating was granted, considering the company’s leading position in the consumer electronics sector, along with the deployment of new energy vehicles and servers. The risk of macroeconomic volatility: the international and domestic economy is challenged, with the company’s downstream demand coming mainly from
Consumer electronics, high correlation between end demand and the economy, and risk of macroeconomic impacts. International trade friction leads to supply chain risk: companies have a high share of downstream customers abroad, potentially recipient countries \triangleright
International politics threatens to block supply chains. Industry competition exacerbates the risk: the downstream of a company’s products is dominated by consumer electronics, car electronics, data-centres, etc., and companies run more competitors in the odm business model, with the risk of falling market shares.
Client innovation is not as risky as expected: the growth of the company comes mainly from the added value of the innovation belt of the downstream brand client product \triangleright, there is uncertainty about STI and there is a slowdown in innovation if it is not as rapid as expected
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.