A steady growth in performance, with 24h1 performance forecasts highlighting corporate resilience \triangleright at $10.2 billion, compared to 20.7 per cent, while companies published a quarterly report in 2024, 24q1
Performance meets expectations, business is strong and confident. The consumer electronics industry as a whole is less attractive because of the downside of the global economy and geopolitics, but with a series of new products coming from the major end brands in the second half of the year.
Companies rely on vertical integration and horizontal mergers and acquisitions to achieve robust growth in their performance. By branch, consumer electronics generated revenue of 19.2 billion yuan in 2023, compared to 9.75%, and the company’s first largest client income continued to rise, following up on the ai mobile phone.
With the advent of the "iphone" the smart machine is expected to grow again; communications generated 14.5 billion yuan, and 1. Upgrade (002475.sz) event evaluation: the acquisition of the q Division ' s product structure continued to be optimized and the net profit level steadily increased.
2. Three-quarterly reports (002475.sz) in 2023 show a downward trend, mainly as a result of the company ' s continuous optimization of organizational and system processes, with significant efficiency gains.
In the communications business, the company continues to contract electricity connections, \triangleright connections, wind/squeezing heat, power management, radio frequency, etc., through the acquisition of qorvo in Beijing and Shandong.
All the assets of Texas in 2023 were reported in high-quality news (002475.sz), further nurturing the company's precision manufacturing capacity at the front end of the radio frequency module, and strengthening the quarterly report's performance forecast: performance against expectations, mr+b
The advantages of direct integration services drive companies to move from system encapsulation to module encapsulation. In addition, 4. Detailed (002475.sz) depth reports: Automobile competitions in the field of high-speed interconnection of data centres, companies have successfully developed 112gpam4 unsourced copper cables dac, 112g
With a new growth and a sophisticated production of taps and a new launch of 2023/02/1 pam4 active copper cables acc, it can well meet the copper cable requirements in and between the data centre cabinets, and its 224g new product technology and layout is a global leader.
For more than 10 years, in an in-depth strategic partnership with head-to-head factory and car brand clients, high/low pressure wire beams, high-speed wire beams, charge guns, car connectors, smart airspace controllers, liquid crystal meters, triad power systems, arhud, dms, etc.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further as the share of mobile phones is continuously raised, the customer outreach and the volume of new items in the automobile and communications business continues to grow.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.