Great Wallmoto (601633ch) holds on to long-termism and leads the ecosystem out of the sea upholdinglong-termism, steeringecologicaloverseasexpansion
Wang Shenzhenoscarwang, cfa Wangkaiwang, cfa hot speed review flashanalysis
On June 18, the Great Wall Cars held a general meeting of shareholders in 2024 at the capital headquarters of Hebei, bringing together nearly 100 investors. The Governor of the Wall, Wei, took up the post and exchanged views with investors on long-termist strategies, multi-powered platforms, intelligent transformation, and “eco-seaing” overseas, responding to industry competition and failure.
Over the next five years, the Great Wall will become a multi-power platform for deep-farming and promoting a “one-car-by-car” strategy to meet the demand for hybrid and fuel-type vehicles in different markets, especially in regions with inadequate electricity supply. In 2024, sales reached 1,234,500.
Coffeepilotultra and cooffeeos3, based on the “forest ecology” system and the purple m-100 code chip, built up to a large model of intelligence, leading the industry in the three fields of algorithms, data, and arithmetic. The strategic focus of globalization, “Ecologic Out of the Sea,” has now established more than 1400 overseas channels, with cumulative sales reaching 1.9 million vehicles, and Brazilian factories are about to launch in 2025.
In 2025, the Wall will also launch a series of hot-spot cars, tanks suv aimed at urban markets, Wei, Hafer, Ora, and Pica, to consolidate competitive advantages in a diversified product matrix. Wei: Key catchers for the Wall’s high-end leap. As the vanguard of the Wall’s high-end strategy, Wei has been blocked by strategic adjustments and positioning swings.
The first five months saw a cumulative delivery of 24297, or 44%, to the top five brands. The brand increased its R & D and marketing input, promoted senior executives to ceo, expanded its direct camp network and strengthened its lines, highlighting its strategic position in the group.
In May, the High Mountain Family and the Blue Hills have been listed in order to build further technological and design advantages; intelligent assistive driving and home-based scenes are driven by two wheels, creating different barriers to competition. For overseas, Wei will work with sister brands such as tanks and Hafer to achieve complementarity of resources and high-end surges. With group endorsement and independence, Wei has become the core engine for the Great Wall to leap high, and will continue to contribute to growth in the rich mix of products and ecologization out of the sea in the future.
Onjune 18, newwallmoctorheldits 2024annualmaticmeatingatitsheadquatterersinbound, hebei, withnearlyahundred investment-marking thehighesturnoutinrecentyears.chairmanweijianjunsaspresentandengagedweith
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Anchoredinlong-termism, greatwallaimstobuildahh-valuehicleportfolioforioorgloballexpansion.attheagm, the companyrefirmeditscompansiontolong-termism, prioritizingh-qualitymarketshareoverrapidgrodrowth, andstressing producedservice.overthenextlifefulyears, greatwallwallwillfehenitsmulti-powertrainplatformstragy, promoting
"onevehicle, multipowertrains"tomemetdiversemarketneds-espediallyinregionswithlimitedelecracyinfrastructure.in billionnetprofit (+80.8% yoy).ontheintelligencefront, thecompanylaunchedthecoffeepillotttraandoffeeos3,and,everageitsforestercososystemstemanthein-houselifelinedzhijingm100automotive-gradechip, hasbultanend-to-end
"with more than 1,400 overseassalesandcuruseuses surpassing 1.9 millillionunits, greatwall'sbrazilplatissettobedinoperations2025, towering overseasassessofover
In 2025, the company would never have been able to make a difference, includingthethanksuvforbanmarkets, alongsidecontinuedexsionofwey, haval, ora, andnickupseriestrestrengthenitscompetativeedgeethroughidiversified productmaryx.
Wey: strategizedreall'spremiumpush. stheflagshipbrandingreatwall'shigh-endstrategy, weyhasrebunded sharplyafterpastallallengesredtostrategicdriftandproduceposition. wiijiianjun'sdirectinvolvement, thebrand hasenteredanewgrovethphase.inmay, weydelivered6, 161unts (+115.3% Yoy), wiicumuselivedeliveriesof 24, 297untsin
The first five months (+44% yoy), makeitthefast-growingbrandwithinthegroup. thebrandsignificantlyincreased&d and marketinginvestments, appointedenexperiencedzeo, expandeditsdirectsalesnetwork, andenhancedonline engagement-highlightingitstratectectificacistissuesinthegroup.
Inmay, thegaosmpfamilyandtheupdatedlanshansuvwerelaunched, strengthebrand's productanddesign competitivities.by focusingonentigentassestedddrivendfamily-orientedscreenarios, weyisbulbuildingdistinctadvantagesin interference.foroverseesmarkets, weywillellcollaboratithsiblindskekandhavaltoprsuecomplementary
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the only one who can do it, and I'm the one who can do it.
Lower-than-expectedoverseasexpansion, indexer-than-expetednevdemand, and Macroeconomicdownturners. Appendix