q4 performance increased on a year-on-year basis, with the overseas/tank/weed expected to continue to contribute more.
Billion dollars, +80.8% year-on-year, performance increases are mainly due to high-end new energy sources and overseas operations, Māori ratio +0.78 pct, RMB +23.2 million. Single q4 yields 59,941 million yuan, the same ring ratio is still in place in the new overseas market to influence Māori over the long term, and the year-end award boosts management costs, etc., given the company’s sea level.
. .q4 sales increased by the same amount, the ring increased by the Wei, the tanks, the Haver, the overseas business were clearly driven by the company q4 sales equal to the ring sales + 3.5/29.0 per cent, of which, according to FMC data, the high-end new energy brand Wei/tank sales equal to +158.7/5.5 per cent, the ring +78.4 per cent/13.8 per cent, and the main brand Hover sales equal to the ring sales.
However, in the context of tank branding and the growth of overseas sales, the company ' s q4 Māori ratio is the same as 1.9 pct/-4.3 pct, mainly because of the company ' s new overseas market to be released and the expected profit margin of the Russian market is somewhat influenced by the end-of-life tax. In terms of cost rates, driven by economies of scale, the company ' s current cost ratio is the same -2.5 pct/-1.5 pct, but
• Tanks/Overseas markets continue to grow, the new Wei cycle is starting to add up, and intelligent and technologically intensive rides are taking place. Companies have developed a hei4/hi4-t/hi4-z/hi4-g system, covering a wide range of urban/off-road/road transport scenes.
Some of the tank brands will apply Blue Mountain systems, and a similar, but less costly, smart driving system will be used to boost production capacity in the 150,000-grade Haver-type and above, which is expected to increase in 2024. In overseas operations, companies will actively push southwards.
In the hope of bringing in additional quantities - company information update report - The layout of markets such as the United States, right rudder and ASEAN, Middle East and Africa, contracts were completed in 2024 for the ckd plant in Malaysia and Viet Nam and the kd plant in Senegal, and the gradual release of the relevant market is expected to re-energize overseas operations
"Hi4-z technology advances to the field market, smartness is expected to accelerate entry -- company update report" profitability. By branding, tanks will focus on the development of he4-z power patterns and offshore operations in 2025.
Wei will launch a new, multi-intelligent vehicle model, and Hover and Ola brands will upgrade their products through smart technology.