Eurasia: A steady increase in profitability, a gradual increase in the country's supplemental effects, Eurasia (603833) Kang Wen-chung
State-led q4 factory orders are improving, and it is expected that they will warm up further in 25 years. We judge that 24q4 has been driven by state-led corporate plant orders, which have continued to shrink, and sales at the front have improved significantly.
In recent years, the Jiangsu Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Board and the Treasury Department have issued a new policy circular in 2025, which provides a 15% subsidy for sanitary cleaning, furniture and home lighting, smart homes, renovation of old houses, kitchen guards, etc., for locally adapted goods and materials, and does not exceed $30,000 per person.
The Director of the Department of Economic Construction of the Ministry of Political Affairs said that the central treasury had set aside $81 billion for the year 2025 in consumer goods in exchange for new capital, and that it was expected to boost subsidies to individual consumers for the renovation of old houses, local improvements such as kitchen guards, and home-based ageing and renovations.
Retailing has gone hand-in-hand. The 23-year old European brand model of product-centred business has been reorganized into a city-centred business model, with full product, full channel management, and up to the end of 24h1 retailing has grown brightly with more than 850 effective outlets (more than 200 at the beginning of the year).
It has been driven by Europa+Phone brands, and has been actively preparing distributors for current flows, marketing assistance, etc., to speed up the process of developing and marketing end-of-pipe models and to build barriers to competition. Big business controls risk, and is fully committed to opening up a new and less risky business.
The Māori rate has risen in reverse and positive internal changes. The Māori rate of 24q1-3 is 35.5% (as compared with the previous period, the company has almost completed Tianjin, Wuhan, Tin-free, Chengdu, five major full-grade, full-functional base layouts, independently running the bases, covering a 500-km radius at the centre of the base, respectively).
Demand for product delivery within the perimeter; in addition, implementation of delivery reforms and improved full chain logistics cost control around main line integration, cargo busing, lift transport and informatization.
Quantities., ltd Gold House No. 127, Wumen West Avenue, Beijing, Beijing.b Risk factors: over-expected property, lower-than-expected recovery in consumption, increased industrial competition.
Kang Wen-yung, General Manager, Center for New Consumer Studies, Master of Arts, Shanghai Transport University. First author published a number of sci+ei papers, Lee Morning, Graduated from the University of California, Bay School of Physics, majoring in mathematics/auxiliary accounting; graduate students, successful candidates for evaluation in Ro Fung, Gold and Crystal Balls; joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2024, mainly covering
Cao Cao has graduated from the Central University of Finance and Economics and a master's degree from the University of Washington, St. Louis.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.