The crystal circle is the leader of the new generation, with the ability to expand and pursue technology on 24th of May 2023.
Keywords: #import replaces the world's leading ICD industry: Mid-Key International is the world's leading ICD industry, one of the process platforms contains advanced logic platforms, mature logic platforms and
Special process platforms provide global customers with crystal-based engineering and technology services ranging from 0.35 m to the various technology nodes infinfet. The company collected 495.2 billion yuan (yoy+39%) in 2022, which is a new high in Maori history. In 2022, the company sold about 7.0988 million pieces of crystals for about 8 inches, compared to the same amount.
In terms of income structure, the smartphones, smart households, consumer electronics and semiconductor industries were waiting to rebound in 2022: sales in the global semiconductor industry fell seven months in a row and the industry was at the bottom.
In terms of the volume of equipment/new energy vehicles to be worn, the market is expected to recover in 2023 and, according to several large mills, the chain inventory adjustment cycle continues to be up to the top of 23 colour processes and mature logical platforms, with 0.18 m and 55/65 nm as a proportion of revenue.
The company's four 12-inch new plant projects continued to move forward, with mid-hut Shenzhen entering the production phase at the end of 2022, the mid-hut city entering the test phase, the center-hut port completing the main structural caps, and the center-husk Xianqing beginning the construction of the earth.
The year-on-year harvest is projected to fall by a factor of 10, the Maori rate is around 20 per cent, capital spending is increasing significantly over the technological revolution in ai, and advanced processes accelerate catch-up: as advanced process techniques become supportive of reporting professional research and analysis, it is expected that the year-on-year harvest will be reduced by about 20 per cent.
Ben is on the rise, and only one power station, Three Stars, and Intel are still on the advanced track, especially thanks to the wings of the horse, Bo, and the company, which is the only advanced process challenger. China Point International officially opened in the second half of 2019.
The next 12 nanometers, 7 nanometers, etc., can continue to follow the Finfet structure.
The company is expected to play an important role in the development of the trend. The risk of excess capacity; increased exposure to the list of entities.
The company is one of the world’s leading integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-crystal industries, providing 0.35 m to the various technology nodes of the world’s customers with crystallized industrial and technical services. Companies are actively expanding their production capacity, and high levels of capital spending support the company’s expansion program and advanced process breakthroughs.
2. The semiconductor industry is still waiting to reboot, with a large national alternative, semiconductor industry of 23 q3. The global semiconductor industry, influenced by overall demand, has a seven-month-long decline in sales, with the industry at the bottom. With the recovery in economic warming and consumption, industry leaders, for example, are expected to respond.
The bulk of semiconductor equipment, such as FF, Panlin, and East Electric, is expected to recover in the second half of 2023. The incremental demand for high-calculatory chips and storage chips is driven by the demand for high-calculation crystals.
31.2%; China's ii chip market will be 17.8 billion yuan, with 2019-2025cagr expected to be 42.9%. The crystal circle market has a concentration of more than 90% of the oligarchy, where electricity is the absolute leader of the crystal circle industry, with a share of more than 50%. The crystal circle industry has a high financial barrier. As the process is up, the crystal circle workers' difficulties are significantly raised.
The mature process is still the mainstream, with domestic and international manufacturers plus coded layouts, and future leaders who drive more advanced processes will be left with power, three stars, and Intel, while the center core international, as a catch-up for continuous input, will also be the most advanced.
Advanced semiconductor equipment technology is largely dominated by countries like the US and Europe and Japan. We have a low rate of national substitution for semiconductor materials, and there is an increasing need for accelerated national production of core materials.
3. Mid-Crystal International: The maturity process contributes the main income, the advanced process accelerates catch-up, the company’s production capacity is well structured and the product structure is rich.
The main downstream applications are: central core international specialty processes covering power sources/simulating chips, ddic, igbt, storage, radio frequency, etc., with a range of 0.35m~24nm, downstream areas covering consumer electronics such as mobile phones, fast charge, white power, industrial variability frequency, railing, new energy fields such as electric cars, smart grids, and communications such as wireless communication, iot.
The advanced process: the only one in the country to be the founder of the advanced crystal-crystal mill, national production substitution, and the ai trend. The finfet technique can be applied to 5 nm, and the company is expected to accelerate the process.
Profit predictions and investment ratings The industrial chain is expected to warm back to the bottom, while the demand for high-calculus chips and high-calculation crystals rises.
Downstream demand does not warm as much as expected; equipment is not delivered as expected; mature process yield overcapacity risks; increased exposure to physical inventory.
I am presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect my personal views on the securities or issuers described, and the specific proposals or views contained in this report are, or will be, made in the past, present or future, directly or indirectly unrelated to my remuneration.