Searching for the truth from history - Distinguishing the mass media market - 30th of August 2019, Zhang Liangwei.
• This paper, based on industry and company history data, is intended to answer three major questions of interest to investors in the current business situation: whether there is room for a lower rate of Maori in the context of macroeconomic weakness; whether media in buildings will be replaced by precision media such as the Internet; and changes in the current pattern of competition within the industry
A detailed study of the financial data for the year shows that the company’s Māori rate is constant at 57-77% per year, and we find that it is very similar to what the company is currently facing: first, the economic environment.
They were very low; second, the crowds expanded their screens on a large scale, increasing by 65.5 per cent and 50 per cent in 2007 and 08, respectively, compared to 75.7 per cent in 18 years, so the factors of expansion were comparable, but in 2009, when the economic situation was more severe, the company year.
While the Māori rate fell to 36.7 per cent only, the company has seen 36.5 per cent in the first quarter of this year. Brand and effect advertising work at different stages of consumer purchasing, both of which are commercial imperatives and are chosen only in a given economic context, without substitute relationships.
The media companies are essentially marketing access to the audience, through content, channels, etc., and then package and price access to the audience and sell it to advertisers.
As a result, the share of the media in the budget allocation for advertisers is also increasing. The most important reason for determining the profit margins of media companies in each building is the high and low coverage rate.
Value and Performance Volatility: Annual 2019 Report tends to allocate the most important budget to reach the target audience (Variations in purpose of placement, Objective: Assessment 2019-08-22)
The biggest media outlets, but the other channels are complementary to the main channels, which leads to 2, Divisional Media: The second quarter continues to be low, and the number of members is much higher than that of their counterparts. Post rates determine profit margins, which are difficult to achieve.
The expansion of the client structure bubble in the cold winter of capital is the root cause of the slow growth of competitors over the years. Unless competitors are able to reach the audience size that matches the crowd, it will be difficult to break through the add-on.
3. Divisional media: operational dilemmas, which result in their running for long periods of time in a negative cycle of low rates and high costs, make it difficult to focus on the long-term perspective of the “Three Unchanged”
• Profit forecasting and investment ratings: based on high corporate income elasticity and high leverage. We divide pessimism, neutrality, optimism about corporate performance and valuation according to the level of recovery of the Māori rate.
Valuation, which makes it attractive to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Carefully collating the main concerns of current investors with regard to the public media can be summarized as follows:1 macroeconomic fluctuations have a significant impact on posting rates, which in turn have an impact on the Maori rate and are based on high corporate leverage.
This has a significant impact on the company ' s earnings profits, so if there is any room for a downside in the company ' s Māori ratio: 2; whether the new medium, known for its precision, will gradually replace the budget allocation of the building ' s media, and whether the effect ads will continue to squeeze the brand advertising budget:
3. How will changes in the pattern of competition in the industry affect the company’s future?
Analysis of the historical data shows that revenue fluctuations are much greater than the growth rate of gdp (see figure below). This is the main factor that, if determined by the nature of brand advertising, when the economy is depressed, brand advertising is a budget that can easily be cut off and the economy improves.
And it's going to grow rapidly. And we find that the cyclical crutches of revenue fluctuations typically lag behind the gdp about one, which, because of the rigidity of operating costs, changes in income directly reduce the Māori rate and are reflected in the company's profits, so an analysis of the Māori rate helps us to determine what the macroeconomic impact on the performance of the GDR is.
1.2. Revelation from history: Māori rates are 43.87 per cent in the bottom zone and 34.6 per cent in the cinema media, all of which are significantly lower than in the past. However, according to our analysis of historical data, Māori rates are now in the bottom zone.
From year to year, it has been in a volatile region (figure 3 includes the years missing from the quarterly data) and in figure 2: the Māori rate in the building media is stable and the media is relatively small and has a high Māori level, thus having a weak impact on the overall Māori rate.
Figure 3: Change in Māori population relative to expansion of screens 2 times in the history of Māori in 2009 and 2019 alone, looking closely at the situation in 2009, found to be very similar to the current corporate dilemma: first, the economic environment was very low, and even more so in 09; second, the population was divided.
A large scale screen expansion was carried out, with 65.5 per cent and 50 per cent of screens in 2007 and 08, respectively, according to figure 3, and 75.7 per cent in 18 years, so that the company ' s business performance in 1999 was very relevant to the company ' s current development.
The financial crisis of 08 had a significant negative impact on domestic macroeconomics, with a sharp decline in the number of publications, resulting in a 20.5 per cent decline in income levels in 09, the first time that the Māori rate had collapsed due to cost rigidity (and impairment), and the Māori rate had fallen to the bottom level of 36.7 per cent in that year. Prior to the deterioration of the economic environment, there had been a significant expansion in the population and the economy.
After a severe blow to the company’s operations, the company had to shrink and devalue some of its screen assets, so at the end of 2009 the number of screens of the company’s buildings fell by 13.5 per cent compared to 08, which was the result of a rapid return to the company’s publishing and Maori rates only after the economy had warmed back.
At present, companies are facing both economic downturns and over-exploitation. The housing media Māori rate is also falling, with a current Māori rate of 42.01%, but the growth rate of the gdp fell by nearly 5 percentage points in 08, which is worse than the current economic situation, so that there is very little room for continued decline in coverage, and so the Māori rate is falling.
The figure below shows the historical scale of the global advertising market, which spans 105 years, and shows two things: one is that the scale of advertising spending is closely linked to the level of economic development and that it increases with gdp (consumption spending increases with gdp); and the other is that 105 years of history is enough to witness the growth and decline of an industry.
But we see advertising spending going up (noting that the next picture is numerical, and the volatility in the middle is smooth), and very few industries are able to win the growth rate of gdp in the long run, just as very few funds are able to run the winning index, but the increase in advertising spending is comparable. We see that in this long history, advertising spending has also been large.
In retrospect, it experienced a significant decline during the Great Depression (which was about 40% on a logarithmic scale rather than intuitive), and we can even see clear upward and downward fluctuations from any one of its historical stages, but this does not prevent advertising spending from being innovative in scale, nor does it prevent growth from following the pace of economic growth.
The underlying mechanism for such growth in advertising spending is simple and clear, because when people's income levels rise, advertisers are willing to spend more on advertising to translate their income into real consumption of products and services.
This is one of the important reasons Buffett loves and pays well for investing in newspapers, radios, etc. Investment in the advertising business during a period of economic downturn can benefit from the growth of the industry after the economy’s recovery.
2.1. Brand and effect advertising are business imperatives, and there are no substitute issues. Consumers go through about five psychological stages, from exposure to marketing information to purchasing behaviour: notation.
In the first four stages, brand advertising plays its role as the basis for consumer awareness, and effect advertising is primarily the last link - the promotion of purchasing behaviour.
For products that do not have branded knowledge, even buying traffic advertising does not have a better transformation effect than a product that has branded visibility, and once such products are stopped from posting traffic advertising, their sales may fall significantly, but once the cards are accumulated, they are sustainable, so brand advertising and effect advertising are all necessary for business development, but only if they do.
There is no question of alternatives in particular economic situations. 2.2. Building media is a very viable track, although the overall size of the advertising industry has grown with gdp, the building media may not necessarily be a segment of it.
Would it be so, just as advertising has been growing in size, but the paper medium is falling, so will the media in the building be left behind by cross-border competition in the Internet media? Or, what is the fundamental 2.2.1. that determines a medium’s access to the advertising budget?
Media companies are essentially marketing opportunities to reach their audiences, and such companies get access through content, channels, etc., and then package and price access to their audiences and then sell them to advertisers. In this business model, the audience is hard currency from a large number of media companies, who provide advertising revenue, and the value of the research media advertising is real.
The question of the media is the question of the audience: the idea of advertising is about advertising, not content consumption. Investors tend to think about advertising in terms of consumer content, thinking that the audience is watching advertising like people watching TV.
As in movies, magazines, newspapers, when people look at the content of these media, the value of the media ads drops, so it's very important to look at it, and if people look at their phones while waiting for the elevators or on the elevators, the advertising effect of the building ads decreases, and the advertisers drop the advertising, and the revenue from the building ads drops.
However, it's a matter of content consumption thinking about advertising, and the reality is that advertising is simply not content consumption, advertising and content are two different claims, and the subject of the claim is different: the consumer is the demand side of the content and the consumer is the “pay” for the content; the advertising is the need for the content.
The demand is for advertising, for advertising, not for consumer content, but for “impacting” consumers. This is a very important difference that can easily be ignored. Since it's impact, consumers take an elevator, not once, not once, twice, but ten, eight times, and it's actually a shadow.
So, advertising is actually paying for every opportunity to reach a consumer, so as long as media companies reach an audience, they can package and price access to the audience and sell it to the advertiser. So, media questions.
The question is about the audience, and the advertising value of the medium will not decrease as long as the audience of the medium increases. Data on the size of the audience and the value of the media advertising is illustrated in the graph below.
Figure 7: Relationship between newspaper circulation and advertising revenue: in the United States, radio penetration was almost 100% in 1920 or zero, by 1950, television was really up in the 1950s, and since then, coverage has increased rapidly, and the emergence of radios and televisions has shifted people's reading of newspapers.
In the 1990s, the Internet rose and attention was further distracted, but the income from newspapers continued to rise from $32.3 billion in 1990 to $45.4 billion in 2007.
In this long history, audiences have been distracted, but they have not reduced their advertising revenues at all. On the contrary, it is the presence of more media that distracts people, making it more difficult for advertisers to get the same attention, they have to spend more on advertising budgets to get the same attention as before, and the newspapers are wide-ranging.
But we noticed that the number of subscriptions to newspapers (i.e., the audience) had been declining since the 1990s, except when the compound growth rate of 7.24 per cent fell to a compound growth rate of 1.27 per cent between 1990 and 2007.
With the rise of the Internet, more efficient, more informative and more portable forms of content production, a massive shift of the audience to the Internet and a real crisis in the advertising value of the newspapers. The circulation of the newspapers does not seem to have declined significantly, in fact, because the US Press Distribution and Inspection Authority has begun to weigh readers who buy both paper and digital versions.
So the question of the media is about the audience, the advertising value of the medium as long as there is no shift in the audience, and the change in the size of the audience is the root cause of the decline of the traditional media and the growth of the building media.
The biggest difference between the media in the building, on the one hand, and those in the press, television, the Internet, on the other, is that the former does not rely on content to attract the audience. For the latter, content is the basis for reaching the audience, so when media are available to provide content of a similar nature in a more efficient, less costly way, the audience moves from the original medium to the new one.
And so we see the growth of newspapers. But the building media don't depend on content, and they cover the audience simply because the scenes are a must for the audience, so long as the way work and life are done, the building media won't lose the audience's base, so they won't lose the advertising value of the media. This is a comparison with other media, the building media.
Where the moat is, we can also explain why the traditional media are severely weakened by the Internet, but the building media are safe because the traditional media are losing their audience, the Internet and the building media are expanding their audience. As coverage increases, both media will also get more advertising budgets in the future.
According to the above analysis, the growth logic of the building media remains the logic of the budget. According to the Chinese Industry Information Network, the domestic advertising turnover in 2017 was $6,89.6 billion, television, radio, newspapers, periodicals, etc.
The total size of the media is 17,85.5 billion, or 25.88 per cent, and the audience is losing, and the budget of the advertiser is bound to be shifted to other media, while the share of the advertising owner's budget is only 1.36 per cent, and the size of the building's media is growing rapidly, and its share of the budget is very high, so the building's media is a very long track.
With regard to the discussion of competition issues, with regard to the disruption of competition patterns, the market is generally of the opinion that the entry of new tides would significantly increase the cost of rent in the industry, lower advertising prices, split the advertising owner's budget, significantly reduce the profitability of the company, and cut the net interest rate of the company to 15-20 per cent.
This is a long-term significant impact on corporate profitability. To explain the problem, we first look at 3.1. The high profitability of building media companies is derived from high publishing rates, and the business model of building media is very simple, rents enough advertising slots, and then shows the advertising slots for a certain period of time.
The power to sell to advertisers, and the amount of Māori that a screen can generate depends on the number of advertisements it can get, which is the marginal cost of a single screen to play an ad at almost zero, the more profit it will be, so the high Māori ratio of the public comes from the high print rate.
The contrast is influenced by the factors of expansion. Urban vertical publishing = Urban horizontal/separated single-screen collection * Listing rate: Single-screen profit = (single-screen rental costs)/simple-screen income: Chinese-language media data are researched, so we should be concerned about the impact of new trends in competition.
What can be done is to achieve a higher advertising rate? This is related to the advertising strategy of the advertisers. Since the major players in the media are the big advertisers, what is analysed below is the pitching strategy of the big advertisers.
A slight difference, but the overall strategy is consistent. 3.2. Advertising advertising strategies and budget allocation strategies determine the difference in advertising rates 3.2.1. Advertising advertising strategies: distribution of advertising budgets in a comparable way across multiple media
In order to achieve a more efficient touch, the advertiser allocates the advertising budget in a comparable way among the media. According to a report by the internationally renowned brand consulting firm Millwardburn (as shown in the figure below), the advertiser puts the budget in a combination of multiple mediums, one arrival rate (one arrival to the audience during the advertising period) and three arrival rates (wide)
In the following graph, 622 advertisers are allocated a budget of 6:2 for television, the Internet, and the building media, which is better than 100% (i.e. 100) for the project. Figure 10: Average arrival rate of media mixes in 7 industries and 6 cities
Figure 11: Average arrival rate of a combined media strategy of 622 in 7 industries
Count. The target client is not always the same depending on the product that the advertiser offers or the purpose for which it is intended, and the main medium that the advertiser chooses is different. For example, the sale plan of a fast-discharge company is a general shampoo, when the target client is the people of the country, and the first choice is for the most extensive television.
The media start allocating the main budget and then choose other media to supplement it; but if it's promoting some high-end shampoo, then the target client may focus on the second-line city, where the Internet or building media are usually the main channels for allocating the budget, other media supplements, etc.
The medium of choice will also be different, but throughout it, the aim is to prioritize the largest budget to reach the target audience. Why is this distribution strategy?
Many large media, the end result of which is that the big media receive large budgets, and the small media receive only a small budget. If too many small media are chosen, more transactions and monitoring will necessarily be involved because of the complexity of the advertising process. In long-term industry practice, advertisers tend to start allocating budgets from the big media, and smaller media become larger.
The advertising strategy and the budget allocation strategy determine the difference between the number of registered companies in the building media and the distribution of budgets among the different media companies within the same medium is also guided by this principle, giving priority to the choice.
The media cover a sufficient number of target audiences, supplemented by other media companies. For the building’s media, a large number of advertisers are advertising in buildings, which, because of their unique coverage of advantages in two-line cities, is a bridge that cannot be bypassed if advertising reaches large groups of people mainly in the building’s media.
Liang, who chooses other media companies to supplement it only if the advertisers require more coverage than the public. For example, 80% of the buildings in a given city are covered. If the advertisers need only 80% coverage, then it is enough, but if 90% coverage is to be achieved, in order to increase the 10%,
So, not to say that large advertisers don't advertise in other media companies, they're more likely to have options when they're not able to meet the owner's coverage requirements, and that's what they're doing.
The company’s listing rate is much lower than that of the public. Because the cost of a single screen does not differ much, how much of it determines the level of profit, it is very difficult for companies like Chinese, cities, etc. to expand without profit, which is the root cause of the slow growth of companies like Chinese, cities, etc. over the years (because it is a “supplementary part”, so advertisers)
As a result, there is a gap in the size of the audience, which makes the products of these building media companies very different for advertisers, which creates a difference in coverage rates and limits the further expansion of competitors. Other competitors seem to be expanding on a large scale (the largest one is currently one-fifth of the size of the screen), but actually reaching a large audience of quality.
Pointing is firmly in the hands of the public, which makes it difficult for other companies to get out of a complementary position, far from matching the level of coverage on the screen, and for competitors to run for long periods of time in a negative cycle with low rates of coverage and high costs, making it difficult to achieve a balance of gains and losses and posing a real threat to the public.
The cost changes have been contained, and after last year's industry competition, industry costs, mainly rental costs, have reached a very high level, and the current pattern of competition in the industry is stable, so single-screen costs will not change significantly.
Bit optimization and lower costs of single-point lease, and a slow downward trend in operating costs. Since most screens were added in the second half of the year, rent and depreciation at the time of conversion represented only six months of cost, resulting in lower single-screen rental and depreciation costs in 2018, which we actually spent on 2019.
Only a 10% increase in rent costs (about 20% in 2018) has been assumed for the calculation, which reflects a significant variation because single-screen costs include rent and depreciation for the entire year. Based on the above analysis, the current volatility in corporate profitability is due to cost increases due to the rapid expansion of screens.
Plus and income levels are influenced by macros, which are temporary problems as the economic environment improves and the publishing rate rises. We see that, even in the highly competitive Internet advertising media, the net interest rates of companies are actually vindicated.
The company announced on the evening of 30 August that its first employee holding plan had been implemented, with a total of 270 million yuan.
A 36-month period of locking highlights the firm’s management’s confidence in its long-term development.
Measurements of company performance and value are based on three scenarios: pessimistic, neutral, optimistic. The basis for the calculation is as follows: Income = Single Screen * Number of Screens = Previous Year's Single Screen * (1+ Rate Change in Listing Rate)* (1+ Rate of Implementation Price Change)* Previous Year's Screen * (1+ Rate of Screen Number Change)
The current pattern of competition in the industry is stable and the industry is not willing to continue to expand significantly, so the rate of screen number change is not expected to change significantly; while improvements in corporate single-screen revenue are dependent on increases in publishing rates and price increases for advertising enforcement, which are more stable due to the impact of prices on both supply and demand and other media, but the rate is likely to be wider.
In order to divide the company’s revenues more carefully, we have reasonablely dismantled the revenues from the network and frame in the building’s media. After the company’s shares were listed, the sub-income of the network and the framework media was not disclosed.
Our calculations are based on the average value of the data disclosed by the company in the United States. Table 5: Distribution of income from the network and the building screen (in US dollars/year, dollar/year) are calculated based on the calculation formula for the income from the single screen from the beginning of this section.
After last year’s industry competition, industry costs, mainly rental costs, have reached a high level, and the current pattern of industry competition is stable, so single-screen costs will not change significantly, and we expect a slow decline in business costs as point optimization and single-point rental costs fall in the future.
Since the Māori rate = (income-cost)/income, the rate of coverage is not only the most important variable affecting income elasticity, but also the most important variable affecting the Māori rate, that is, the profitability of the company. So the faster the rate recovery, the faster the public's single-screen output and the Māori rate recovers.
In a pessimistic scenario, we assume that it will take five years for the company to restore the Māori rate to around 60%, and in an optimistic scenario, we assume that the company will recover the Māori rate to about 60% in just three years.
In all three cases, the remaining assumptions are consistent, as shown in the table below: Based on our previous analysis and the above-mentioned core assumptions, the measured performance results are presented in the table below.
The single screen income data for the last year of presentation during the projection period were only slightly above the 2018 level, with a large number of screens expanded in 2018 that did not show the company ' s real single screen profitability, while the corporate commercial broadcast network, frame frames and cinema media single-screen revenues in 2017 were $16,677 per year, $3562 per year and 199402 per year, respectively.
In terms of costs, since the majority of screens were added in the second half of 2018, rents and discounts at the time of conversion reflect only half a year's cost, resulting in lower single-screen rental and depreciation costs in 2018. In fact, only about 10 per cent of rental costs were assumed to increase in 2019 (an increase of about 20 per cent in 2018), as described in the underlying assumptions above, as a result of single-screen costs.
The cost includes rent and depreciation throughout the year, which is why the magnitude of the change is greater. The greater elasticity of corporate income (figure 1) and the characteristics of high leverage are present. 4.4.dcf valuation
Based on the above business assumptions and measurements, two basic assumptions are added: a discount rate of 11 per cent based on capm models; and a constant growth rate of 3 per cent. As the building media are growing in addition to following the growth of gdp, it is still being seized.
With the share of the budget in the media, long-term income growth will be greater than the growth of gdp, so we can get a company's dcf valuation, which we value at $88.9 billion in pessimistic conditions, and an advertising industry that can win the gdp acceleration, where the building media is a uniquely competitive track.
With the decline of traditional media and the increase in the number of audiences covered by the building’s media, the building’s media is bound to share more advertising plans. As industry leads, with the warming of the macro-environment, performance and valuation will be double-clicked.
1. The macro-environment is in excess of expectations. Corporate revenues are heavily affected by macro-environmental impacts, which can have a significant impact on the company’s performance if the macro-economy slips; 2. Refunds of receivables are unfavourable.
The slowdown has led to a significant increase in corporate bad debt preparedness in the second quarter of this year, with asset losses resulting from bad debt in the first half of the year amounting to $379 million, much higher than in the past. The impairment of accounts receivable has had a significant impact on the company’s performance, but still does not yield significant results and should focus on it;
3. Increased competition. Building media are receiving increasing attention from big online flows, and their continued input will push up industry costs, resulting in less than expected recovery of corporate profitability.