Alternative consumer media (002027): The advertising industry is still low, corporate income, profits are double-difficult, macroeconomics are top-down and clients are restructured, and corporate revenue and profits are down.
In view of the economic impact, the demand in the advertising market weakened in the first half of 2019. At the same time, the cooling of the primary market caused some Internet customers to cut the ladder budget, and consumer customers have replaced the Internet as the company’s first largest consumer since 2018h1 and the collection ratio has continued.
Upgraded. The deterioration of the external environment combined with the continuous restructuring of internal clients, while opening new customers has not yet generated a significant increase in revenue, resulting in a 19.59 per cent decline in corporate income of 2019h1 on a year-on-year basis, and a reverse expansion of the ring, resulting in a rapid increase in costs on a year-on-year basis, with the cost of benefiting from the expansion being controlled.
In the first half of the year, there was a significant increase in costs. But the company has expanded since this year and has divided the media (002027) The Media (002027): Reverse expansion has led to short-term profits.
After slowing down and focusing on optimizing the current location, we expect that the cost side of the company will be brought under pressure to focus on changes in the margins of the company. One-point efficiency is expected to pick up as the current number of posts rises.
Client repayments slowed down, resulting in a corresponding increase in the amount of credit-depreciation losses and the provision. The company’s distribution media (002027) increased its client service and gave more time to strategic clients, resulting in a faster rate of return from the company.
(002027) Adjustment of buy-back programmes, roll-out of stock-holding schemes, taking into account medium- and long-term investments in companies Profit projections: assuming that the company's operations continue to progress steadily, ps are projected for 19-21 years
Distributive media (002027): Reverse expansion puts short-term profits on the margins of the company Distribution media (002027): advertising is still low, company income and profits are on the double side Distribution media (002027), advertising is still on the low side, company income and profits are on the double side
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved $5,717 million in revenue and 2,611 million and 3,106 million in q2, respectively. The prices of elevator television, elevator posters and cinema video were 4.1 per cent, 6.2 per cent and 4.1 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year.
In our view, the tightening of the budget of advertising owners as a result of the downside macroeconomics is the main reason for the fall in corporate revenue. Moreover, the cooling of the first-tier market has led some Internet-based customers to cut the ladder budget, using consumer goods on a daily basis from 2018h1 to replace the Internet as the company’s first-largest customer, with a rising share.
The client structure continues to be adjusted, while the new clients’ openings have not yet generated a significant increase in income. We expect that the pain caused by the customer restructuring will continue for some time.
ii. The slowdown in reverse expansion and repayments has led to a significant decline in net profits, a slowdown in expansion costs, a reverse expansion in media resource points, and a significant increase in the cost of media rental, equipment depreciation, labour costs and operating maintenance costs. Of this, the cost of operating the building’s media is 2,637 million yuan, or 93.6 per cent; and the cost of operating the cinema’s media is 93.6 per cent.
At $642 million, an increase of 6.9 per cent, the company has slowed down its expansion since 2019, and will focus on optimizing its current position. The lift media position has slowed considerably since the beginning of the year, with the first-line city elevator poster position falling.
Distributive media (002027): The advertising landscape remains low, corporate income and profits are double-dumped. In addition, in the first half of 2019, the repayment rate for company clients generally slowed down, the ageing structure continued to deteriorate, and the company ' s credit impairments increased its credit loss accounts for some high-risk clients during the period.
During the first half of 2019, net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $1,078 million, a decrease of 13.6 per cent over the same period. It is interesting to note that, despite falling operating income, companies benefited from sales returns, resulting in an increase of 12.2 per cent in sales of goods and cash received for the provision of services; however, as a result of the significant expansion of elevator media resources, the purchase of goods, the receipt of cash from payments for services and payments
Cash payments to employees and employees increased by 36.2 per cent and 48.5 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
1. The macroeconomic downside risks persist. If the macroeconomic downside continues, advertising budgets will be tightened further. 2. Competition in the industry increases the risk. We believe that, due to tight advertising budgets, changes in the industry ' s segmented structure are not sufficient to compensate for the decline in the media budget of the world ' s living environment, resulting from the decline in the overall plate, and short-term competition between the public and the new tides, but against the advertising master budget.
3. Other risks. These include the risk of a decline in government subsidies and tax incentives, the risk of security of elevator screens, etc. Divisional media (002027): advertising is still low, company revenues and profits are double-difficult, distributed media (002027); Reverse expansion puts short-term profits under pressure and focuses on changes in company margins.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report