Corporate value and performance fluctuations: 2019-cent annual report ratings Jang Qiang Wei ' s performance met expectations and 3-quarter performance remained under pressure: companies achieved revenue in the first half of 2019
Of this amount, the building media camp fell from $5,867 million in the first half of 2018 (a slight difference from last year's semi-annual report, possibly with the effect of reclassification) by 19.9 per cent to $4,698 million, the cinema media company q2 achieved $3,106 million, a 25.2 per cent decline in the same year, and the net profit of the mother was $438 million.
▪ The growth in the budgets of traditional advertisers is not equal to the reduction in the new economic inputs and the improvement in the corporate client structure: the corresponding decline in the number of Internet clients by 1,648 million, 56.56 per cent, representing a decrease of 118.31 per cent in corporate revenues, and a decrease in the willingness of new economic advertisers to invest.
This is the main reason for the decline in corporate revenue. But traditional industry advertisers, who account for the bulk of the company’s revenues, have still achieved 4,451 million, an increase of 6.08 per cent in the same year. The overall share of revenue has been reduced by a negative return from last year’s payments, which has caused the company to increase its bad debt readiness and may result in an optimized customer structure that could delay the company’s performance.
Part of the bad debt bounces: since last three quarters, clients have generally slowed back payments, resulting in companies not necessarily becoming bad debts, and we have seen changes in the company ' s customer structure, a stable traditional ratio of advertising owners has increased, and companies have eased their credit terms.
The company will recover some of the asset impairment losses that it had previously accounted for.1 Divisional Media: The second quarter continues to be depressed, the company ' s Māori ratio is already at the bottom of the spectrum, and there is little room for going down: the company ' s Māori ratio is maintained year after year
The strategy is similar to the current one: first, the economic environment is very low; second, the crowds are on the move.
The number of screens increased by 65.5 per cent and 50 per cent in 2007 and 08 respectively, while the number of screens increased by 75.7 per cent in 18 years, and in 2009 the economic situation was even worse.
3. The Media Division: The rate of Māori fell to 36.7 per cent for the segment, and the company experienced 36.5 per cent in the first quarter of this year, with a high degree of flexibility in its performance compared to the current 732, based on its highly leveraged nature.
A billion market prices, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. A billion, a 76.76 per cent decline in the same year. Of this, the building’s media collection fell from $5,867 million in the first half of 2018 (a slight difference from last half-year’s report’s disclosure, possibly the impact of reclassification) to $4,698 million, with cinema’s media revenues coming from the same source.
Over the past four quarters, firms have inherited cost expansion, economic downturns and the combination of the two, and the impact of the current cost expansion has been fully demonstrated, but the impact of the macro-environment continues, based on three-quarter performance guidelines.
The impact of the cost expansion has been fully reflected in the massive expansion of the screen since the second quarter of last year, the cessation of the expansion strategy since this year, and the impact of the increased size of the screen on operating costs (mainly rent, depreciation, staff remuneration) has been fully reflected in the quarterly statements.
It can be seen that the cost of the two quarters has not changed significantly from the one quarter. The impact of the macro-environment is still ongoing, with three quarters expected to increase by $300 million due to cost rigidity, with a net profit of $1,463 million over the same period last year and a pre-tax gain.
The difference between the pre-tax profits of $1,752 million and $614-98.9 million can be seen as a reduction in income, while the investor's question for the third quarter is that gdp does not seem to be very volatile, while the bulk of revenue falls by more than 20 points.
This is largely determined by the nature of brand advertising, which is the first budget to be cut off when the economy is depressed, and which will increase rapidly when the economy improves. We also find that the cyclical turning points for splits are generally lagging behind the gdp about a quarter (2007q3, 2009q2, 2007q2).
Client structure: The growth in the budgets of traditional advertisers has not been commensurate with the contraction of new economic inputs, and companies, in terms of their client structure, have experienced a decrease of 1,648 million, or 56.56 per cent, in the same year, representing a decrease of 118.31 per cent in corporate revenues, and a reduction in the size of market financing at the first level since the second half of last year, leading to a reduction in the size of the new economy advertising.
The decline in willingness to invest is the main reason for the decline in corporate revenue. But traditional advertisers, who account for the bulk of the company’s revenues, have still achieved 4,451 million, an increase of 6.08% over the same period, a rapid increase from 59.01% in the same period last year to 77.85%. Given the relative stability of the advertising expenditures of traditional advertisers, the company’s collection structure has been achieved.
Corporate clients adjusted to the “Internet” section, and the comparative figures for the same period of the previous year were adjusted to the new industry classification. Unsatisfactory repayments led to companies preparing to delay their performance, and client structures were optimized, which could result in a partial recovery of bad debts.
Since the third quarter of last year, the general slowdown in client returns has led to a deterioration of the company’s ageing structure and an increase in credit risk, mainly due to an increase in credit loss for some high-risk clients. We see that the book value of corporate receivables is due to the deterioration of the company’s ageing structure and the expected increase in credit loss rates, resulting in an increase in the value of corporate receivables.
Due to changes in the company ' s customer structure, the increase in the share of business-stable traditional advertising owners has also led to a relaxation of the company ' s credit terms, resulting in a natural extension of the repayment period, and an increase in the accounting policy. Thus, apart from cases in which gold profits, windstorms, etc., are almost impossible to return due to economic problems, the company ' s bad-account preparation is influenced by the client structure and does not mean that it is not.
With the return of traditional advertisers, the company is likely to run back 43.87% of the previous payments, and the cinema media ' s Māori rate of 34.6% is significantly lower than the previous level. But, according to our historical breakdown, the Māori rate is now at the bottom of the spectrum.
From year to year, it has been in a volatile region (figure 3 includes the years missing from the quarterly data) and in figure 2: the Māori rate in the building media is stable and the media is relatively small and has a high Māori level, thus having a weak impact on the overall Māori rate.
Figure 3: Change in the Māori population in relation to expansion of screen numbers 2 times in the history of the Māori population in 2009 and 2019 alone, and a study of the situation in 2009 is very important to guide the current situation of the corporate sector, since 2009 and 2019, regardless of the macroeconomic environment, are also the years 2009 and 2019.
The corporate development strategy is similar: first, the economic environment is very low, and it was even more so in 1999; second, the crowds expanded on a large scale, with 65.5 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively, in 2007 and 08, according to figure 3, while the 18-year screens grew by 75.7 per cent.
The financial crisis of 08 had a significant negative impact on domestic macroeconomics, with a sharp decline in the number of publications, resulting in a 20.5 per cent decline in income levels in 09, the first time that the Māori rate had collapsed due to cost rigidity (and impairment), and the Māori rate had fallen to the bottom level of 36.7 per cent in that year. Prior to the deterioration of the economic environment, there had been a significant expansion in the population and the economy.
After a severe blow to the company’s operations, the company had to shrink and devalue some of its screen assets, so at the end of 2009 the number of screens of the company’s buildings fell by 13.5 per cent compared to 08, which was the result of a rapid return to the company’s publishing and Maori rates only after the economy had warmed back.
At present, companies are facing both economic downturns and over-exploitation. The housing media Māori rate has also broken down, with a current Māori rate of 42.01%, but the growth rate of the gdp in '08 has fallen by nearly 5 percentage points, which is worse than the current economic situation, so that there is very little room for continued decline in coverage, so Māori rates have fallen.
On the basis of the above analysis, we can measure the company’s performance and estimate a base price by dcf for the group. The key assumptions and basis of the calculation are as follows:
The Māori rate of the company's media will be restored to the steady zone, and since the addition of new spots is temporarily compared to the original, and after the company's expansion, the increase in the publishing rate will push up the single screen revenue, which we assume will only return to the level of 2018. With the screen just installed in 2018, the screen is far from being used.
(b) The discount rate was 10.8 per cent, based on the capm model;
The media’s share of the budget, and therefore the growth of future long-term revenues is low at 3%. Based on these findings, we calculate the profitability of corporate income as follows: The valuation results, measured under conservative assumptions, can be used as a basis for judging between the bottom valuation areas of the company.
As a result of the highly leveraged nature of companies, the volatility of their performance is significantly associated with macroeconomics and more volatile, and once the economy warms, the company’s listing rate will increase significantly, and the level of profitability will rise rapidly, probably not like the model’s hyperpredicted macroeconomic volatility, increased competition, unfavourable repayments, and subsidence of low-line cities.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board