Quality projects help companies grow over the long term – Quanhua Chemistry (600309.sh) issued three-quarterly reports in 2019. The net profit from the company's first three quarters was 48.540 billion.
On October 30, 2019, Cao Xute, Shaolin Liu.
The main factors are the decline in the price of the main product. The ratio of mdi products to corporate receipts is over 35%, Māori accounts for the average price of HFA q3, 6504/t, ring + 8.2%, polymer mdi-pentine q3, ring ~568/t or 15.2%, and petrochemical product series prices and prices are mostly different.
The operating cash flow strongly supports the company’s project. The net cash flow generated by the company’s q3 operation is the height of the installation of the $17 billion q3 Ethylene project.
There are more projects under construction, and the largest one is currently under construction for 1 million tons of propane fission ethylene, in addition to smoke stations and mdi modifications in the Ningpo Park area.
The mdi package adaptation, pc, etc., optimized configuration of the company’s product lines and continuous improvement will help the company develop in all three areas in the future.
R & D, technology transformation capabilities are prominent: research and development professionals have autonomous technology in high-end chemicals such as thousands, mdi, tdi, hdi, ipti, hmdi, posm, pc, mma, pmma, sap, etc.
The key product mdi has the highest global capacity (25 per cent, 2.1 million tons, nearly 90 per cent of the global cr.).
It is continuously extended (polyurethane-mdi-epoxypropane/lower photogas-downstream-propene-ethylene) to achieve final product excellence, supply of raw materials to each other, and efficient by-product use.
The increase in the value added of raw materials such as benzene, propane, and original salt to final products is the regionalization and integration of chemical parks The extension of the ethylene industrial chain: the use of propane fission processes, the easy availability of raw materials, the advantage of fully leveraged companies in the lpg trough and hole storage, downstream products, ethylene ethylene vinyl ethylene vinyl vinyl-consumption by-products of pvc, and renewables
The domestic self-sufficiency of the product eo,pe, which is needed for downstream companies, is still insufficient; in addition to producing pp, acrylic can be used flexibly for the production of products such as mma, sap, aaa/ae, butocnool, and the productive chains that are rich downstream in acrylic production can help them to take full advantage of their innovation. The pace of integration is deepening further.
The strategic, R & D, management, production and other advantages of the company will continue to drive the company to upgrade in its expansion, boost the research assistant profile Liu Shaqiang, Xian Transport University Pharmacology Engineering, Tianjin University, Master of Chemical Engineering, formerly employed in China Ball Engineering Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.