Performance meets expectations, diversified development improves competitiveness  3-quarter performances meet expectations and mdi cycle lags behind performance: companies publish performance reports for the first three quarters, compared with the incorporation of HDRO-adjusted data, and companies achieved business gains during the reporting period
The fall of 34.82%. Despite a marked rebound in the price of petrochemical products in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, prices of products have fallen significantly over the same period, mainly because of the fall in prices of major products and the increase in export costs as a result of trade friction between the United States and the United States, in the context of the slowdown in global economic development.
▪ Acquisition of Swedish International Chemical Industries and Fujian Cornel to further improve integrated competitiveness: In July of this year, the company announced that its wholly-owned offshore company, Huanhua Chemical (Hungary) Holdings Ltd., had acquired Gji Lin City Cornel Investment Group Ltd. and Euro-American Energy Technology Ltd.
On August 25, the company signed an agreement for the transfer of shares with Cornell Chemical, which transferred 51% of the shares it held to the company at RMB zero.
The acquisition was not only effective in preventing mdi production, considering that Swedish international chemicals have related technology such as mdi, tdi, hydrogen peroxide, and biochemicals, and that the 400,000 tonnes/year mdi project in Fujian Cornell has been approved by the Development and Rehabilitation Board of Fujian Province.
The diffusion of technology has also enabled the company to have a production base in Fujian, leading to further progress in the development of new petrochemicals and materials projects, and the future of diversification: the company's 1 million tons/year Polyurethane Industrial Chain Integration - Ethylene Project has begun its full-scale construction.
The project is now well under way. The project is accompanied by 400,000 tonnes/year pvc, 450,000 tonnes/year, as expected, and the chemical giants can grow in the future.
Ten thousand tonnes/year po/sm, 50,000 tonnes/year butadiene, etc. As the project continues, the company’s diversified layout and industry chain packages will be refined to form polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemistry, Volcanochemicals (60309): mdi
Three major clusters of goods and new materials, which greatly enhance product competitiveness and corporate resilience, have a downward cycle that drags off performance, patiently waits for beauty, and the world continues to advance.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to earn business income for 2019-2021, respectively.