The price of the chemical mdi has remained stable at wanhua Chemical (600309) and the Ethylene II project continues to extend the industrial chain to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: company announcement that starting in January 2020, the company’s China-based polymer mdi distribution market was listed at $13500 per ton (a downward adjustment of $3,000 per ton) and the direct sales market was listed at $14,000 per ton (a ton in January). We believe that the company’s January listing price is largely in line with current market prices.
Together, it is now low-season demand, so the billboard price is in line with expectations. At the present time, the price of Van Hwapm200 in Shandong and East China has increased by 200 to about 13,200 ton, and the price of foreign capital from Shanghai is stable at about 12,600 ton. The price of pure mdi East China is down to 15,700-16,000 ton of raw materials.
On the other hand, the price of pure benzene rose slightly to $5900 per ton, the price of benzene rebounded to about $6750 per ton, Cheuk Intel calculated that the industry is now pure mdi about $3700 per ton, and the profit from polymer mdi is about $2,000 per ton left right.
$14,000 per ton, net mdi up to $18,700 per ton, and the current low downstream demand is similar to the recent reboot of the Van Hingbo stage, but the firmer price of the plant is strong, so we'll be able to judge that the summity of the mdi will rise steadily and slightly.
The central guardian of the country's mdi technology, the river, the global maintenance of market order, and control of Fujian Cornell polyurethane, further monopolized the new production capacity of the domestic mdi industry, with a total of 800,000 tons of technology being converted to 2020 by smoke stations and Ningbo.
In the next three years, the world’s share in the mdi industry will rise to over 30%, and the industry’s position in the 1 tonne ethylene project will soon be ready for production in the second half of 2020.
For the first time, a new 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene and downstream integration project will be launched, based on graphite oils, mixed butanes, producing aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products through a 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device.
Low-density polyethylene, polyolefin plastics/elastics, polypropenes, etc., as well as accompanying public works and auxiliary production facilities. With the launch of the 1 million tonnes of ethylene project in 2020, the company will start building the second stage of the ethylene project, further extending the upstream industrial chain and diversifying the abundance of downstream products.
The aim is to improve the integration of the polyurethane (PUR) industrial chain of the Mandarin Pyrotechnic Gardens, to address the needs of ethylene oxide, epoxypropanes in polyol production in industrial parks, and to consume the by-product of the ICCP industrial chain, and to promote the balanced development of the industry. In addition, the project uses the most advanced international technologies.
The process and the technology for the production of ecoxypropanes, developed autonomously by HDW, will create the country's highest-level ethylene chain, fill gaps in the domestic sphere, and break the foreign monopoly of technology. RMB and RMB 4.08 for pe 17x, 14x, and 13x, respectively, will maintain the “buy-in” rating.
2. Huanhua Chemistry (600309): The acquisition of Fujian Cornelius, which further consolidates the hard-core moat, will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.