The fall in the price of chemicals, three quarters of the year, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of performance: Companies achieved operating income of 48.540 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, a 12.5 per cent decline in the same year; Net profit on return of $7.89 billion, a 41.8 per cent decrease in the same year; yuan/tonne.
At $13196 per ton, the average price difference decreased by 66.2 per cent, while the price of petrochemical products fell by 18.9 per cent in the same year; the price of Shandong Acrylic Acid fell 15.7 per cent in the same year; the price of Shandong Butol fell by $6,423 per ton, or 18.35 per cent in the same year; and the price of Shandong Acrylic Acid was 8562 yuan per ton in the same year.
As a result, the sharp fall in the prices of the company polyurethane and petrochemical products in the three-quarters was the main reason for the sharp fall in the company’s performance in the three-quarters-year period. The acquisition of Swedish international chemical holdings further consolidated the core moat.
Industrial Holdings Ltd. signed an agreement on the transfer of shares, Cornell Chemical transferred 51% of the shares held by its target company to Manchuria at a price of zero yuan, both parties completed the transfer of shares within 30 working days from the date of the signing of the agreement, and the target company changed its name to “MenWord Chemical” after 80% of the future transfer of shares.
This M & As is part of the recent acquisition by companies of 100% equity in Swedish international chemicals. Swedish international chemicals are the only technology patenter in the world with tdi and mdi isocyanate technology that has been publicly transferred. Cornell Chemical Group successfully acquired Swedish internationalization in 2014 at a price of about $100 million.
All the shares of the workers. And the Vulcan Chemical takeover of the Swedish international chemical industry will further advance the global monopoly on icylate technology, including mdi and tdi, and the industry barriers will increase significantly.