A deep sense of the direction of the industrial structure — Huenhua Chemistry (600309.sh) The National Development Reform Commission (NDRC) published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019) on 6 November 2019.
The catalogue covers nearly 50 areas, such as petrochemicals, and its main role is to accelerate the construction of a modern economic system, promote high-quality industrial development and meet the needs of people for a better life.
Initiation. The Industrial Structural Adjustment Directory (2011 edition) (amended) was abolished at the same time.
Co-oxidation Pyropropanes (PFOs) contributes to the integrated development of polyurethane plates. 200,000 tonnes/year and above. epoxypropane devices are still in the category of incentives compared to the previous version of the catalogue, mainly because of the advanced technology of the process, the high environmental pollution of the product and chloroethanol and ecoxypropanes (the restricted type of process), as well as the main product and product.
The co-production self-sufficiency rate (85 per cent in the first nine months of Po 2019 and 74 per cent in styrene) is still to be improved. Tonnespo/sm technology (only repsol, lyondell and shell currently have the technology, repsol only transfers, and the remaining two are only considering joint ventures), and wanhua is currently under construction (one million tonnes of ethylene)
The development of the company ' s epoxy-propane process highlights, on the one hand, the Department ' s consistent R & D and technology transformation capabilities, and, on the other hand, the company ' s further development of sub-po-poly-poly-ether polyols, where the company ' s mdi product has a greater advantage, and where both products are combined.
Marketing methods and tailoring services to increase product value addition, increase the viscousness of downstream customers, and inter-product synergies between the fats are new material products that are characteristic of the company.
Hmdi, ipti, xdi, htdi, etc., of which the ratio is more than 60%, and the first three products nearly 90%. Di ' s more traditional mdi/tdi has better mechanical performance, chemical stability, and radiability, mainly for products such as water coatings, glues, sequesters, etc., at significantly higher prices than mdi products.
In addition to the company, the site was occupied by international giants such as winner, Kostov, and others. The company ' s smoke station and the Ningpo Park Hdi, Hmdi, and ipti projects continued in 2012-2017, with a combined capacity of nearly 100,000 tons. The adi product series took full advantage of the company ' s technical advantages, park synthesis gas, chlorine gas, benzidine and others.
Public support, reduced production costs, and the creation of new material plate-specific products. Biphenola provides raw material guarantees for company pc devices. The 100,000 tonnes/year and above ion exchange biphenola device is still in the category of incentives compared to the previous version of the catalogue.
At the design stage, its commissioning will provide raw materials for the company ' s capacity of 7+130,000 tons of pc and, in the future, it will also be possible to develop upstream phenol acetone and expand the raw materials to larger volumes of benzene and apropylene, both upstream and downstream.
The development of new polyamide, such as long-carbon chain nylons and anti-high-temperature nylons, is still in the category of incentives compared to production in the previous version of the catalogue. The company’s 40,000-ton nylon 12 project is in the advanced design stage.
The main raw material is butadiene, the product of the Ethylene Project, which avoids the bulk of the rubber products, and chooses to rely entirely on nylons imported from abroad12 to develop technology autonomously, reflecting the strong capacity of the company to develop and transform technology, which will grow in the field of new chemical materials.
Corporate competitive advantages are evident in combination. R & D, technology transformation capabilities are prominent; park regionalization, models of integration; and extension of the acetylene industry chain: the company ' s strategic, R & D, management, production and other advantages will continue to drive companies to upgrade in expansion and contribute to a steady recovery in their performance.
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xian Transport, University of Tianjin, formerly employed in the China Ball Engineering Company Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years of which have not been, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.