Newtimesecurities meet expectations in the third quarter.
Quarterly reports issued by companies: 48.539 billion yuan (a decline of 12.48 per cent in the first three quarters of 2018), $7.899 billion (a decline of 41.75 per cent in the second quarter of the same year), net profit & mdi prices were low in the third quarter, and company performance was in line with expectations with cost advantage
In the third quarter of 2019, the market price of mdi continued to be depressed: in July-September, the average price of pure mdi was $20,800 per ton, a decline of 32.90 per cent over the same period and a decline of 19.07 per cent over the same period; aggregate, low prices were the main reason for the decline in corporate performance, but companies, as international mdi giants, produced mdi.
In the first place globally, the “pure benzene-mdi” industrial chain is well-equipped, the pattern of mdi nests under the MSD under the integration cost advantage is strong, long-term high-profit mdi technical barriers are extremely high, and in recent years there has been a planned, but slow, entry of only Fukugi Cornel,
In August 2019, the company took the lead in acquiring 51% of its shares, controlling the company’s shareholding, building on the oligarchic profile of the mdi industry, while taking the lead on the Fujimudi project, where there is still room for expansion of its own productive capacity. The price of mdi is now at almost three years’ low, with strong willingness to shut down major production firms, and the company’s listing price appears.
• The cash flow is excellent, and the bottom of the cycle is still growing high, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. With the higher bargaining power in the industry chain, the net cash flow of companies has been super-inflowing for nearly four quarters.
16 billion dollars, well above the net profit level for the same period. With excellent operating cash flows, companies not only have been steady.
Long-term development 2019-08-20. Performance meets expectations, globalized industrial giants embark on new growth attributes, companies deserve higher valuation levels and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
"The Company as a whole is on the ground, building International One."