At the bottom, the performance of Mandarin Chemistry (600309.sh) is now waiting for the price of the product to warm and the new production capacity to release mdi, which is now running to the bottom since the second half of 18th year.
The Department’s performance is largely at the bottom. The company’s listed prices are now rising steadily, and in the short term, the company’s performance is under pressure by the same year’s decline. But, in the long run, the company’s production of mdi has been transformed through technology, phase two petrochemical projects are progressing well, fine chemicals and new materials have been released, and three lines of business are fully operational.
In the first place, future performance growth is guaranteed, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The mdi price rebounded steadily, and the technology expansion further enhanced the competitiveness of the company: in November, the company registered a net mdi price of $220/t, with a 1.4% monthly ring increase, and the aggregate mdi was listed as a direct sales price.
The low season in the industry, which has been largely from November to March of the coming year, has not seen a fall in corporate mdi's low prices, releasing positive signals, while at the same time it can be seen that the oligopolistic sector has a strong capacity to control prices and that, as the downstream market returns to production in March next year, the landscape is warming, and the price of mdi is expected to rise, adding up to the low base period.
In terms of capacity, the company plans to install 600,000 tons of smoke stations, upgrade the technology to 1.1 million tons, an increase of 83.3 per cent, and two devices, 800,000 tons and 400,000 tons, respectively, of which 800,000 tons could be upgraded by technology, an increase of 37.5 per cent.
Technology expansion is expected to be completed within the next two years. Technology expansion has resulted in an improvement in the efficiency of single set-up production and product quality, while cost-sharing for public works and depreciation of fixed equipment will decline significantly, with cost advantages that make the product more market competitive.
Chemicals, effectively addressing the proliferation of mdi technologies, raising industry entry thresholds, while companies are also receiving product combinations.
The CEP has been largely completed, waiting for the corporate whole project to be implemented, which will further consolidate the company’s polyurethane series industry and increase its market share.
The petrochemical series Fine chemicals and new chemicals are in a balanced state, superimposed with stable downstream growth demand, and mdi's profitability will improve over the long term.
The pc, Ethylene project will continue to be operational, with an increase in future performance. The company’s first 70,000-ton pc project was successfully launched in January 1818, while the second 130,000-ton pc project is under active construction and is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
The second phase of the petrochemical project, which consists mainly of 1 million tonnes/year of ethylene fission devices, 400,000 tonnes/year of pvc devices and other chemical products devices, is well under way and is expected to be completed by the end of the third quarter of 2020 and gradually release capacity.
The company continuously develops and expands products of high value-added chemicals and new materials downstream, and carries out production, such as water coatings, modified mdi, etc.
The liabilities are capped, and sound finance is the shield for ongoing construction projects: at the end of the third quarter, corporate assets were over-indebted, corporate assets were of high quality, industry was prominent, high credit ratings created lower financing costs for companies, and borrowing funds below the benchmark rate. In addition, companies were paying for them.
At the end of the three seasons, the net cash flow of the company was $13.12 billion, a 15.45 per cent decrease in comparison, mainly due to the fall in product prices.
As a result of the decline in capacity, the accumulated cash flow of companies over $16 billion over the last four quarters, and the company ' s ample cash in hand, which is 7.15 per cent more than at the end of 18 years, provides strong guarantees for successful construction of additional projects.
Performance growth is guaranteed by maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.