Time Electric's review report, 688187, igbt's building a new growth curve, track business steady, and Time Electric's semi-annual review, 2022.
Long by 23.19 per cent; net profit on mother ' s return of $871 million, an increase of 25.28 per cent over the same period; net profit on non-retroactivity on mother ' s return; significant optimization of medium- and low-pressure module delivery capacity, with a surge in semiconductor operations; revenues from the company ' s new business in the first half of the year of 22, $1.828 billion, an increase of 135.33 per cent over the same period, with orders placed
Rapidly, building a new growth curve for the company. Of this, the power plant generated 772 million yuan, corresponding to the same increase in market value in circulation (millions): the pressure module delivery capacity has increased significantly, with the application of new energy vehicles increasing by five times the same time, and the market by 10 per cent.
Bulk orders were obtained in photovoltaic applications, and the beneficial city track market broke out, and the track engineering business grew beautifully, and the company earned $4.6 billion in orbital traffic equipment in the first half of the year 22, an increase of 4.65 per cent over the same period, maintaining the whole.
Robustly. Of this amount, the track electrical equipment business earned 3,633 million yuan, a decline of 4.99 per cent, mainly for new purchases for the National Iron Motors; orbital engineering machinery benefited from a breakthrough in the city track market, which resulted in a revenue of 535 million yuan, which nearly doubled in comparison, with Nanjing, Fuzhou, Chengdu, Changchang and Xian.
Five urban circle plans have been successively approved by the state, and municipal railways will add a new boost to corporate growth.The scale effect is reflected in the cost amortization resulting from optimized profitability, increased profit margins, a 6.19 per cent sales rate, a 1.47 pct decline in comparison, and a 5.24 per cent administrative rate.
Decline of 0.21 pct, R & D rate of 10.66 per cent, 1.44 pct, financial cost rate - release first, carbonated silicon, igbt lead, promising a sustained start in the new energy sector
The company leads the 6-inch-sic production line, plans for 25,000 annual production units, 650-v-3300v coverage for sicsbd and simocsfet, product matrix abundance and maturity, and the sic module is now in the certification phase of the new energy car factory, and is expected to deliver carbonated silicon operations in the future.
Field expansion, continued delivery of wind and power modules to first-line equipment manufacturers, bulk orders for photovoltaic modules, 6gw orders for centralized + chained light reversals, and city run-off, are expected to continue in the future. The successful expansion of new energy applications provides a strong boost, and orders are expected to continue to be released at a higher rate of performance.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently, professionally and independently and objectively to present the report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.