Power-driven systems and power devices are double-wheel-drived, and new business is growing at a high rate. Shinko semiconductor 1h was up steadily in 22 years, and the net profit return was higher than 20% on a year-on-year basis. The company released a 1h22 performance forecast.
1h22 realizes a net return to the mother of $842 million (yoy+21.08 per cent) and a net profit to the late return of the mother of $607 million (yoy+23.27 per cent), despite the impact of the outbreak and supply of 2022 and the emergence of new operations, the company achieved a net gain of $395 million in the non-return to the mother of the 2022 quarter.
The new energy generation remodels the grid structure, and the company’s high-voltage power devices and parts systems are growing. The company has billions of dollars in new energy generation in the fields of photovoltaics, wind power, direct-flow grids, etc., from power devices, reverse transformers to systems. The market for photowind storage will be increased from $4.7 billion to $8.8 billion, adding to the country’s super-high pressure.
The flexible direct grid project requires 1.8 billion yuan a year for high-voltage power devices, and the company’s business in this area is growing in time. Automotive penetration has accelerated, and the company’s igbt module and power-driven system have continued to grow.
Driven by the electricization of cars, we expect the global market for new energy vehicles to increase from $9.99 billion to $31.88 billion in 21-25 years. According to data from the New Age, the company ' s supply of new energy vehicles in our country was 634,000 units (4.6%, yoy+275%) in January-June 22, ranking 6; the igbt function.
Rates of about 226,000 sets (11.2%, yoy > 500%) are in the fourth place; and there is a continuous breakthrough in domestic carbonated silicon technology and a widening of the growth space in the production layout. The company has worked deep in silicone carbon for many years, and has acquired the capacity to manufacture carbonated silicone devices and modules, in addition to carrying self-researched silicone units.
On this basis, the company has raised the existing 4-inch carbonated silicon line (10,000 per month) to 6-inch (25,000 per month) in order to further enhance the capacity of the carbonated silicon mosfet process and broaden the scope for future growth.
The rail market has grown steadily, and the company’s business base has been consolidated. In the field of orbital transport, the company has a whole industry chain layout of power-driven devices, tractors, and whole systems. It is expected that, with the acceleration of rail and urban rail construction, the market for our high-iron and motor-trailing systems will be $6.2 billion in 23 years.
In the area of orbital core power devices, companies now cover the full range of transistor tubes, igbt, and carbonated silicon modules. Investment advice: we look at the company’s leading technology and core of high-pressure gbt, carbonated silicon, etc.
Figure 2: Company net profit and increase in non-mortality during the last five years (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Company product collection structure for the last five years (%) Figure 4: Company ' s Māori share for the last five years of operations (%)
Figure 5: Companies ' combined Māori rates, net interest rates, combined cost rates for the last five years (%): Companies ' R & D inputs and their share of revenue over the last five years (billions, per cent) Orbital transport equipment: 21 years of reduced investment budgets for large clients such as the company ' s National Iron Group, resulting in orbital transport equipment production
The demand for orbital transport equipment is estimated to be $12.252 billion (Yoy-12 per cent). The total volume of orbital transport equipment for the 1q22 track is $1,771 million (Yoy+2.79 per cent), with some markets warming and other orbital transport equipment operations expected to remain relatively stable in the future. Orbital engineering operations are based on average sales measurements.
New types of equipment: to benefit from the resumption of work in overseas markets, accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles and autonomous igbt devices, bulk delivery of system orders, generating 2,572 million yuan (oy+35.31 per cent) in 21 years for new and emerging equipment products. With more than 10,000 new energy generation needs, revenue will be generated from 22-24 year power semiconductor operations.
19/5/23.2/26 billion yuan; new energy motor power, based on data from January-June system packages, is expected to grow for 22 years; industrial transformer products will increase in tandem with China ' s new energy generation capacity and are expected to grow into other operations in 22-24 years: we assume stable operations at the same level as in 21 years.
We appreciate the high growth potential of companies in power generation and automobile operations in new energy sources, leading technology in high-pressure power igbt, sic, and advanced manufacturing capacity in core equipment such as power-driven, inverted, transversal, orthopaedic equipment. We expect authors to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author