The igbt sword refers to the global market, the massive expansion of production to secure new energy supplies 28/09/2022.
According to the company announcement, the company’s igbt module has recently passed a series of reviews by the Faleo Group and obtained a targeted breakthrough, with an expected vehicle in the Renault vehicle.
In this case, the forecast project began production in 2023, with a total delivery expected to exceed 2.5 million. As a domestic vehicle, the company takes the lead in the sea with the igbt, which means not only that the company's product has the strength of a foreign leader, such as the British flyer, but, more importantly, that Renault's endorsement is expected to help the company to make a further breakthrough abroad.
The company will also use its own \triangleright.
And self-financing to build new production lines for power plants, with a total investment of about 11.19 billion yuan, with an investment of about $5,826 million in the Ideas project and $5,293 million in the Cactus project. The projected 24-month construction cycle will allow at least 60,000 new units/month capacity, of which 30,000 additional units/month in the Ideas project (capital and public facilities) will be added.
60,000 units/month capacity) for new energy vehicles; 30,000 new units/month capacity for new energy generation and engineering and domestic electricity for the project.
Previously, the company had a low-pressure and high-pressure capacity of 30,000 units per month, and if the new project had reached the postnatal stage, it could have achieved a total capacity of 90,000 units per month, leaving further room for expansion. Taking into account the company’s current preponderance in cars, wind power, igbt, and its active luminous igbt module, the release of new energy would help the company to take advantage of the new energy sources in the country.
The company’s new equipment business \triangleright 1. Time Electric (688187.sh) reported in mid-2022:
It's also strong, with power-driven operations, and, according to data from the system installed in July of the ne era, the company has moved into the first four, igbt and other new equipment surges, and in August, the company announced a joint venture with one of its own, bringing more of its products to the future.
Potential. Industrial reflux business, where companies actively exploit photovoltaic converters and wind currents products, with q2 performance ratings: q2 performance meets expectations, new energy dynamics data, corporate aggregate concentration 1.1gw in the domestic market in the first half of the year, chain 5.42gw, possession
The rate continues to rank first in June and July; recently, the first high-power ibt hydrogen power supply order in the country has been certified with Long 3-era Electric (68817.sh) in the first quarter of 2022, and several large projects in the country and abroad are being communicated closely.
q1 has outperformed expectations, and new equipment operations have performed well, leading to high demand for vehicles and light wind power. 25 new production lines have been put in place in 22 years, with an additional production capacity of about 100-4. Time Electric (688187.sh) is reported in 2021:
Expansion, currently validated by mainstream in-country vehicles. Tracker equipment is ready to bounce, gbt, new equipment continues to be released \triangleright
Review: q4 performance meets expectations, igbt, new equipment discharges, power drives, sensors, etc. are active in new equipment areas, opening up new engines for growth. Maintenance of the `recommended' rating, i.e., 2022/02/28
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.