The power-driven igbt module has been targeted by the Faleo, and the expansion of production power provides the power for growth.
On September 23, the company issued an announcement: (1) the company's controlling subsidiary, the Mid-Car Age semiconductor, will serve as an electrical power-drive item for the Faleo Group.
The power-driven system project will start with a vehicle type in Renault, with the company predicting a four-year life cycle, starting with production in 2023, with a total delivery expected to exceed 2.5 million. (2) The company's subsidiary, the Mid-Low Power Device Industrialization Project, is expected to last 24 months, with a total investment of about 11.12 billion yuan.
Low-pressure component base material in the field of new energy cars, corresponding to 8 inch annual production capacity of 360,000 tablets/years (which could be extended to 720,000 tablets/years); and the Cactus project, which focuses mainly on new energy generation and industrial controls, low-pressure component base materials in the field of domestic electricity, corresponding to 8 inch production capacity of 360,000 tablets/years (which could be extended to 720,000 Nintendo e-views): 1) the company has been officially identified for this time by the gbt module of the Fareo power-driven system project, whose products have been endorsed by international head customers.
Global expansion based on the nationalization of the igbt module to further expand the scope for future development; 2) The current market demand for low-pressure components such as new energy generation and automobiles is strong and the company has a market share in the igbt device and the new energy vehicle power drive system, the photovoltaic reverse transformer, which is not sufficient to cover long-term market demand, and the current expansion of low- and medium-pressure power units will guarantee that companies will consolidate their headhold advantages.
The company’s products have been endorsed by international head-clients, the future development space has been expanded to a global scale by more than 10% of the domestic market for the company’s car igbt module, and international customers have expanded their future growth space. According to Ne-age data, 1h22 is home-grown.
The new energy vehicle, the Igbt power module, is carrying some 226,000 sets (11.2%), and in July it was carrying about 55,000 units per month, up to 13% of the city, with many brands in the country, including the following: the clientele, Ideas, Changan, Bo-chung, East Wind, Si-chung, Eyan, Tung Fung, Kai-chung, Jun-yun, Fu-kang. On this basis, the company became the official supplier of the gbt module of an electric power-driven system project of the Faleo Group.
According to the announcement, the project began in 2023 with production volume, with a total delivery expected to exceed 2.5 million, and will result in a rapid growth of vehicle power devices in the future. With the rapid growth of new energy generation and new energy vehicle demand, production will expand the competitive edge of a solid market.
The company’s 1h22 low-pressure device is growing fast and its capacity is expanding in due course. The company’s 1h22 power semiconductor is generating 772 million yuan (yoy+106.6%), its medium- and low-pressure module delivery capacity has been significantly enhanced, its new energy vehicle device delivery has increased by more than five times the same time, its wind and power modules are being delivered to first-line equipment manufacturers on a continuous basis, the city’s share is rising, and its photovoltaic module is receiving bulk orders as the number of agreed points in future automobile factories and abroad increases.
The new energy generation business will continue to rise, and the company’s low-pressure power plant will continue to grow, while the current second-stage 8-inch chip line is gradually approaching the design capacity of 240,000 tablets per year, so this expansion will provide assurance that the company’s capacity will match long-term market demand. New-energy cars and new-energy power generation markets are high, with the expected increase to $8.8 billion in 25 years in the global solar storage market and an increase in automobiles.
To 31,888 million yuan. Based on the volume of global light-wind storage machines and the volume of new energy vehicles sold, we estimate that the global market for light-winding gbt will increase from $4.7 billion to $8.8 billion in 21-25 years, and the Chinese market for light-winding gbt will increase from 1.9 billion to 3.3 billion yuan in 21-25 years; the company ' s new energy-driven car-driven and light-voltaic-reverse transformer operations will grow rapidly and will boost medium- and low-pressure devices in the future. The company ' s 1h22 new energy source will grow rapidly.
In addition, the company's photovoltaic reverse transformer 1h22 cumulatively delivered more than 10gw, the country's middle standard 1.1gw, the cluster 5.42gw, and the city's number one in July and August.
The company’s low-pressure device business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Investment advice: we look at the company’s advanced manufacturing capabilities in the leading technology and core equipment of the power plant, maintain a “buy-in” rating, take into account the rapid expansion of the company’s igbt products from new energy vehicles and new energy sources, and the upgrading of chip manufacturing capabilities, which will reach the product levels in the future.
(a) The Ibgt module, which is based on the author's professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions, is based on the following:
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author