On 21 July, Time Electric released its mid-2022 performance forecast, and the company expects to realize a net profit of $842 million for the mother in 2022, an increase of 21.08 per cent over the previous year; and a net profit of $607 million for the non-purchasing, an increase over the same period.
In the first half of \triangleright, despite the disruption of the epidemic, the company has performed well, largely thanks to the power of the new equipment business.
At the same time, there has been a certain increase in the company’s transhipment operations. The igbt, sic production lines have been climbing steadily, and the client side has made a steady breakthrough.
\triangleright energy vehicle sales are under repair, and companies are the first to move ahead with brands above a-class cars like BMW, Ideas, and Ping. At the same time, companies have increased the commercialization of sic, and announced an investment of $462 million to expand carbonization.
Silicon capacity, project construction period of two years, expected to rise from 4.10 million to 6.25 million pieces per year, while technological strength is raised from a flat fence sicmofet chip to a gutter sicmofet.
Carigbt's client accumulation and sic technology and production lead cards are also expected to be available in the field of sic. S010122010028, new equipment operations such as electric power drive, have continued to function.
With 6.34 million units, an increase of 275.4 per cent over the same period, the competitiveness of the industry is more evident in the scarcity of supply, thanks to a combination of industry-wide research and development (R & D), such as corporate igbt, sensors, electro-controls, electro-electrics, power generation, etc., as well as large-scale manufacturing capacity. The company ' s customers cover the conglomerates (where), one gas, long-term security, etc., and are the core beneficiaries of electricization.
Time Electric (688187.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2022, while industrial transformation products such as company sensors, photovoltaics and so forth are also growing at a high rate and are expected to take over the entire year: q1 has performed well beyond expectations and new equipment has performed well.
The track business is rebounding, and the city and the subway are growing.
But the current demand for large iron continues to improve, as domestic subway operations and overseas European projects begin.
3. Time Electric (688187.sh) was quick to report performance in 2021, and the company ' s track business is rebounding noticeably and is expected to grow more rapidly in the coming year.
\triangleright, 2022/02/28 times the amount of money available to the company as the leader of the domestic rail-trading system. Currently, the company is moving towards new sources of energy.
Time Electric (688187), in-depth research: The track electrical igbt and power-driven business extensions, with strong technological advantages and a productive base, will open up new performance growth points.
\triangleright Business progresses below the expected risk. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.