Long-power technology (600584.sh) in 2019 turned out to be a surplus, with 20q1 being the basis for year-round growth, with a gain of $0.06 per share of net profit. The company achieved $7.33 billion in operating income in the fourth quarter, a year-on-year increase.
27.0 per cent long, with net profits of 270 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of listed companies at the same rate. In 2019, the profit distribution plan was to discover the undiscovered dividends, no red shares, and no capital fund transfers. In the first quarter of 2020, the performance was over-expected, with operating income rising by 26.4 per cent to $5.71 billion, and the Māori rate increased by 5.0 per cent.
Quite a few years ago, the growth path was followed in the second half of 2019, with a year-round increase in the Māori rate: 23.53 billion yuan in sales in 2019, roughly equal to the year-on-year, followed by the trade friction and semiconductor industry cycles in 2019, with a lower and higher trend, higher capacity utilization after q3 and a positive increase in revenue, with a small annual level of income.
Income continued to grow in the first quarter of 2020, with a sharp increase in orders following the integration of Starling Kimbing. The Māori rate remained almost equal in 2019, but the q1~q4 rate rose seasonally as the industry as a whole improved, while the Māori 20q1 ratio remained significant in terms of efficiency gains and net profits were reversed; the company ' s net return to the mother was 88.663 million in 2019.
The profit from the same gain was mainly due to reduced financial costs, reduced impairment of assets such as goodwill, and increased proceeds from asset disposal. Sales costs, administrative costs and financial cost rates decreased to varying degrees in 2019, corporate control gains were significant, R & D inputs continued to increase, and R & D costs increased by 0.4 percentage points to 4.1 per cent over the same period.
In the first quarter of 2020, performance was higher than expected, resulting in a net return of 130 million yuan and a significant loss. Chai Qingyan focused on the country’s production needs, consolidating the dominant advantage: the company’s business goal of 2020 was to achieve business income of 21.93 billion.
In 2019, the company continued to increase its R & D investment, mainly in the form of an increase in research and development.
Focusing on 5g, artificial intelligence, hpc, and automobile applications will continue to strengthen research and development in emerging markets in the future, laying the foundation for companies to open up their customers. It is expected that the performance of Starling Kimbon will improve considerably in 2020, that new management teams will become more efficient and that corporate osat leaders will be consolidated.
Long electricity technology: steady growth in the first half of the year, improved profitability, long electricity technology: integration begins to yield results, future profitability increases Long electricity technology: market prospects continue to improve and synergies are consolidated
Long-term electricity technology: performance improvement in the medium term is sustained, and the integration of long-duration technology is advanced.
The company's sales revenue fell by 1.4 per cent in 2019 to $23.53 billion in the same year, the Māori rate decreased by 0.2 percentage points in the same year to 11.2 per cent, the parent company's net profit was $886.63 million, and the same profit was lost, with a net profit of $0.06 per share.
Half-yearly, as the industry warms up, the year's income is almost equal and profits are lost. (i) The year's income is flat and net profits are reversed.
The weekly impact, the industrial volatility, the previous low and high trend, the company ' s year-round income was largely flat, profits were reversed, mainly due to reduced impairment losses on assets such as treasury fees, goodwill and increased asset disposal earnings. The company ' s year-on-year Māori rate fell by 0.2 percentage points to 11.2 per cent over the year 2019, and the operating and net profit rates were net gains.
With 1.0 percentage points of 1.1 per cent, 4.4 per cent and 3.7 per cent, the efficiency gains in corporate control were better, but research and development inputs were maintained, with 48, 44 and 77 days of corporate accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable, respectively, stable and efficient. Roe and Roa were 0.8 and 0.3 per cent, respectively, in 2019, with a return of 0.8 and 0.3 per cent with performance.
In terms of cash flows, the net operating cash flow of the company increased by 26.6 per cent in 2019 year-on-year and the operating cash flow was healthy. (ii) The income and the Maori ratio increased significantly in the fourth quarter of 2019.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the industry was in the process of recovering, with corporate income growing, while net profits were negative as a result of year-end asset impairments. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio increased significantly by 4.2 percentage points to 12.8 per cent, operating profit rates and net profits.
The rates were 7.0 per cent and 3.9 per cent, respectively, and the company ' s Māori rate increased quarterly in 2019, thanks to an overall recovery in the industry. The efficiency of the operation was improved on the cost side by 0.9, 1.5, 1.7 and 4.2 percentage points of 0.9, 3.1, 5.4 and 2.9 per cent, respectively, in sales, management, research and development and financial costs.
(iii) The company disclosed its performance report for the first quarter of 2020, which showed an increase of 26.4 per cent in operating income of $5.71 billion in the same year, a Māori rate of $10 million and a net return profit of $110 million after deduction, with a loss of $170 million during the same period last year, exceeding market expectations.
(iv) Future development strategies and business plans: the 2020 harvest target of $21.93 billion. The company will in the future consolidate China’s largest integrated circuit finished manufacturing enterprise, focusing on the domestic production needs of chips.
By 2020, while the challenges and opportunities will coexist, the company will be active in opening the market and will strive to achieve business income of $21.93 billion, an increase of 9 per cent over the previous year’s revenue of the same calibre. To achieve its objectives, the company will focus on the following:
(a) Harmonizing client strategies to enhance client value and product quality: further collating core products, focused customer resources, streamlining marketing structures, consolidating resources, centralizing management and establishing differentiated distribution services systems, fine-tuning client plans to provide precision value services; improving cost structures and production efficiency, and enhancing corporate profitability: increasing intra-firm resource integration and leveraging inefficient assets;
Group certification and procurement of large core materials, tools, and accelerated national production substitution; strict control of costs and expenditure to improve production efficiency; improved financing structure, faster liquidity and lower financial costs; optimized investment management and improved utilization of funds: companies set up headquarters investment committees, improved investment guidelines and pre-investment projects
In terms of business income, the traditional encapsulations such as the Gang Yinjiang Division, Chenzhou, and the Hoover will continue to grow steadily.
Long: long power upswings at more than 10%; Starfleet is expected to reach 20% by 2020 as orders are released at a higher rate; long power Korea is steadily expanding as consumer electronic terminals expand. On the Māori scale, sealing operations are returning to normal with industrial cycles, capacity utilization is returning, and the Māori rate remains stable and small.
In terms of costs, the company’s new management team has joined and its efficiency has increased, and the cost rate will continue to decline steadily over time. The epidemic affects the need for intelligent endpoints less than expected; and advanced process production capacity does not expand as expected.
Industrial competition leads to changes in product prices.