Medical Dragon Head sign, flying by industry — Emerica Deep Report (300896.sz) 19 October 2020
The company was established in 2004 as a front-loader of sodium-transparent acid products. The company is a front-loader of sodium-transparent acid products in the country (300896.sz) with high-level, long-acting resistance to sodium-injection-transparent acid products that have been restored to the neck.
"Bonida" is a bad product that injects sodium-transparent acid products, "Effie", "Amerife" and "America Plus One" for facial-laying products; as of 2019, companies made up 10.1 per cent of the country's goods by segmenting the market, with net profit from the mother at $310 million and a compound increase of 61 per cent in 2014-2019; and at the same time, they are well-profited and received net assets in 2019.
The American-American industry is now in the early days of the sun, with top suppliers and industry regulation benefiting from optimal patterns. In 2019, the market of the medical beauty industry was more than $150 billion, and in 2014-2019 it was 24 per cent more complex; the injection-type projects accounted for 21 per cent and 26 per cent more.
In 2018, the penetration rate was only 1.48% in China, 2.7% in Japan, 5.2% in Korea, 8.6% in the developed markets for medical beauty, and technology-driven projects, as well as new consumers ' research assistants in Li Xing.
On the industrial chain, upstream producers have more rigorous processes and better access to the market, and the future will be accompanied by tighter regulations, with formal producers expected to squeeze water, fake markets, and optimize patterns. On the one hand, the power of R & D innovation and the fine management of end-products are two-fold advantages.
There are four high-quality certified technologies and 20 patents for inventions, and the number, abundance and speed of products that are certified in the three categories of medical devices are competitive and highly market-sensitive. On the other hand, companies focus on marketing teams, focusing on direct marketing, strengthening institutional promotion and maintenance, fine-tuning the operation of marketed products, reducing price disruptions (Evé, Hi, Bonida) and the lack of institutional use.
In addition, corporate incentives are good, core technicians and sales cadres hold shares through the employee holding platform, and employees are well paid to compete. The existing product lines are fast-paced and long-term, depending on their differences, and the stock of the project is abundant to break the growth ceiling.
In the next three years, we'll be able to expand our production base, with Effrey, Hive, Yumei projected for 2023.
Disaggregated, including projects such as the sodium modifier polycyclic acid translucency acid (Long-effect Filling product, obtained fda certification overseas), the cindasecuritiesco., ltd Intratoxic Toxics Project (Lind Face Project), the Injection Reorganization Protein Project (Lift Reduction Project) and others, which can break future growth
For the first time, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, in comparable companies, was covered, with an increased rating, taking into account the company’s high-growth track and rich project reserves. The share-price catalyst: the existing product-line end-markets, such as Effie, and Hirsch, responded better than expected; and the development of the reserve project advanced more than expected.
Risk factors: The end demand for sodium injectable transparent acid products is not as high as expected; projects such as botulinum toxins, polylectic acid for medical use are not progressing as expected; downstream clients are at risk of damaging the image of products such as corporate products by irregular use.
The company was founded in June 2004 as Beijing’s elite biotech company. Sodium products such as “Effie”, “Emi Fai”, “Ewe” and “Ei Mi” and “Ei Mi + 1” and facial wire products are now sold. As of 2019, the sales of both products under the company’s flag, “Hi,” and “Ei Fook,” stood at 83 per cent.
In September 2020, the company’s business boards were put on the market, with 25% of the shares distributed, and the main use of the funds for investment was divided into three main categories: 1) existing business capacity building; 2) new business research and development projects, including injection funds to restructure proteins, injections of a type of botox, gene restructuring, protein research and development bases, deoxychocetic drugs, etc. 3) upgrading of company marketing management capacity projects, including marketing networks, smart industry management platforms, and others.
The share held by the physically controlling person and by the executive team is high, with sufficient motivation on the part of the employees. The share held by the actual controlling person, Ms. Jang Jun, before the company went on the market was 50.75%, the share held by Mr. Sze Yi Feng was 16.52%, and the share held by the company was 8.00%; at the same time, the stock held platform of the company’s employees informed the march and the client-to-person investment was 6.41% and 4.28%, respectively, of the company’s shares and the employee’s incentives were adequate.
Table 3: Corporate core executive fundamentals High growth in income performance, highroe, strong cash creativity 49 per cent annual compound increase, net profit from mothers of $310 million in 2019 and 61 per cent compound increase from 2014 to 2019, benefiting from the company ' s more dynamic products and higher lines
In terms of profitability, the firm ' s net return interest rate in 2019 was 54.8 per cent, the highest in the last five years, mainly because: (1) the company experienced a slowdown in the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year, recovered better since April, and the net return profit in the first three quarters is expected to increase by 18-27 per cent. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a net return profit of 100 million yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 36.5 per cent.
At the same time, Māori structural optimization and the effect of the rate scale during the period continue to reflect better profits than at the end of income. The company’s cash flow is good and self-breeding is strong. As of 2020h1, the sum of corporate money and traded financial assets was $596 million, and the net cash flow and net profit share of economic activity exceeded 1 in 2015-2019, with a strong self-breeding capacity, reflecting the company’s strong position in the industrial chain.
Thanks to increased profitability and liquidity efficiency, the net asset return rate rose to 58% in 2019. Companies have risen steadily in recent years, reaching 58% by 2019.
Discreparate distribution of translucent sodium sodium sodium sodium acid products, dominated by camping, where scale effects are justified 1) Different distribution of sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium in the country is the only product in the country that has been repaired for neck strips and is in high growth stage 1) Different distribution of sodium sodium sodium injectable acid
Hives, the only transparent sodium acid injection material in the current market that is certified as medical device 3, was approved and marketed in December 2016. The main raw materials of the product are injections of sodium transparent acid, vitamins, amino acid, l-myocardium, adjusted for ph values and permeation pressure, mixing, filtering, fungi-free cans, sealed products, which can be effectively repaired.
In 2019, high sales rose by 240 million yuan, representing an increase of 224 per cent, or 44 per cent of the company’s income, and contributed the largest product in revenue. Of this amount, 690,000 were sold in 2019, representing an increase of 119 per cent, which is still in rapid release; in 2019, the cost of 24.7 dollars per cent per head of the price system, with a compound increase of -8 per cent since its launch, showed a stronger scale effect; and in 2019, high output unit prices were $352.
Figure 8: Change in income and share of high-growth sales, Figure 9: Growth and change in volume of high-rise sales
Effrey is the first country to inject a sodium hydrochloride with a sodium hydrochloride product into a steady growth period. Effrey is a national first sodium hydrochloric acid injection material certified with three types of medical devices in April 2015. The product is a combination of bdde, a combination of solid liquid gradient trans-trading techniques to form a sodium acid condensate in a modified form, injected into the middle-to-deep layer and applied to facial fillings and subsurface fine-cutting.
In 2019, the company launched Emife, with a product specification of 0.75 ml, which enriches the product line by injecting large molecules with transparent sodium hydrochloride materials. Effrey was able to keep prices stable during a steady period of growth. Effrey’s sales revenue increased by $220 million in 2019, or 15 per cent, or 39 per cent, to the company’s second largest product type. In 2019, the volume of sales was 705,000 products, or 11 per cent more, with the product’s life cycle matured and the price system slowing down.
In 2019, the Effrey unit cost was $30.4 per cent, with an average annual compound increase of -17% since its introduction, showing a stronger scale effect; in 2019, the Effrey unit exit cost was $310.8, with an average annual compound increase of -4.1% since its launch, maintaining relatively stable prices and showing greater competitiveness in the context of intense market competition. Effrey is the most competitive product of the same race, contributing to the rapid growth of competitive brands.
Four families, one in China, one in Korea, one in Korea, one in China, one in China, one in China, one in China, one in China, one in China, one in China, and another in South Korea, Humedix, competed in a relatively level playing field. The price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of Effrey 1ml and the price of the product of the 0.75 ml flying between the grids is $498-1680, the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of 2,000, compared to the lowest price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price, which is to the value of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price, which is to the value of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price, which is equals, which is 498 to the price of the price, the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price, which is less, which is equals, which is equals, which is equal, which is the price of the price of the price, which is equals, the price, which is equals, which is equal, which is the price of 4 with the price of the price of 4 with the price of the price of the price of 4 is equal, which is equal, which is equal, the price of 4 is equal, which is equal, the price of the price of the price of 4 is equal, which is equal, the price of 4
Price-sensitive users favor and assist brands are growing rapidly in a highly competitive environment. >Bonida: The first country has a microball long-activating filler, which is more stable in sales, and the first country has a pva microball-based vitamin gel injection for wrinkled skin restoration, which was certified in three categories of medical devices in October 2012.
Sodium transducer acid injections are 80% ph-valued with 20% polyvinyl vinyl microballs, blended with filtration, filtration, sterile tank encapsulation. Microball injections in humans can stimulate regenerative effects such as gel protein, which can last 5-10 years. Bonida-like competitions are currently Ebeves, and in 2012 the product was certified as a domestic medical device 3, with a major component of 80% gel protein and 20% methyl hepta-butyl acid microball, which can last up to 5-10 years, based on new oxygen.
On the sea line, the price range was 6666-9800/0.5ml between Bonida prices, $11,800-17,300/0.5ml between Ebeves, and the price advantage of Bonida, whose sales have been warming since 2017 and whose prices have been stable. Bonida sales in 2019 generated $6.8 million, an increase of 101 per cent, or 12 per cent, compared to the company’s revenues. Bonida products have been growing rapidly in the last two years.
For $32.3 per cent, the compound rate of growth has been -17 per cent since the launch, showing a stronger scale effect; in 2019, the Punida unit bid was $2547, with a compound rate of 0.3 per cent since the launch, while Punida prices remained stable over a long period of time. The 2016-2017 period was a low-market period for Punida, mainly: 1) early in 2016, when the market for products such as Effie, Hivet, etc. was cultivated, and companies were less aggressive towards Bounida advertising and academic outreach; 2) the prices of products were essentially the same as those of overseas competitors, maintaining higher levels and influencing sales.
Since 2018, with the maturing of the Hive market, Bonida has gained new growth. Figure 14: Bonida sales revenue and percentage changes (in millions) Figure 15: Bonida sales and changes
Figure 16: Changes in the Māori rate and bid prices in Bonida
One is the company’s high-end, transparent injection of sodium acid, certified as medical instrument 3 in December 2016, which is combined with the bdde solidity, the gradual trans-trading of sodium and the translucency of sodium sodium acid, and the permeable adjustment of hydropropyl methyl cellulose, the buffer solution, the mixing, filtering, and the encumbranced products. Compared to the first product introduced by the company, the first product, the first product, the additional connection technology, is an upgraded product.
In 2019, US$ 121 million plus one sales revenue increased by the same 36 per cent, or 3.7 per cent, compared with corporate income. In 2019, sales of products amounted to 17,000, or 41 per cent, and in the price system, US$ 44.3 per cent of the cost per unit had been added since the launch, at a compound rate of 5.4 per cent and at a current high cost of US$ 1221 per unit, with a compound rate of increase of -2 per cent since the launch.
In May 2019, he was certified as a medical device 3 and used mainly for facial upgrades and wrinkled stripes. At present, the competition is based on a fast line of southeastlines and sarcophagus, which can last one to two years with micro-surgery.
Starting in the second half of the year, it is expected to get a share of the market. (2) Direct sales are dominated, distributors are more restrained, customers are better off, company products are more directly sold, and the direct share of high-end products such as Bonida, Jianmi plus 1 is higher. Corporate sales channels are divided into two main categories: 1) buy out to distributors.
Distribution to downstream institutional clients: 2) direct supply of health-care facilities, mainly private beauty hospitals, through sales personnel. Companies focus on direct sales, facilitating the training and control of medical institutions’ products, and reducing the misuse of products. As of 2019, company direct sales revenue stood at $360 million, or 64 per cent, as a result of the rapid growth of high-growth products.
The differences in product channels are related to the end-of-product climate on the one hand, and the company’s product-based approach to agent bargaining on the other. The differences between direct sales and sales rates are small, and the maturity of the accounts is tight; the gap between direct sales and distribution channels has narrowed to 0.97 pt, with the difference being reduced to $35 per cent, with the difference in product structure between direct distribution channels and the firm’s strong bargaining position with the agent on the other hand.
Figure 20: The Māori ratio of companies through different channels 3) The cost-end-scale effect of the maturity of the product line is significant, releasing profit elasticity, scale effects and lower prices for raw materials are driving down unit costs. Corporate aggregate unit costs are declining in 2014-2019, mainly in terms of 1) each.
(b) The cost of purchasing raw materials such as sterile needles and pre-canned syringes has decreased over the last three years by 77/55 per cent, respectively, with increased volume of corporate procurement, increased bargaining power over suppliers and reduced purchase prices. By 2019, the cost-side scale effect had been evident as the product matured, market input rates had fallen and cost-side scale effects were evident.
Travel and sales promotion costs have been significantly reduced; while the share of management costs and related office costs in revenue has been reduced from year to year with the increase in sales volume. Overall, the pre-market impact of new product inputs has resulted in a certain cost, accompanied by the rapid release of products, and significant cost-end-scale effects.
Figure 24: Breakdown of corporate management costs as a percentage of income and change Medical beauty industry is in the sun and new consumers are driving high-growth industries 1) Rapid growth in therapeutic processes has contributed to 24 per cent compound growth in the health sector, with injection-type projects accounting for more than 20 per cent
The Chinese health-care beauty industry maintained a 24% compound growth rate, exceeding 150 billion in 2019, with injection-type projects increasing faster than the industry. Medical beauty is defined as changing its image through surgery and non-surgery operations, including facial, chest, body and limb surgery projects, injecting non-surgery projects such as boulina toxin, and energy non-surgery projects such as lasers.
Figure 25: The size and speed of China’s market in the medical beauty industry (Billions of yuan) The increase in the number of treatment courses in the past few years has been an important driver of growth in the industry. According to frost&sullivan, the number of treatment courses in the medical beauty industry in 2018 was 1.20 million, the number of visits to China’s beauty hospitals and orthopaedic hospitals in 2017 was 5.34 million, and the compound increase in 2012-2017 was 29.54%; it was subject to poor statistical calibre and range.
The difference, despite the discrepancies in the data, is that the increase in the number of treatment courses has been an important factor in the growth of the industry over the past few years. The structure shows that in 2018 there were 14.5 million non-surgery treatments, in 2014-2018 there were 26 per cent compound increases in the number of non-surgery treatments, in 2014-2018 there was an average unit cost of $3448, and in 2014-2018 there was a compound increase of 2)) the penetration rate of Chinese doctors in the target overseas market remains low and there is more than double the scope for scaling up.
The global market for medical beauty is close to trillion and is at a steady rate of growth. According to frost&sullivan, the global market for medical beauty was 136.2 billion United States dollars in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 0.1 per cent.
According to the New Oxygen Data and Ispas, China favours injection-type projects, which account for 57%, Japan favours non-surgery-type projects, which account for more than 40% of injections and energy-type projects, and the United States market, which accounts for more than 36% of surgical-type projects. Markets under the influence of different cultures pursue the United States differently, and projects are divided in favour of injection-type projects in general.
Figure 31: Global distribution of surgeries and non-surgery treatments in the medical beauty industry (thousands of times)
Medical beauty consumption is the strongest market, with more than 20% of the treatment in 2018 increasing than other markets and becoming an area of potential for global health-care consumption; however, China’s health-care beauty ratio is now largely comparable to global levels, with more than a doubling of penetration in more developed markets. According to frost&sullivan, the global health beauty penetration rate was 1.2% in 2018 (which is almost equivalent to treatment/population base), while the countries with more developed markets in Korea, the United States, Brazil, Japan and the United States have 8.6%, 5.2%, respectively.
4.6%, 2.7%, penetration rate increased by 0.06 pct, 0.02 pct, 0.03 pct, and 0.00 pct. China ' s market penetration rate in 2018 was only 1.5%, compared to mature markets, and figure 33: Comparison of medical beauty penetration by 1,000 people in different countries around the world 3) The upgrading of medical technology has led to project diversification + changing perceptions of new consumers driving industry growth
According to the new oxygen classification, there are currently 18 subcategories of medical beauty options available on the market, 598 of which include eye orthopaedics, facial contours, nose orthopaedics, and so on, and which are increasingly enriched by user choices. Using injecting products, surgical prostheses, energy-type instruments, for example, changes in the number of authorizations obtained in the country, and the number of products certified in the domestic market in the last decade or so, has increased significantly.
Medical beauty projects are becoming more and more medical-friendly, reducing user concerns and increasing the probability of selection. Figure 35: Time since 2008 for certification of medical instruments/biopharmaceuticals related to medical beauty projects
On the one hand, users grew up in the Internet age after 90 years, with a new wave of ideas, making it easier to receive information from institutions; on the other hand, live video is growing rapidly, and the star “popularization” is a catalyst for the glorification of medicine. According to the data on the consumption population on the new oxygen line, 80.7% of the population was under 30 years of age in 2019, 3.4pt increased in nearly three years, and 15.5% of the population was more stable after 00; and, on the other hand, important factors in the consumption strategy of young users were the effects, their effects and their effects.
Subsistence safety is more open to project approaches. Upstream manufacturers are the most stable links in the industrial chain, with overall profitability and optimal competitive patterns. Major players in the medical-American industrial chain are divided into three main links: 1) upstream raw material suppliers and producers such as materials-consuming equipment; 2) midstream medical beauty agencies; and 3) downstream end-users.
Figure 39: Fragmentation of the chain of the medical beauty industry 1) Producers are strictly regulated, have the highest barriers to entry, and have the best competitive patterns. Depending on the type of project, medical hairdressers produce equipment, equipment for energy-type projects, equipment for injection-type projects, and medicines.
For example, there are 17 formal-market players, with a Māori ratio of over 80% for the three major national producers and a net interest rate of over 20% for the top five industrial producers, and a profit and competition pattern or better for fewer segments of the participants. 2) Institutions account for the highest value of the industrial chain, and fish-drawling brings high passenger costs and low levels of profitability. According to Irey, in 2019, the number of formal medical beauty institutions in the market was higher.
There are around 13,000 cases, of which 29.1 per cent are in hospitals, 32.9 per cent in outpatient clinics, and 38 per cent in clinical clinics. Industry disruptions have high client costs, although institutions still have a significant Māori ratio that is less profitable; according to the market head medical beauty service, the Māori representation rate is about 60 per cent, with sales and management costs of more than 50 per cent and less profitable.
In China, there has been a steady and high market concentration over the last three years for sodium-transparent injection manufacturers. By the end of 2019, the country had been certified as having injected transparent-tyric acid with medical devices.3 China's top five manufacturers of sodium-transparent injections had a share of 78.1 per cent a year, and the share of the top five manufacturers of sodium-transparent acids had changed by 1.9 ptt until 2016-2019.
According to the new oxygen data, the injection of urinate acid is mainly used for plastics and resistance, with different requirements for molecular/single-to-square parameters for different parts of the product, as well as differences in technology between major manufacturers and the majority of the products in the market.
End-users are still more concerned about duration of effects, pain, filling nature, and prices. Currently, foreign brands are priced at higher ends, using the top three brands, Evén, Joyardon, and Elivy, for example, and the Shanghai online agencies are priced between $1,000 and $6,000; the national product labels are more popularized, with the top three brands, Evé Lei, Haewei, and Yuyuki, for example, and the Shanghai region has a lowest price of $380 to $500, which is more popular.
The health beauty industry, which is characterized by a relatively high number of law-busting institutions, a scarcity of beauty doctors and a plethora of water-dressed fake products, has caused more medical beauty accidents and reduced consumer confidence; according to Irene, the share of formal medicine needles in the market is less than 50%, with large quantities of water and counterfeit goods. Since 2014, the industry has become more regulated, with severe attacks on black medicine and organized industrial disturbances; in the course of the industry’s ongoing regulatory development, it is expected that formal manufacturing products will crush illegal manufacturing.
Agile market smell and strong R & D innovation, striving for market start-up and creating differentiated product ladders.
In contrast to national competitors, the number of core technologies and patents in specific areas of medical beauty end-products is ahead of the market. A sharp medical market insight, good at research and development innovation, combined with technological patent advantages, allows certification of products to be at the top of the market.
Hive has shown great innovation, Evelyn is the first sodium hydrochloride-containing lydoxine injector with a transparent type of sodium acid; the Hive uses tissue liquid imitation techniques to become the only product in the market that has been modified for the third certification of medical devices with a recirculator. Figure 47: Corporate multi-products have received a first certification.
Research and development (R & D) is fully invested, and core staff are motivated to build up innovative R & D capabilities. On the one hand, companies have fully invested in R & D, with 72 technical personnel, or 23 per cent of the total workforce, up to 2019, compared with domestic competitive firms; and on the other hand, the average remuneration of R & D staff (the number of salaries and benefits of personnel in R & D costs and R / R & D personnel) was 300,000 in 2019, while 12 R & D-related workers held shares in employee-owned platforms (about 0.47 per cent before financing).
On the other hand, the company has a strong human absorptive capacity to facilitate the introduction of cutting-edge technologies, such as botulinum toxins, and the company strengthens its research and development capabilities through external cooperation; while injecting protein R&D projects, key technical staff acquire a subsidiary equity and deep interest binding.
Figure 49: Comparison of remuneration of R & D staff and R & D inputs in 2019
As of 2019, the number of salesmen in the company was 115, with an average of 13 clients per person covered, with an effort to fine-tune the management of clients, and a higher number of manual benefits/persons per year of sales costs) than in the industry; at the same time, a total of 13 salesmen in the company ' s stock-holding platform-to-person investment held platform shares, with a combined share of about 0.51 per cent of the company ' s shares.
Figure 50: Changes in corporate sales personnel and average remuneration, on the other hand, companies are strictly regulated over channel prices, distributors are more restrained, and prices are more stable. The company’s core product prices have been stable, with a compound price increase of 3.9% for the past five years, and the price increase for the company’s two scarce products – Hi, Bonida – can be maintained at a modest rate, with an advantage over the rest of the country’s product plates.
Price management, and agents’ development to curb price misalignment at the middle, and maintain institutional price system stability. In the future, companies will spend $150 million to build six major marketing centres across the country, helping to strengthen the management of core regional institutions, fine-tune the operation of marketed products, and upgrade the product’s life cycle.
The company’s current product booms, Effrey systems, Jingmi plus one are still in the long run, 1) there are different outlets, and high-sophisticated market demand supports the rapid growth of products. As mentioned earlier, Effie is the most price-effective and transparent product in the market, sodium sodium sodium, which meets the needs of price-sensitive users, with the introduction of Emerikai, greater user coverage, stabilization of client groups, and growth: high body satisfaction.
As of now, the number of companies covering around 2,000, compared to more than 10,000 formal establishments in the industry, can be increased further; at the same time, the number of companies selling only 40 per cent in China and only 10 per cent in the North and South China markets, and more than 10 per cent in China.
The share of the US developed markets can still be raised further. The expansion of the capacity to capture the share base. According to the company’s plan to raise capital to build capacity, the company’s current product, the Ave, the Hi, and the Fuzzy sector, will have insufficient production capacity over the next three years, thus laying a solid foundation for the company’s market share.
Figure 54: Existing productive capacity and utilization of the company (millions) Figure 53: Expansion of the capacity of the company ' s existing products (millions)
1) In cooperation with the huons of Korea, we cut into thin-faced, sculpted legs. Botox is a bacterial toxin produced by deadly botulinum, a biopharmaceutical that functions as the end of a choline energy nerve, resists calcium ion, interferes with the release of acetyl choline, prevents the contraction of cellular fibres to relax muscles and achieves the purpose of wrinkled beauty; in the 1980s, the beauty community expanded its function for use in thin-face and smallness.
In September 2018, the company signed a cooperation agreement in China with the Korea company Huons, which authorized the company to import, register, distribute and distribute in the Chinese region the production of a meat and toxin product, after which the company had the exclusive right to distribute its products for 10 years. Huons, a well-known Korean pharmaceutical and medical equipment enterprise, was established in 1965 and developed a meat and toxin product Hutox was acquired in April 2019 in South Korea.
The company’s fund-raising project will provide 120 million yuan for the research and development project for the injection of a type botulinum toxin, including the pre-clinical phase, pre-clinical phase, clinical phase, registration and approval phase. The domestic market for intratoxin has a high profile, and projects on the line are growing faster than injections of urinary acid. According to the US Transparency Market Research Corporation, the Global Intra-Toxin Market Regulation 2017.
Modified at $4.53 billion, it is expected to reach $8.72 billion in 2026, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.6 per cent; according to statistics from the imms sample hospital, the number of botox items sold in Chinese markets in 2015 was 33 per cent, with an increase of 91 per cent, with a better climate than other injecting products.
2) Reorganisation of proteins and deoxychotic injections into the field of medical weight loss, and reprogramming of insulin high-glp-1 analogues to meet the need for weight loss. In November 2016, the company set up a holding subsidiary, Norbotson.
The research and development of the drug has now been completed with the completion of the original research quality study and sample tests, the pre-clinical safety evaluation is under way, and it is expected to be conducted in 2020, among others, by clinical applicants with extensive experience in the diabetic biopharmaceuticals industry; among these, Noor and Nord developed a fda approval in December 2014. The National Weight Plan Board, which has a national adult overweight rate of 30.1%, and a obesity rate of 11.9%, expects good market prospects for products from a large population base.
In February of that year, a subsidiary was set up to carry out research and development of related drugs, and a trial evaluation of preparations for development and pre-clinical samples and animal safety will be conducted in 2020. Of this amount, 200 million will be used for project development and development, with a total construction cycle of five years, three of which will be 3.5 years for clinical trials.
3) Reserves of transparent sodium acid gel products containing polycrylic microballs, which enrich the stock of long-acting filling projects Company reserves of transparent sodium acid gels containing modifier polycyclic acids, which are currently in the registration stage or will be certified by the end of 2020. The polycromic acid (plla) medical clinical application has been available for more than 30 years, allowing natural decomposition by the human body, while promoting the regeneration of the osteoporium, gradual wrinkling, improvement of the dent, and maintenance of effectiveness
The company’s products, if certified, will be the first in the country to receive a transparent injection of sodium ecstasy with polysyric acid3 to fill the gap in the domestic market’s medium-term facial rejuvenation product.
In terms of profit forecasts, valuations and investment ratings, income costs, the medical beauty industry has a high profile, and the company’s existing product lines have grown rapidly over the next three years, depending on their differentiated positioning. Sub-product lines, we are expected to be lower than comparable companies.
The model enters the domestic market, and competition in the industry increases; if the company fails to refine the operation of listed and changed product lines, it may be exposed to the industry’s price war risk affecting profit rates and the loss of some market share affecting sales. Reserve project development registration is not progressing as expected. Companies will invest more in new projects such as botoxin, re-engineering proteins, but research and development of new products will range from laboratories to the most.
There is a risk that downstream customers will use corporate products, and so on. There is some confusion in the medical beauty industry, which, despite the firm’s firm’s direct marketing focus and the establishment of a strict compliance management system, still excludes certain distributors and terminal agencies from selling or using corporate products in an irregular manner, affecting product end-to-end image and even producing negative reports.
Li Xing, Master of Financial Studies in the Consumer Products Industry, University of Kyotan, three years of experience in research in the industry, joined the Sunda securities industry in 2020 to study the textile light industry. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sunda securities, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.