Medical Health Research Centre c-Emergency (300896.sz) Increase (first rating) Medical courinary acid product taps, R & D + sales drive high growth
The company is the leader in the field of national production of U.S.-transparent Acid end-products, has numerous iii-type medical equipment notes, has a variety of products, and has developed a differentiated product layout of 5+1, with significant advantages. 5 transparent acids and 1 buried line products are not available in formulas, application areas, restoration effects, etc.
By the same token, a number of segmented market demands can be met. The company’s performance is fast and long, and profitability continues to rise. In 2019, operating income and net return earnings were $558 million and $306 million, respectively, and in 2014-2019, net return growth rates were as high as 49.3 per cent and 60.8 per cent, respectively.
Demand-side + supply-side + policy-side factors drive the acceleration of the expansion of the country’s medical-American industry, non-surgery-type medicine, high-surgery market climates, rising power ratios, and the popularity of urinary acids and botulinum toxins. According to cagr in 2019, 28.7%, the global treatment for botulinum toxins in 2018 is about 1.6 times that of botulinum.
The country’s development is relatively lagging, is now oligopolistic, and has great potential for future development. The precision of product positioning + the accumulation of technology + the competition of high-selling companies, the proliferation of new products, the expansion of product applications, the continuous growth of performance dynamics.
Market breeding is beginning to work, competition is better, and it's fast-disbursing; it's starting this year to give a lot of money, and the puppies are expected to move to the market in 2021, with Korean huons working on a botulinum toxin in clinical trials, and it's worth looking forward to.
In addition, there is great potential for the development of cosmetic urinary acid, and companies can do much better. The share, which is about $3.435 billion, is to be invested in capacity expansion, medical materials, and genetically restructured proteins.
We have a large, fast-growing and low market penetration rate in the medical and American sector, and the company has established a pre-emptive advantage in product layout, technology accumulation, marketing networks, and customer resources, and is expected to reap the dividends of industrial growth as a leader in the production of domestic urinate products. We expect the company to return to its mother-to-be in 2020-2022, respectively.
The growth rate of sales earnings has fallen short of expectations: the risk of falling net interest rates as a result of increased competition in the market for bouria products: the impact of the epidemic on downstream demand has not recovered as expected; the product structure is relatively single; product diffusion is not as fast as expected; product R & D and registration have not progressed as expected; and the risk of tax preferences change has not changed.
In June of the year, the focus was on the development and industrialization of sodium transparent acid injections and facial line-laying products.
Previously, the "5+1" product had been certified as a medical device for the iii category, which was a light-doctor-American line layout, and a full-blown, national-owned enterprise with a significant pre-emptive advantage. Corporate governance was modernized, and executives and core business cadres were fully motivated.
▪ The company ' s actual controller, Jang Jun, together held 38.72% of the company ' s shares, with a more concentrated shareholding. Of these, 30.96% were held directly, indirectly through investments in Than Shwe, client-supreme investments and movement-oriented investments.
The company attaches great importance to equity incentives, with two employee holding platforms for informed military investment and client-supreme investment, which together hold 10.69 per cent of the company’s shares, with the main shareholders covering the company’s core technical staff and sales cadres, including the Deputy General Manager and Director of Production, YOON Yong-Jung, the Director of Research and Development, Chen Yue, and the Director of Research and Development.
The department’s project manager, Zhang Xing and Lee Si-ji, among others. Sales officers include the Deputy General Manager and Director of Marketing, Toyo Na, Salesman Zhang Loong, Lee Dae-woo, and Zhang Dan-Dan, among others. Active equity incentives are put in place to implement programs that closely bind the company’s long-term development to the self-interest of the executive and can fully mobilize managers.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure. Profitability is strong, with a period of steady and good cost performance at a high rate of growth. Operating income increased from $7.52 million in 2014.
558 million yuan in 2019, or 49.3 per cent for cagr; and a significant increase in the company ' s income and profits in 2019, mainly due to a significant increase in the company ' s income and profits in the same year as in 2019, which was 558 million yuan, an increase of 73.7 per cent compared to 2018, resulting in a net return of 306 million dollars.
This is the only three types of medical instruments currently approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service to improve the wrinkles on the neck, filling the void in the area of neck wrinkle restoration. After nearly two years of market development, the safety and effectiveness of the system were obtained more quickly from downstream medical institutions and end consumers.
In the first half of 2020, corporate performance was stable, with an income of $242 million, an increase of 0.72 per cent compared with the previous year; the return to the mother ' s net profit of $147 million, an increase of 14.6 per cent compared with the previous increase in profits.
The main reasons for the higher rate of growth were corporate taxation, sales costs and management fees in the first half of the year 2020 The company ' s Māori rate remained stable, the cost rate was stable over the period, with net interest rates improving from year to year.The downward trend in the company ' s current rates was mainly related to sales costs, administrative costs and research and development costs
The increase in net interest rates for the company in 2019 was evident, mainly because of the increase in value added tax (VAT) on the company's main product and the increase in the cost per unit of the main product as production increased.
The increase in net interest rates in the first half of 2020 was mainly due to lower costs during the epidemic, the rise in the share of middle- and high-end products over the years, and the continued improvement in profitability. The company’s average bruising product, Efrai, declined significantly, from 72% in 2016.
This fell to 27% in 2019, and is expected to decrease further in the future. The company’s exclusive neck-fixed restoration product, which has been approved by the state, is at a high price and is expected to increase in the coming years.
The company's price-conserving Bonida market is growing in recognition and is expected to continue to contribute to the industry Industry: the non-surgery sector is expanding, the transparent and acid market is high, the sector has a high potential for development, and the non-surgery sector accounts for an increasing share
Medical beauty is distinguished from specialized clinical treatments in order to improve “the beauty of” consumption, which is more important than medical. Medical beauty refers to the repair and re-establishment of human appearances and forms of human parts using drugs, surgery, medical devices and other traumatic or irreversible medical techniques.
Medical-American chains are made up mainly of upstream drug suppliers, meso-services, and downstream channels. Emmetts are in the upper stages of the medical-American chain, leading in the field of medicine and medicine in the country, leading the global medical-American market into a steady phase of development, and Chinese-American markets are fast-tracked worldwide to accelerate expansion.
In 2018, the global market was about $137.5 billion, and in 2018-2022, cagr is expected to be driven by multiple factors, such as an increased acceptance of the market, and our market is booming in space. According to Irene, the market is forecast to be 17.6 billion yuan in 2019.
In 2023, it will increase to 311.5 billion yuan, with the capr being 15.19 per cent during that period.Figure 12: The size of China ' s medical and American sector market in 2012-2023e, where the penetration rate of our medical and American projects is lower than in countries such as Europe, the United States, Japan and Korea, is increasing.
The penetration rate of the Medico-American project rose from 0.1 per cent in 2009 to 3.6 per cent, at a remarkable rate, but continued to expand in the United States as the penetration rate continued to rise. The Medico-American project can be classified into surgical and non-surgery categories, with non-surgery-type projects recovering rapidly due to small traumas.
Low unit prices, short decision-making cycles, high repurchase rates are more prevalent than surgical types of projects. Surgery refers to direct changes in the body or improvements in the appearance of chests, noses, eyes, etc., non-surgery groups, if injected, lasers, ultrasound, etc., in which injections refer to the injection of transparent acids, hydroxygens, etc.
Materials such as calcium phosphorus, autofats, polyemulsifiers, plyon proteins, polymethylacrylates, etc. for the purpose of repairing specific defects.
Figure 16: Comparison of the characteristics of surgical and non-surgery medical projects
The market share of Chinese surgical and American projects is still dominant, and the market structure of China’s medical and American industries differs somewhat from the global market. The ratio of non-surgery and non-surgery projects has gradually increased, with injections accounting for more than half of non-surgery projects.
There is a certain difference between the market structure of China’s health-care industry and the global market. The demand for botulinum toxins and transparent micro-orthopaedic acid markets is strong, which together account for some of the world’s total non-surgery treatment programmes.
80% of the amount. Global botox injections exceeded 6 million in 2018, accounting for about half of the total non-surgery-American treatments. Second, transparent Quality Acid consultations numbered about 3.73 million, ranking second in the non-surgery category, accounting for about 30%.
The multiplicity of demand + supply + policy factors drive the health sector to flourish — at the demand-side: the increase in disposable income, the expansion of the age structure of medical consumers, and the rise in medical acceptance — together drive demand in the health and beauty market.
▪ Increases in income are the basic driving force behind the country’s dynamic market for medicine and beauty. The growth in disposable income for all of us has led to an increase in income, an increase in consumption, and an increase in the share of alternative services such as medicine and beauty.
Market demand for beauty, and the age structure of healers and consumers continues to expand. Under the influence of such things as “circumstance culture”, “face-value economy,” and “net-red,” there are a number of good projects after 00 that involve young people who have a high acceptance of beauty, are willing to try and be personalized.
According to Irey's consulting data, the preferred project, top3, is botoxine, boulic acid, and nose orthopaedic, focusing mainly on facial contour adjustment. For work, socialization, self-appreciation, etc., a large number of people in the workplace have both consumer power and beauty.
The increase in population ageing is expected to result in dissipation of micro orthopaedic projects such as subcutaneous injections and botulinum toxins, and more older people are expected to repair the lost glyph proteins due to aging through light-medium projects.
In terms of consumption, in 2015, the choice of the project was based mainly on work needs, accounting for about 49%, while the first motive in 2017 was to please yourself, which was more than half the ratio.
At 51%, the public’s awareness of the beauty of medicine has increased considerably in just two years, and it is expected that in the future, the beauty of medicine will become more personal. From the public’s attitude toward the beauty of medicine, in 2018, the Chinese public took a positive view of the beauty of medicine.
Thirty-seven per cent of the population were willing to fine-tune, 24 per cent were appreciative and the number of people who did not understand was only 16 per cent. 11312,000 visits to orthopaedic orthopaedic hospitals and beauty hospitals in 2011 rose to 5,344.2 million in 2017, with a high annual compound growth rate.
29.54 per cent. As a result, the general public ' s recognition of the beauty of medicine has matured, with the supply side: the number of professional doctors and beds in the country ' s plastic surgery hospital, beauty hospital, and the number of medical practitioners in the beauty hospital increasing from 199 to 5323. In addition, the number of medical practitioners in the country has increased from 199 to 5323.
Chang, the rapid increase in the number of medical practitioners and the number of beds provides a solid foundation for the accelerated expansion of the country's medical and aesthetic sector
Transparency acid: the pharmaceutical-grade end product is growing rapidly, the penetration rate of the country’s product plates continues to rise, and the translucency acid (hyalunacid, or ha) is also known as urinary acid, a double-sugar unit.
d. High molecular mucus, consisting of glucose ellipsic acid and n-acetylamine, are the main components of the tissues of human intercellular, eye, glass, joint fluids, etc., with good humidity, sticky elasticity, lubricity, degradation and biocompatibility, which are widely used as biomedical materials.
▪ Transparency acids are naturally present in the skin of the human body and as one of the main substrate components of the skin, both surface and real skin, as absorbing moisture, keeping the skin soft, smooth and flexible, preventing skin decay or wrinkles. At the same time, transparency acids also promote nutrient absorption and prevent repair.
Skin damage and the effect of improving skin metabolism. However, transparent acids in human skin are lost as age increases, leading to loss of skin moisture, loss of elasticity and light, and ageing such as wrinkled wrinkly. As a result, transparent acids are often added to food, cosmetics, and used to increase them.
In medical beauty applications, transparent acids can be injected artificially into the wrinkled wrinkled parts of the skin or in the hope of abundance, more directly and quickly replenishing transparent acids, thus achieving the above-mentioned skin beauty effects and relying on transparency.
Acid viscous and plastic functions, with the effect of removing wrinkles and modulating the face. Transparency acids can be divided into four categories of large molecules, medium molecules, small molecules, and oligopolic acids depending on the size of the molecules. Transparency of material acid physics and biological performance of different molecules vary.
The higher volume of transparent acids, with greater support, resilience and sticky elasticity, is often used in medical beauty as plastic filling material. Smaller molecular amounts of transparent acids are able to penetrate surface skins to achieve deep skin absorption and are therefore often used in skin protection for wet.
▪ The transparent material for acids can be divided into three categories depending on the use and technical requirements: pharmaceutical level, cosmetics Chart 30: classification for transparent quality acids (based on the size of the molecules) Chart 31: classification for transparent quality acids (based on the use and technical requirements)
The material is prepared in three ways: tissue extraction, fermentation and chemosynthesis, currently based on animal tissue extraction and fermentation. The material required consists mainly of animal glass from extraction, chicken crowns, and germs from fermentation.
The process of extracting animal tissues is technically limited by the stringent requirements of extracting rings, their susceptibility to bacterial infections, or their effects on immune responses. And fermentation.
The transparent substance acid of 2000kda can be obtained not only from transparent acids with a molecular mass greater than 2000kda, but also from transparent acids with a molecular mass less than 200kda through later chemical degradation techniques or microbial enzyme cutting techniques.
▪ The downstream of the transparent acid industry refers mainly to transparent acid products, including medical, cosmetic and food levels. The value added of the end-use products at the medical level is higher than food and cosmetic levels.
(biphasic) Two types. Single-phase urephalic is the grinding of large urephalic gels into a physico-territory, slided, finely fine gel form, which improves the connection through the use of high-density mesh technology. Double-phase urephalic acid is the sifting method, blending it with non-combined uretic acids, in love with American guests.
The US is the world’s first transparent consumer of acid, accounting for about one-fifth of the world’s market. Transparent acid filling is the second highest in the global injecting-American program, after meat.
Toxics, but about half of the course of treatment for botulinum, are expected to increase as the income increases, the quality and variety of medically good products expands, and transparent acid applications are expected to become more widespread. The size of the transparent acid market at our pharmaceutical level is growing steadily, with medical beauty applications accounting for more than half and daily.
In 2019, China’s market for transparent end-products of paralytic acid was still larger than other pharmaceutical-level end-use applications, amounting to $4.27 billion, with a combined growth rate of 28.7 per cent in 2014-2019. The health-care beauty of the country benefited from factors such as a large population base and a continuous increase in the penetration rate of medical beauty.
The market for transparent end-products has great potential for development. ▪ The market for medical products of U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. urinates continues to be dominated by importing firms, with a gradual increase in the share of national producers and, in terms of sales revenue, a significant increase in the share of the market for Amer, from 5.7% in 2016.
Up to 10.1% in 2019, the country produced three companies (America, Wah Hee Bian, Yue Hae-seng), which in 2018 accounted for about 12.5% of sales, after Wu Hae-seng (18.4%) and was second in the country's production.
As a result of the low unit price of national product plates compared to imported brand products, the volume ratio is higher than the income ratio. Foreign brands dominate high-end markets, with local firms increasing their product class, improving their quality, and increasing their skills.
Foreign brands enter the Chinese market early, have stable market channels and have a pre-emptive advantage. National brands such as the Americian products are constantly enriched, such as the Lidocain buffers, and the Hives are approved to lead the waterlight market, and local brands are sold.
Revenue is expected to increase further. There are more than 30 transparent products of acid that have been approved by the National Drug and Monitoring Service and that meet the diverse needs of consumers with regard to product performance, prices, etc.
From the point of view of the product’s origin, imports are mainly from the United States, South Korea, Sweden, Belgium, Austria, etc., with a total of more than 10 products.
In terms of the time the product was approved, it was approved in 2009 as the first transparent acid product to be produced in the country. q-med ' s Red Blue 2 was approved in 2008 as the first import product to be approved. At present, it has a pre-emptive advantage over the time that transparent acid products are approved.
In terms of retail reference prices for products, importing firms have higher prices than domestically produced enterprises, composite transparents, higher prices for acid sales than generic transparent acids, botulinum toxins: domestic maturity is lower than international markets, with high potential for development
botulinum toxin, also known as botulinum toxin, is a toxic protein produced by deadly botulinum fungi in the course of reproduction. Botoxin can be classified into eight types of a, b, ca, cb, d, e, f, g, depending on antigen properties, of which a, b, e, f can cause human disease.
The botulinum herbs used in beds for medical treatment and beauty are a type of botulinum. The botulinum herbs function on the end of the choline-mobilization nerve, is resistant to calcium ion, interferes with the release of acetyl choline, so that mybic fibres cannot contract to relax muscles for the purpose of wrinkled beauty.
The medical community was used to treat facial cramps and other muscle motor disorders, and in the 1980s, plastic surgery expanded its function to use it for thin faces, sculpted calves, etc. In the course of the treatment, doctors gradually discovered that botulinum was extremely effective in removing wrinkles, using botox fungus.
Wrinkle plastic surgery was born and rapidly popular due to the effects of the treatment. Chart 40: The development of the botulinum botulinum industry at the beginning of the 19th century, by studying the death of the German intestines, it was found that there was meat poison in the corrupt intestines.
At the end of the 19th century, botulinum was successfully separated from corpses and corrupt foods and found in botulinum poles during theoretical studies.
In 1928, botulinum was successfully extracted from botulinum as a stable form of acid deposition. In 1949, botulinum was found to function and an attempt was made to inject botulinum.
In 1977, treatment was successfully achieved by injecting botulinum oculium.
In 1978, a company specializing in the production and marketing of oculinum was set up. In 1989, the oculinum was officially approved by fda. 1987, an ophthalmologist from Canada discovered that eye spasm patients were injected with meat rods.
After three years of research, in 1990 jean and her husband gave medical beauty applications • after 1990 — allergan started to apply botulinum to the aesthetics.
Research, approved by fda in 2002. Botoxin is now widely used in the medical field.
The United States is the world’s largest producer of botulinum toxins, accounting for about a quarter of the world’s market share in terms of the number of treatment courses. Botox is the largest in terms of the number of treatment courses offered by the Global Injecting American Project, with a global total of about 6.1 million in 2018.
▪ The global market for botulinum toxins has been growing steadily. The global market for botulinum toxins was about $4.53 billion in 2017, and is expected to reach $6.16 billion in 2022 and 2017-2022
The global market for botulinum toxins continued to grow, driven by three main factors, namely supply, demand and consumption frequency, with 6.3 per cent in cagr. Supply level rises: supply and supply of botulinum toxins as production technology progresses.
Quality should be improved, laying the foundation for the expansion of the market. End demand: botulinum toxins have the power to fight wrinkles, raise the standard of living as the population grows older globally, and demand for medical beauty to fight aging.
The demand for end-uses of botulinum is increasing, as is the demand for end-uses of botulinum. Consumption frequency is increasing: botulinum toxins need regular repeated injections, and increased consumption frequency will contribute to continued growth in the size of the industry market.
The market size of China’s botox industry has grown rapidly with a compound annual growth rate of more than 20%. According to the period, the cagr was 20.56%, and is expected to reach 27.7 billion yuan in 2022.
Increased market regulation: A number of provisions have been introduced by relevant agencies, such as the Health and Health Commission, to promote the normative development of our health markets, and it is expected that in the future the number of products that are not qualified in the market will decrease and disappear.
The Botox industry will be in a rapid state of development. The end-use area has increased: the current domestic area of Botox clinical applications is more limited, mainly to remove fish tails, eyebrows, etc. The future area of Botox clinical applications is expected to continue.
Expanding the potential for development and approval of botulinum toxins for use in areas such as muscle size and texture, and expanding the market space for botulinum toxins in end-use applications, with a positive future trend. Core competitiveness: precision product positioning, R&D + sales double-wheel drive
A rich product matrix with differential gradient coverage  product positioning is accurate and varied and has a significant pre-existing advantage. The company’s products are mainly for facial, neck, wrinkled skin restoration, and are now in the product layout of “5+1”, five transparent acids and one paragraph.
Face-laying wire products are distinctive, differentiated in technology application, scope of application, injection/infusion levels, and meet the needs of consumers for diversification, with significant initial advantages.
Multiple transparent acid products are covered in a differentiated gradient, with different products depending on the composition of the formulation, the applicable location, the restoration effects, etc., and are able to meet the consumption needs of multiple segmented markets.
▪ The generic translucent acid gluten, U.S.A. plus one has been added to the hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose, which slows the decomposition of the substance and prolongs the filling in the skin for a period of one to two years. The U.S. product has been sold for more than nine years since cfda was approved in October 2009.
Instead of demand, precise product targeting, and the introduction in 2017 of a U.S.-American-up-upgrading product, a downward trend in revenue from the sale of U.S. products in 2014-2016 was largely due to the company’s low promotion of the U.S., a decline in product sales, and a slight drop in sales unit prices following the company’s appearance on the market in Avele in 2015.
In 2017, US-US product revenues fell, mainly as a result of product renewals and lower product sales. US-Men-As a single sales unit, higher than the price, was in a fast-disbursing period.
The US-plus-plus promotion and publicity have led to an increase in sales revenue from US-plus-plus. Bonida’s products are relatively high-end, relatively high-priced, corporate-developed state-owned, transparent acid injections, with 80% composite transparent acids and 20% microballs.
Irritation of new gel proteins in the skin, maintenance of a dynamic balance of subcoat proteins, filling effects that can last about 5 to 10 years. Only two microball content long-activities are currently used for facial fillings.
The advantage is that, after clinical applications in recent years, long-lived products are gradually accepted by the market, and the company ' s Bonida products are recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers, with demand steadily increasing. The Māori ratio of the  Puniida products has remained stable, with increased income mainly due to increased sales.
The main reasons for the decline in product sales are the fact that, in order to maintain the position of the high-end products in Bonida, sales unit prices are essentially the same as those of similar products abroad, which in some cases has affected the increase in sales; and the fact that companies have limited investment in marketing resources and less advertising and academic outreach.
Figure 51: Number of Bonida products sold in 2014-2019
The core technology of the Hive has been invented by the state and the main components of the product, in addition to the sodium transparent acid, have been added elements such as amino acids, vitamins b2 and l-mustium, which can stimulate the release of large amounts of glycol protein from fibrous cells, reduce or eliminate fine strips and tighten them.
Hi is an improved treatment product with a high frequency of consumption. Most end-users inject high body products one to three months after they are done. So high-body injections tend to be higher than other injecting transparent acid products, such as Effie products. After almost two years of market breeding,
Its safety and effectiveness are more rapidly recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers, and end-use demand has grown significantly, and customers are more sticky.  Effrey's products contain lysic composition, have a soothing effect, and have raised the consumer's bets.
The comfort of the shooting process and the high cost of the product have led to a rapid increase in income.
The company attaches great importance to the development of research and development personnel and provides incentives to sustain high levels of research and development inputs to lay the ground for products.
The ratio is 23%, 20% and 17%, respectively, for Wu Heischenko and Wah Hee-Chi. The ratio of research and development staff is more favourable.
The downside trend is mainly due to the fact that corporate revenues have increased too fast in recent years. In 2019, the company’s R & D fee “Movement-Knowledge” employee holding platform covered core technology and product personnel, with adequate incentives and robust incentives for those who contribute significant science and technology to project R & D.
All cadres have a strong professional background and extensive industry experience, well-established equity incentives and project incentive mechanisms that bind the interests of their employees to the long-term development of the company can significantly increase the motivation of the R & D staff.
• The company has a number of core technologies and continuously converts technological advantages into product advantages. The company has multiple components of model water gels, solid fluids for gradual interconnection, water, dense microball suspensions, tissue liquid imitation, straight water precision cutting, etc.
Core technologies, spearheaded by technological innovation, based on production, science, research, and medical integration research and development models, built biomedical materials product conversion platforms through the construction of new biodegradable materials in Beijing City Engineering Laboratory, through which technological strengths are gradually being translated into products.
The company ' s technological upgrading and innovation capabilities have continuously translated R & D advantages into income, with the sales of products from core technology R & D accounting for more than 90 per cent of the proceeds and a year-to-year trend.
The number and pace of competition with the industry are ahead, establishing and sustaining a firm’s technological leadership in the field of medical soft tissue restoration materials. As the domestic market for standardized medical beauty continues to expand, companies are expected to benefit significantly from certified products.
Figure 66: Medically transparent sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose condensation for all six products of the company.
Cfda registration. Sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel. Cfda registration.
Obtaining cfda registrations Direct sales are complemented by major distributions, and client outreach is well-developed marketing training systems and diversified marketing incentives.
The “top-to-top” employee holding platform, which covers core core sales cadres, can significantly mobilize the work of personnel Motivation, adequate equity incentives and project incentive mechanisms that place employee interests and company directors' labour costs at a growing proportion of sales costs.
The cost of labour is $17.65 million, $29.8 million and $45.68 million, respectively, representing a share of the cost of sales, which is 42 per cent, 48 per cent and 59 per cent. The increase in the labour cost of sales personnel as a proportion of the cost of sales is mainly due to the increased performance of corporate sales personnel.
The company’s marketing model is based on direct sales, supported by direct sales, and direct sales clients are dominated by non-public health-care institutions. Medico consumption is more important, non-public health-care institutions are the main providers of services, and sales of medical and aesthetic products depend on procurement decisions by non-public health-care institutions rather than doctors, and the main influence is the combination of products.
Regulations, safety, restoration effects, brand names, prices, and business partnerships with producers, etc. In end-of-life sales patterns, medically fine products are usually marketed through marketing activities to obtain high-quality customers, such as through advertising, search engine competitions, community sharing by medical apps, etc.
Diversified marketing attracts and maintains customers. Companies use a combination of direct sales and distribution as a marketing formula that captures high-quality customer resources and further widens market access and creates efficient and stable distribution networks.
Direct marketing models, which are mostly for company sales workers, cover larger customers, facilitate timely access to market information, accurately capture market demand, follow the pace of market change in product research and development, and increase corporate control over the market.
The distribution model covers mainly medical establishments that are not directly covered by the company ' s sales team, companies are strictly screening the distributors, and the purchase of products is typically done in a cash-to-sale manner. The company distribution model obtains a product registration certificate in December 2016.
The introduction of some new distributors to further improve market coverage for both products and transparent acid products for Wah Hee’s bio-skin and Wu Hae-sheng are mostly marketed. And the distribution income is higher than that of Emmett.
It has increased the expansion of the direct marketing of the end-market market for medical products. Wah Hee-Bio has adopted a combination of distribution and direct marketing, creating a professional medical market support team, setting up the Wah Hee College, conducting regular academic discussions, trainings, etc. for clinical doctors and patients, and so on.
Pyramid has set up an independent specialized marketing team for the brands of Pulina Sea Vine and Pyramid, which combines the model of direct distribution in hospitals with distributors to achieve intensive farming in priority regions and flag ship hospitals and wide coverage of the marketing channels and target markets.
Figure 76: Comparison of net interest rates for bouria enterprises Figure 78: Comparison of management costs for bouria enterprises . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The regional nature of corporate marketing is due to the fact that the economies of North, East, and South China are emerging from the regional nature of corporate product sales.
The higher level of development, the rapid growth of the market for medical beauty, the mature consumption of ideas, and the relative concentration of large-scale beauty-care institutions; and the stronger promotion of companies in the North, East and South China markets are expected to sink to three or four cities as the general public becomes more receptive to medical beauty consumption.
The national distribution of corporate sales revenue will be more evenly balanced, and the point of future growth will be the extension of product categories and applications to provide dynamic energy for sustained growth.
In May 2019, the company obtained a certificate for the registration of medical devices of the iii type for the polyoxycyclohexone surface, and for the first item, the facial line products approved by the National Drug Control Board.
The facial line is a new structure for a stable harmony based on the distribution of the skin's aging tattoos and dents. The serenatooth can produce a strong pull, extract the loose fats and muscles and fix them in place, and the face wrinkles become less tight; and the smooth line can stimulate vinyl.
Cytocyte activity, regenerate gels and felastic proteins, increase overall dermal metabolic rates, and tighten skin quality. The company is expected to obtain a product registration certificate in late 2020 for its products, and there are currently no approved products in the country, and it is expected to become a strong performance growth point in the future.
In September 2018, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Huons of Korea for the development of botulinum toxin products, which is now in the clinical stage, and which is expected to be a major driver of performance growth. In September 2018, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Huons for the production of a botulinum toxin in China, under which it agreed that huons
In order to authorize the import, registration and distribution within the Chinese region of a type A botulinum toxin product produced by Emmets, who will be responsible for clinical trials and applications for registration in the Chinese region, Huons will provide all the necessary technical information in their possession and will work to obtain a product registration certificate from the China Drug Enforcement Agency.
Currently, China has an oligopolistic market for botox. There are only three types of venom products that have been approved for listing through the National Drug Control Service, each of which is a botox produced by the American company Al Qaeda, which is expected to share the high growth dividend of the botox market when the company’s products are approved for listing in the future.
There is a great deal of potential for cosmetic urinary acid, and companies can mature in the use of transparent end-products at the cosmetic level, and consumers have a high degree of awareness that the products are wet-faced and fine liquid products. The application of transparent urinary acid in cosmetics starts with the sperm.
The global sales of transparent-acid end products at the cosmetic level have shown a moderate growth trend in recent years, reaching an average annual compound growth rate of 4.9% between 2016 and 2019. Market growth is expected to be positive in 2020.
The size of the transparent Acid cosmetics market could be increased to approximately $77.5 billion, and the market could grow to $10.15 billion in 2024, breaking the $100 billion mark.  The domestic transparent Acid cosmetics market maintained a high growth trend.
7.8% compared to developed countries, our consumption per capita of cosmetics, high-end consumption, and colored consumption is lower. As electricity channels and social media platforms rise in a variety of emerging marketing models, consumer insight into cosmetic composition is expected to lead to transparency-based acid content.
China’s transparent-acid cosmetics market size as a whole (the main products of China’s transparent-acid cosmetics market, by sales volume, are the wet-maintenance mask, the sperm and the lipstick)
Millions of dollars, up from 21.6% in 2015-2019, and 16.4% in 2020-2024. The current market is rich in wet mask products with transparent acid components, with a steady increase in overall sales, from low to high.
One of the enterprises, which has already introduced products such as the neck, eye and facial, has had a good market response. The main applications of the fine-coloured products containing transparent acids are the two sub-products, namely, semen and anaesthetic fluids, with a strong growth rate of 19.3% cagr in 2015-2019, which is expected to be transparent in the future.
More extensive applications in fine-finished products will further contribute to the market’s scale. In September 2020, the company landed on a deep-seated business board, releasing 30.2 million shares and raising funds, amounting to approximately $3.4 billion net, mainly for production line-II construction projects, medical materials, and genetic re-engineering proteins.
Projects such as drug research and development projects, marketing networks, etc. The completion of fund-raising projects will further expand the capacity of companies to produce, improve their R & D capabilities, promote marketing networks within companies, and improve their overall competitiveness and profitability.
Figure 91: Use of fund-raising to forecast the future of the company's medical products, in conjunction with the impact of the new crown epidemic and cost estimates, predicting a more competitive future of the future market environment for the diuretic products that are targeted at the efficacy of the restoration of the neck strips.
Well, at the fast-disbursing period, assuming relatively small changes in the unit price and cost of the Hive, the high end of the 2020-2022 Bonida position is the domestic lead for a long-lived urinary acid, with only one competition in the current market approved and the company ' s products expected to grow more robust in the future. Assuming a Māori rate of 2020-2022
In view of the intense competition in the market and the impact of the new crown epidemic, we assume that the rate of Māori is relatively stable, that Yumei has been selling for more than nine years since it was marketed in 2010, and that companies have responded to changing market demand.
By the end of 2016, we expect a downward trend in future U.S. and U.S. sales, which will gradually be replaced by U.S. and U.S., assuming that 2020-2022 is the face line for domestic first-time compliance, is now in the rollout phase, and is expected to grow in the future.
According to the offer, the company expects to obtain a certificate of registration for the iii class of mammoth products by the end of 2020. Given that the needle has a partial consumer base in the country, future sales are expected to yield revenue of $410,000 for facial beauty in the first half of 2020, a Māori rate of 72.3 per cent.
It is assumed that in the future the company ' s cosmetics products will grow gradually, with a Māori score of 2020-2022
Wu Haishenko, a company listed in beauty makeup, Perleya, and the Royal Government, which send four companies as comparable companies.  We have chosen the pe-comparison company valuation method to value the company, taking into account that: 1) the company’s performance in 2020 was pressured by the impact of the new crown epidemic, and therefore the projected net profit for 2021 is selected as a reference in this report;2)
The company is the leader of the national product, the U.S.E.S.A. terminal, and the value added of the T.A.C. terminal is higher than the transparent Q.S.A. material. From the product line, the high market has worked, is in an accelerated release period, the tightness of this year has gradually contributed to the income, the thin-faced needles are expected to move to the market in 2021, and the new products are on the rise.
The market rate of the net profit of the mother, the premium for the American customer, is 73 times greater, and the forecast of the head of the listed company is based on optimistic assumptions such as the continued high growth of the industry, the smooth expansion of the company's market, and the gradual increase in the penetration rate of the product, if the market penetration of the stock product slows down and the new product does not go as far as expected.
This could lead to a lower-than-projected growth in corporate sales earnings. Increased competition in the diamond urinate market could lead to a lower risk of net interest rates: the medical beauty industry has a high climate, the bouric acid product has a better profit margin, and more producers could enter the bouria product industry, which could affect the company.
The impact of the epidemic may not restore demand downstream as expected: although the domestic epidemic is in a state-of-the-art prevention phase, the treatment of major health institutions has not yet been fully restored, and American-American consumption attributes are higher than rigid disease treatment, if any.
There is a relatively single risk to the marketing of corporate products due to the unexpected recovery of consultations in downstream medical and American medical institutions: the company has focused on soft tissue restoration materials for the last three years, with proceeds from sales of products related to transparent sodium acid injections such as Eve Ley, Bonida, Hirsch, etc., receiving revenue from the main business.
If there is an abnormal wave of production, marketing, market conditions, etc., of existing products, it will have a greater impact on the company’s performance. Clients explore the risks: the number of cooperating clients increases rapidly as the company’s product becomes more visible and recognized.
In addition, companies may be exposed to risks such as bad debt preparation if there are other reasons for poor business among downstream customers. Risks of new product development and registration: long, difficult, multi-point, heavy R & D investment. In addition, products are subject to approval by the National Drug Control Service.
Listing takes place only after approval, and without approval, no positive impact on performance. Distribution model risk: a company uses “direct marketing as an aid” sales method, with the increase in the number of distributors making training management more difficult if the distributors are mismanaged.
The risk of a change in tax incentives: the company currently has a 15% tax on income tax as a high-technology enterprise, and also enjoys tax benefits, such as tax deductions, before taxes on research and development costs.
Changes in regulatory policies, or failure to meet the relevant preferential conditions in the course of a company's continuing operation, may result in an increase in the company's tax burden, which would result in adverse future performance and cash flow levels of the company, and then an average of the final rating to be calculated as an average market investment. ]