• The investment logic: the company, as the country's first brand of urogenic acid, has a significant advantage and fully benefited from it.
The industrial dividend of the boom in the domestic market for medicine and beauty. The company’s large marketed monoliths drive rapid growth, and it is expected that the pipeline will add more weight to the strains; and that the country’s leading medical and aesthetic industry will be built on the advantage of differentiating production, forward-looking product lines, and high direct sales ratios.
According to the analysis and projections of Iresian, China’s health-care beauty market was close to 200 billion yuan in 2020, compared to the increase in the repurchase rate, which will boost the market’s size.
The share of bouria and botox in injection projects is close to 67% and 33%, respectively. The overseas brand share of the market is more than 70%, the country ' s product tag growth rate is 32.2% in 2016-2018, and the share of future national production is expected to continue to rise, with leading enterprises due to technology, qualifications, channels.
The main products of the Division include the bouria filler Ave, the Hive, the Bonida, the Mimei plus one, the Love Fair, and the Fumio, which is a two-year average of a core product, creating a differentiated competitive advantage.
In 2019, the only medical device of the iii type in the country to be repaired by the wrinkled neck was sold in excess of $2 billion (+57%); in 2019, a 100% increase in the speedier release of Bonida after two years of market development; and in the competitive pattern of the new facial traps.
Long, in 2019, the company achieved income of $558 million (+73.7%), resulting in a net profit of $306 million from the mother’s rapid progress in research and development projects, with the prospect of re-creation of the country’s heavy-pound products, such as puppies, injections of botulinum toxins, etc. The company’s forward-looking medical research and development pipeline, which is working on five products, is moving fast.
Rapidly and for a long time, it has now entered the registration declaration phase; the bottox project has entered the clinical trial phase, which is expected to open up space in the second largest project market for light medicine; and the gene restructuring of protein drugs, which are positioned in a large, fat-deficit market and are expected to add new growth points.
Taking into account the rapid expansion of the domestic medical and beauty sector, the competitive market of the company's products is strong, and the outlook for the product is wide, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
1.1. Development journeys: Focus on the medical market, creating the first brand of the national product of the urinary acid filler Ames is an innovative and leading company in the field of biomedical soft tissue restoration materials in the country, and currently listed products include 5 sodium translucent acid injections (Jummy, Bonida, Effé/Emme Fie, Hi, Jummy One plus 1) and 1
The coating of the face of dioxycyclohexone (close love) is mainly for facial and neck wrinkled skin restoration. The polydioxyhydrazine-heptone face implantation products are implanted by trained doctors in the subcutaneous fat layer to support shallow fats, thus improving the wrinkledness of the nose. The company’s products satisfy a number of market segments in terms of formula composition, injection location, injection experience, etc.
The company was set up in 2004 to complete the re-engineering of the stock system in 2016, and as the lead agency for the 13th and 5th national priority R & D plan, with a focus on research and development for new, soft-faced and hard-to-repair materials.
The company, which has developed over a decade, has become the country’s first brand of urinary acid. Figure 1: Corporate development history
The company holds 38% of the shares and the equity structure is stablely concentrated. After this public release, the company’s controlling shareholders, Ms. Jan Jun, the de facto controller, held 30.96% of the company’s shares directly, and, indirectly, 7.04% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly through the Danish investment, the customer-oriented investment and the knowledge of the company’s investments, thus holding 38% of the company’s shares directly or indirectly.
The major shareholder, Jane Yong, is Ms. Jane Jun's brother, director of the company and secretary of the board of directors. 1.2. Performance overview: strong growth in revenue collection and net profit, sustained increase in profit margins. Strong growth in corporate business income, with more than 95% contribution from boulic acid filler products.
Gross revenue continued to grow at a rapid rate of $558 million in 2019, an increase of 73.74 per cent in the same year, and to reach $242 million in the first half of 2020, which remained positive even if affected by the epidemic. Corporate income is now mainly derived from the injection of transparent sodium sodium acid products, which account for more than 95 per cent of the income; new products have been put on the market in May 2019 (closely), and new products have been added to the surface.
In terms of the composition of the main battalion's operations, “Hi” and “Effie” earned 43.50 per cent and 39.27 per cent respectively in 2019. Among them, “Hit” was the first in the country and the only adaptive was a product of transparent sodium acid injected for neck strip restoration, which is more competitive in the market; and “Effie” was the first in the country to inject a transparent sodium sodium sodium acid with lidocaine.
In terms of the Māori composition of the main business, Māori accounted for 43.69 per cent and 38.27 per cent of the Māori share of the “Him” and “Eves,” respectively, in 2019. The net profit of the company grew at a high rate and the level of net profit continued to rise.
Net profits grew by 14.59% over the same period, significantly higher than the increase in income. The Māori rate for corporate products was higher and should continue to rise, benefiting from the economies of scale, while the cost rate gradually fell and the net interest rate on sales continued to rise, rising to figure 8 in the first half of 2020: Māori rates and net interest rate on companies.
The Chinese market for medical beauty was close to 200 billion yuan in 2020. According to the International Society of Orthopaedic beauty Medicine, the global medical industry is a global doctor.
The number of therapeutic beauty services has increased from 14.778 million in 2011 to 23.395 million in 2017, with an average annual compound increase of 8.04 per cent, which is a steady development. The domestic market for medical beauty services is showing a fast-growing trend, and according to Irey ' s consulting statistics and projections, the size of China ' s health-care beauty market in 2020 was about 1975 billion yuan, an increase of 11.6 per cent.
In 2023, the market was expected to be 311.5 billion yuan, with a higher rate of market acceptance for non-surgery plastics and a trend towards light medicine. Medical beauty is defined as the appearance of humans and parts of the human body using surgery, drugs, medical devices and other traumatic or invasive medical techniques.
(b) The non-surgery category consists mainly of injection, laser and ultrasound therapy, small trauma, low risk, low unit cost, but limited duration.
It takes some time to consume again to maintain the effect. Some projects have higher prices, higher traumas, lower recovery cycle prices, less risk, less trauma, faster recovery, fine-tune, longer, high risk, permanent, more effective, low repurchase rates are time-limited and high repurchase rates are high
As a result, non-surgery orthopaedics have higher market acceptance and repurchase rates. As a result of high prices, the overall market is relatively large, but the rate of growth of non-surgery items is faster and the market is rising year by year.
Due to good bioorganic compatibility, long periods of degradation in the body, and good plastic filling, urephalic acid has been replaced by other fillings, such as glyph protein, which have become mainstream soft tissue filling materials and have been widely applied in various orthopaedic areas. According to the new Oxygen data, the Injection Project in the country in 2019 accounted for 57.04 per cent of the therapeutic beauty treatment; the pyroacid injection in this case took place.
Artificial injection of urinary acid can be used to keep the humid, remove wrinkles and modulate the face, the main differences in the product are the combination technique, distribution ratio, maintenance time, molecular weight, etc. Transparency acid is a highly molecular sticky sugar that is widely used as a biomedical material that can be used for artificial injections of transparent acid with its elasticity and plastic function, while at the same time achieving water recharge and wetting.
Elimination of wrinkles and modifier effects. There are a number of types of transparent acid fillings in the market, which vary mainly from the following: 1) conjunctural techniques: single-combined urinary acids are better supported, plastics are more durable, sticky, usually used in plastics, noses and chins, face lifts, deep wrinkles, legal stripes, etc.
Good viscosity, high elasticity, spreadability, etc., suitable for injection of nasal ditches, tear ditches, lips, etc. (2) Factor ratio: higher purity of urinary acid in a single urinary acid injection product, product effectiveness, i.e., effects of urinary acid itself, composite urinary acid maintenance time: short-lived urinary acid injection products are generally metabolized for six months to one year, injected more frequently, and injected more frequently.
Injection can last one to three years. (4) Molecular size: Big molecules have the effect of filling the urinary acid, which is mainly used in plastic surgery such as titular hips, snout jaws, etc., in deep tissues; Middle molecules, which are commonly used to remove wrinkles, where injections are usually in tear ditches, lips and wrinkled scaffolds, and where fillings are also deep tissues;
Molecular urinary acid is used mainly for full-face cortex injection, to supplement the missing moisture in the cortex, and to repair the damaged skin to keep the skin wet. Botox is a neurotoxin, usually used for wrinkles and thin-faced skins, with tight domestic controls.
Fatal botulinum bacterial toxins, which, by disrupting the release of acetyl choline, prevent myomatic fibres from contracting to relax their muscles. Botox was used to treat facial muscle spasms and other muscle motor disorders, which began to be applied to medical beauty in the 1980s, with thin-faced, sculpted legs, etc., and was called "Light-face needles."
In July 2008, the National Food and Drug Supervisory Authority issued a circular on the inclusion of a type A botulinum toxin in the management of toxic drugs, which formally lists botulinum toxins as toxic drugs, subject to strict control from sale to use.
Procuring agents from a designated distributor of botulinum toxins. Despite strict regulation, the market demand for botulinum toxins has been strong, with the highest rate of increase in injection-type items, according to the new Oxygen data, at 90.56% in 2019.
Pdb sample hospital statistics show that China ' s total sales of botulinum bacterium a toxin in 2019 amounted to about 176 million yuan, compared with 27% in Cagr in 2012-2019. In 2019, Eljian ' s meat and toxin products were well secured for global sales of 3,791 million dollars and sales in China amounted to about 113 million yuan.
The level, the continued release of demand for medical and American consumption, and the education of botulinum toxins in the market, the approval of new products and new adaptive disorders, we expect that the botulinum market will continue to have extensive development space. 2.2. Increased penetration and repurchase rates will boost the expansion of the domestic market for medicine and beauty.
The country’s health-care acceptance has improved, and there is still much room for greater penetration of health-care consumption than in developed countries. With the upgrading of medical products and equipment, and the spread of medical knowledge, the Chinese population’s perception of plastic beauty is changing towards a positive attitude, with 36.9% of respondents in 2018, according to data from the New Oxygen Big Survey and Irei Consulting.
U.S. penetration has been rising from 1.5% to 3.6%, but there is still a larger gap than in the world’s major countries – about one third in Japan, one in five in the United States, one in six in Korea, and 14.8 in China, far below the U.S., Brazil, South Korea, and so on. We believe that with China’s rising socio-economic levels, the development of the health-care sector has converged in the developed world.
Low-line cities and post-90 consumers promote an increase in domestic health-care penetration rates. From the urban distribution: first-line cities like Beijing, Shanghai, and other cities have been affected by head-to-head medical institutions, doctors gathering, and medical knowledge.
Universal access, and higher levels of and acceptance of health-care consumption, is even close to the level of developed countries like Korea and the United States. In low-line cities, the penetration rate is relatively low, consultations on health-care projects are high, but consumption is low, and consumption is low.
In view of the fact that consumers in low-line cities actually account for a higher share, we believe that, in the future, as consumers in low-line cities become more aware, the market for medical institutions is sinking and regulation is developing, and the penetration rate in low-line cities is expected to rise, driving the consumer-market rules for health care.
Figure 20: Healthcare and American consumption penetration rates in different line cities in China in 2018, in terms of population distribution: after 90, the main forces have increased their input and contributed to the long-term growth of the industry. Medical and beauty-care consumption is still in import, and the consumer population is generally younger.
The following consumers account for nearly 40% of consumers and over 70% of consumers under 35 years of age. Consumers aged 18-30 focus on facial contemplation, 5 officials adjust, 30-40 years focus on facial upgrading and physical plasticization, 40 years of age and over focus on combating aging. Overall, with age growth, health-care consumption is more willing and committed, with women reaching an average of 35 years of age.
We believe that medical consumers in the new era, born in 1990 and beyond, as the leading consumer of medicine, will boost the spread of health-care consumption and the expansion of markets. 6.5k represents an annual average of US consumption peaks.
According to a new Oxygen-to-China consumer survey, there was a high rate of repurchase by light-medical consumers, with 92% per capita repurchase of Noxy platforms in 2017 and 3-6 months of repurchases. At the end of the month, the repurchase of bouria increased to 4.1 units/persons.
Figure 24: New Oxygen App Platform decision-making cycle for medical and American consumption 2.3. Country brands rise rapidly, domestic head companies have a pre-emptive advantage. Technical barriers to urinate fillers and qualification thresholds are high, with overseas brands occupying more than 70% of the market.
It was not until the beginning of the twenty-first century that we were able to achieve a scale production of boulic acid material, which was extracted from cattle eyes in 1934, and the first domestic urinary acid filler (sweetly) introduced in 2009 by American-Americans. As a result, the market for bovine urea continues to be dominated by foreign brands, with only a small number of early marketed Americians, Wah-hee Biology, Hydranics and Halo.
In terms of sales volume, the country’s three largest firms accounted for 12.5% of sales in 2018. However, abroad, products have a higher unit price and a greater profit margin based on technology, branding, and channels. In terms of sales revenue, the top four manufacturers are all overseas brands, accounting for more than 70% of the market, and the market for Americuric Acid is 8.6%.
Nationally produced urinary acid fillers have increased at a rate of 32%, accelerating national substitution. In recent years, medical beauty urinate fillers have increased in the local product category, and according to frost&sullivan data, the combined revenue from the sale of national product plates in 2016-2018 has increased by 32.2%, which is higher than the 18.7% of imported brands during the same period, while the market share of major national urinary acid brands has been increasing.
From 20.5% to 22.4%, we believe that the trend of national production as a substitute for imports will continue with the upgrading of national production technology and production capacity, while domestic production head enterprises will continue to raise market shares through pre-emptive advantage in the national production replacement tide. Competition in the meat-toxin injection market has eased, with potential release opportunities for new products on the market.
Our country is the third country after the United States and the United Kingdom to be able to produce a type-a botulinum toxin. Due to the high toxicity of the botulinum toxin, our approval is very rigorous, and the only meat toxin product approved in the country prior to this year was the US, Al Jianxian.
In June 2020, pesen’s production of dysport was approved for listing by nmpa, increasing the number of officially listed a-type toxin products in the country to three, breaking the long-term pattern of the domestic meat and toxin market.
In addition, foreign firms, which are agents of manufacturers such as América, Four Rings, and Restar Medicine, are also gaining approval for new meat-toxin products and expanding new adaptive conditions. In July 2015, Wah Hee-Biology announced a strategic collaboration with the Korean Biotech company metytox.inc to work together to develop and expand the Chinese market for injected a type of meat-toxin.
In the future, the variety of botulinums for medical injections will be enriched and effectively complement existing products, but the market will be more competitive, and for manufacturers of end-products such as Emmett and Wah-hee, the variety will undoubtedly be approved as yet another pound product that will take advantage of the market position of light medicine.
3. Business analysis: Prouretic acid captures high-end national production, with a long-term prospect of heavy-pound varieties.
Lack of varieties and continuous overlaps maintain a competitive advantage. On the one hand, high body, tightness, etc., are the country’s top priorities, taking advantage of the country’s scarce urban track, and, on the other hand, companies continue to invest in research and development, offering an average of one new product every two years, keeping the product up to date, and ensuring long-term sustainability of the company.
3.1.1. Marketed product lines, big urinary acids and facial wires occupy scarce national production lanes 3.1.1. Polyurinary acids: multi-product competition, big monolithic advantages such as Hi, Bonida, etc. (1) Hi: currently the only urinary acid in the country to be repaired with a cervix, which received 240 million in the third year of the market
"Hi" was approved in 2016, and was officially marketed in the first half of 2017, using dry-circle corrosion, biotechnologies, amino acids, muscles, vitamins, etc., in which various amino acid ancillary organisms themselves formed fibres, large amounts of gel protein were emitted from their cells, and the l-septic components were effectively resistant to free radical damage in the skin environment, reconstructed.
Plasma fibre structures are protective; vitamin composition supports the fibrosis of platinum proteins, resulting in a young and healthy skin through a triple-polymer synthesis of platinum proteins, vinyl fibre generation and re-established vinyl fibres, resulting in the formation of gel fibres and the restoration of real cortex capacity and elasticity.
Figure 28: The principles of high body product functioning, "hidden body" is used mainly for skin cortex injection to correct the heavy wrinkles in the neck. In clinical practical application, most end-users are selected one to three months after the high body injection.
“Hitty” has become more visible since it has been marketed, and its safety and effectiveness have been fostered in recent years with the approval of downstream health-care institutions and end consumers, and the demand for end-use has increased dramatically.
The number of collaborating institutions has reached 2,000, and the number of users has reached 2 million. 2020h1 has contributed $143 million in income, which is the same level as the Māori rate of growth. For example, in the case of i’s seafood products and ran’s products, the combined income of both products is lower than the Māori rate.
Given that medical equipment will take at least three to five years to be approved, we expect that the product will remain competitive in the short term and that the future income of the Hive will continue to grow faster.
In June 2020, the company released its latest product, the "Hippy Panda Panda" and the "Panda Pistol" was a breeding-type active filling agent with a panda double-filling product.
The introduction of the Panda needles has extended the application of the Hive series to the eye week, based on an eye week wrinkled program offered by Wimnet, which is associated with "Hip 1.5 (repair of the skin barrier)" and "Hip."
2.5 (Reproductive nutrient filling in the skin of the real cortex) is capable of creating deep synergy in the treatment of tear-gas ditches and eye bags, which, when marketed, will help to further raise the sales level of the whole series. (2) Bonida: long-acting urinary acid injection, location of high-end markets
Bonida was medically used for ha-hpmc gels with pva microballs, and obtained in 2012 an iii-type medical instrumentation certificate, one of only two cdfa-approved products containing microball compositions. The other is Ebeves of the Dutch Hanford creature, which is also a ii-grade medical device and was approved in 2012, with the difference being that its components are mainly pyroton proteins and microballs.
The pva microballs are used in the angioplasty surgery to open internal links after 5 to 10 years to ensure persistence and natural degradation of the human body, and to be safe and reliable. Bonida innovatively combines urinary acid with its leading pva patent components, with the function of maintaining skin elasticity, locking water molecules, and making muscles.
“Pounida” is located at a relatively high end, so market promotion takes time to accumulate. The long-lived products are gradually accepted by the market, and after many years of market development and promotion, Bonida is gradually receiving downstream medical treatment.
The contribution of $18 million, or 7.60 per cent of total operating income, was 39 per cent lower than the previous year, largely due to the temporary impact of the epidemic. Moreover, the “Pounida” product has a high Māori rate, which has been maintained since 2016 in figure 33: Bānida Māori rate
Face-laying: Formal products are scarce and the market is competitive. In May 2019, the company was granted “close love” of the face-laying line, the first domestic face-laying line-laying product.
The implantation of subsurface fat into the skin in a linear or interwoven form, and the creation of a tension with the surrounding bonding tissue, which gives the skin soft tissue a tight effect that corrects the skin wrinkles and improves the skin state. The product uses polydioxycyclohexone (ppdo) as a raw material, with very superior biological compatibility, organisms, etc.
The formal products of the face-laying market are scarce, and the company’s products are expected to take up their share of the market quickly. Currently, the market for the products is marketed only for “close” and Korean biomints. The difference is that mints have only one.
Line type, application is relatively limited, while “closeness” has three linear types, including smooth lines, spiral wires, short-saw gears, which meet the needs of households with tight skin, tight-faced, fine biting and skin uplifting, respectively. “closeness” can be applied in conjunction with other surgeries, non-surgery rejuvenation techniques, and stratification can address structural ageing issues.
Question. Given the current relatively limited number of approved products for facial implants, we expect the tightness to win some approval dividends over the next few years and to have the opportunity to prioritize consumer awareness education. 3.2. Rapid progress in research and development is expected to lead to the introduction of a large number of heavy-pound products
The company's research and development products include, inter alia, injection of a type of botulinum toxin, transparent acids with modifier microballs for left-wing ecstasy, sodium gels, polythrin-methyl-lugrate polygels, medical biorepairs, and genetically recombined proteins. In the future, the market will change the pattern of companies' income dependence on boulic acid products, capture the market share of more sub-sub-sectors in the medical beauty industry, and build up a new product.
3.2.1. Coat needles: long-acting urinary acid with modifier plla, which is expected to be approved for the first iii class medical certificate in the country, which is being studied as a transparent sodium sodium acid gel with polyplaic acid (plla) microballs for the restoration of wrinkled skin,
Filling in the dents and re-elasticizing the aging skin by stimulating the regeneration of the human osteoporosis have the effect of tightening, increasing the elasticity, and improving wrinkles. The polylectic acid contained in the product is a new, rapidly developing, highly decompressable material in the 1990s. It is condensed by a monolithic acid, which can be sequestered by non-enzyme water in the human body.
Slow degradation to emulsion, ultimately to carbon dioxide and water, and high safety. Left cyclic acid, as an injection material for beauty, can stimulate subcutaneous gel protein growth and, over time, thicken the real cortex, completely replaces the filling with a new self-organic tissue, which restores the elasticity of the skin.
According to the competition, there are currently no approved products in the domestic market for medical devices of the iii type containing polyleft emulsions, mostly of i-, ii-, or even cosmetics, as well as uncertified products that are hypocritical.
Similar products in the current market are polyculacid urinate fillings, most of which are mixed frozen dry products with transparent acids or thiomersal cellulose, which need to be mixed with water before being used, and which may be used if the mix is not sufficiently evenly distributed, with needle blockage and the after-inject filling effect not immediately apparent. In the future, the company’s products will be marketed successfully, with the expectation that they will become the first item.
Certificated iii-type medical equipment products open the market quickly with qualification advantages. According to the company ' s offer statement, the product is currently in the registration stage and is expected to obtain a product registration certificate by the end of 2020. 3.2.2. Injection with a type-a bottox: the technology threshold is high, and new items are expected to take up market shares.
In September 2018, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Korean company Huons, which is responsible for clinical trials, registration applications, and import and distribution of the product in the Chinese district. The product was sold by the sole agent for 10 years. The clinical trial was officially implemented in 2019, with a total planned investment of 120 million yuan.
The distribution of a botox product hutox was certified in Korea in April 2019. Therefore, we believe that the company product is expected to succeed in 2023-2024 according to the iii medical device certification time of 3-5 years. In addition, a number of domestic enterprises have partnered with overseas brands to develop injecting botox products, but given botulinum botulinum,
As the second largest project in light medicine, the domestic meat market is also growing rapidly, and there are now better competitions in the market, and new entrants still face good opportunities for development. For pharmaceutical companies such as quadruple pharmaceuticals, Chinese medicine, sophisticated medicine, etc., American-Americans have a natural advantage in marketing as indigenous dragons in the field of good medicine.
Therefore, we believe that the future market for new company products, botox, is expected to be accelerated by the company’s strong medical and aesthetic marketing channels and brand influence. 3.2.3. Genetically reorganised proteins: the huge market for dietary weights is expected to add new growth points
In 2014, Nord and Nord used glp-1 analogues to treat type 2 diabetes to expand their adaptive conditions to obesity, and Nord and Nord announced in November 2017 that they would start reducing the sugar drug Somalupe.
In November of that year, a holding company, the Norbot Organism, was set up, and a core research and development developer, Dr. Huang Chinhing, was introduced to work in several medical centres, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Beijingno and Nord pharmaceutical companies with extensive experience in the diabetic biomedical industry.
In the pre-clinical sample, a clinical declaration of the safety of the animals is expected in 2020. This research and development project has a 76-month construction cycle. The country has a huge market for weight loss, and thin fibres are one of the main projects for non-surgery medical beauty.
The prevalence of obesity and overweight has risen faster in the country, and between 1992 and 2015, according to data from the National Commission for the Care and Care of the Population and the National Survey of Nutritional Health, the national prevalence of overweight among adults aged 18 and over rose from 13 per cent to 30 per cent, and the obesity rate from 3 per cent to 12 per cent.The Global Adult Weight Survey, published in the Lancet Medical Journal in 2016, shows that the obese population in China is obese.
The market for diabetes drugs has continued to grow at a faster pace, but the market for diets and heavy drugs is still relatively empty, and there are currently no medicines approved for obesity in China. Given the rapid rise in the prevalence of diabetes, obesity, etc., people’s health awareness is growing, and there is a high demand for diets and weights.
According to the company’s equity statement, the company proposes to raise $304 million for “genetic re-protein research and development” and $160 million for “building a genetic re-protein research and development base” for post-partum production.
Billion dollars; 13,357 million annual products are expected to be produced at full capacity, corresponding to sales revenues of $548 million. 4. Corporate comparison: Emmes vs. Wah-hee Biology Vs.
In general, all three companies are involved in transparent quality acids, and their products are listed by their customers and are concentrated on research lines in medical terminals. Three major categories of business include transparent quality acid materials, medical end products, functional skin protection products, and the income from raw materials and functional skin protection products is about 40% and 34%, respectively.
In 2019, American-American products received $558 million, which is more than Wah Hee Biology and Xiao Hai Seen, in terms of medical end-products.
Fig. 38: In 2019, Wah Hee-Bing made a comparison of business income, and on the medically fine line, the Amer-America product was first placed in the market for urinary acid fillers, product price coverage in medium and high end markets, adaptive coverage and neck repair. Wah Hee-Ber was first introduced in 2009 to the market for urinary acid fillers.
Having a series of `upgrading' and `upgrading', with product positioning moving up to the top, and relying on upstream transparent acid material for manufacture, has a certain cost advantage. Pyrotechnics have three brands, pricing is rising, and the adaptive system is a nasal ravine. 4.2. Financial analysis: the fastest-growing rate of harvests in the America camps, with the highest Māori rate versus the net interest rate.
In terms of corporate gross income and net profits, the main business of Americian is relatively simple, with smaller but fastest increases in revenue and net profits; in 2019, the growth rate was 73.74%, and the net return was 148.68%.
In terms of end-product income, Emerica's income is the largest and the fastest growing.
In terms of net cash flow, the net cash flow of Emmets has increased year by year, and in 2019 it was close to Wah Hee-Bing, the Quantico Sea. In terms of the cash flow ratio, in 2019, the cash flow of Ameris was business cash.
Better, mainly in connection with the sales patterns of Emmett, the company has a direct sale of non-public health care facilities, with the highest contract rate and net interest rate. In 2017-2019, the combined Māori rate of Ameris continued to rise and was consistently higher than that of Wah Xi Biology and Xiaohai. There is a clear high level of Māori, mainly due to the focus on American-American end-products.
The ratio is higher than 90% for all Wah-hee organisms (injection of sodium transparent acid gel) and Wu Hei-Sheng (polymic acid), and more than 90% for each of the five urinary acid fillers in 2019 for each of the three companies.
Interest rate 92.63%. With higher Māori product sales, product prices have stabilized, while production costs have declined as a result of the expansion of production size and lower prices of raw materials, and the Māori rate has continued to rise.
The cost of sales in undergraduate studies is 77 million yuan, 521 million yuan, and the cost of sales is 13.8 per cent, 27.7 per cent and 33.9 per cent, respectively, and the cost of selling in the United States is much lower, mainly because of differences in product structure, marketing patterns and client groups.
The highest percentage of direct sales is in favour of American-Americans. For the sale of American-American end-products, all three companies use a combination of direct sales and distribution. American-American sales are supported by direct sales, with 64% (2019) of direct sales, which is the highest.
Non-public health institutions contribute 99.5% of their income under the direct sales model. For non-public medical institutions, contracts are generally contracted to deliver goods, and for customers with longer working hours, the settlement cycle is usually paid.
Compliments-type products. Emmett’s sales model is more conducive to price control, as well as to the establishment of deep end-to-end partnerships and the strengthening of channels and goods.
In the form of direct marketing models, companies are more involved in the marketing and end-of-life marketing of the products of medical beauty institutions and in the construction of end-of-life consumers.
Brands, while well-positioned in high-quality customer resources, further expand market access and create efficient and stable distribution networks. At the same time, when direct sales patterns are high, disruptions in distribution prices can be avoided as much as possible, to the benefit of companies’ control over end prices and to maintain high levels of profitability.
At present, the Americian Sales Network covers the entire country, covering 1503 terminal customers by the end of 2019. According to the 2020 White Paper on Insights in China’s Medical Beauty Industry, published by Ire, there were approximately 13,000 institutions with medical beauty profiles in 2019. On this basis, the company’s end-user coverage is estimated at 11.6%, and there is still much room for expansion in the future.
4.4. Research and development (R & D) projects: Empresus has the highest cost of R & D, Botox, Cotoxin is expected to push the country again, and Empresus has the highest cost of R & D. Product renewal is an important support for the company’s long-term sustainable development.
The cost of R&D in the biology and sea sciences is 48.5 million yuan, 93.89 million yuan and 116 million yuan, respectively, compared to 44.2 per cent, 77.6 per cent and 21.7 per cent, respectively, with the highest R&D rates; R&D rates are decreasing year by year, mainly due to the rapid and increasing rate of harvests.
The Amerian R & D pipeline continues to focus on medical end-products, and five are currently mainly research products, with high demand from markets for products such as a type-a bottox, “baby needles” and better competitive patterns and promise to become a medical-American market.
New heavy weight products. The development and roll-out of new products will support a sustained and faster growth in corporate performance, with the only products currently approved by the National Pharmacy Authority dedicated to the restoration of neck wrinkles, with a strong market demand and a fast-growing product. It is assumed that sales will grow by 55/65/55/55 per cent in 2020-2022, respectively;
“Bonida” is a long-acting compound urinary acid filler, and the market is competitive and is expected to grow steadily in the future, with successive declines in revenues, mainly as a result of the company's introduction in 17 years of its upgraded series of products, the “Emi-Flying” market in 2019, which is in the product extension phase and is expected to grow faster, with prices running from the plant.
7. The “close love” was certified in May 2019 as the country's premier nmpa, which is the only product currently approved in the market and the mint under the Korean school flag, and the company's output is expected to rise faster, assuming that the revenue score for 2020-2022 is based on the comparable company Wah Hee-Bio and Wu Hau's science, and the value of the American-American values is relatively high.
For the new stock, on the other hand, companies are focusing more on the medical sector, building a strong competitive advantage, and are expected to continue to roll out a number of heavy-pound products that will contribute to rapid growth in corporate performance. Companies are home-grown leaders of transparent, acid-based medical end-products, and marketed products form a rich and differentiated product line.
It is expected to remain scarce in the coming years, and to continue to promote new product lines, increasing the scale of sales and brand visibility. At the end of the study, it is expected that the products will be marketed over the next few years, and that they will become a heavy-pound species that will drive rapid growth, and that the lean products will be expected to build new performance growth points in the future.
Given that a company, as a leader in the country’s light medicine industry, creates barriers in terms of technology, brands, channels, etc., and fully benefits from the industrial dividends of the boom in the medical and aesthetic sector, listed products and research lines will push firms’ performance up fast. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “buy-in” rating.
1) R & D is not as fast as expected. Research on botulinum and recombinant protein drugs is expected to be the driving force behind the company’s long-term growth, but there may be risks of product failure or less advanced R & D than expected; 2) market diffusion risks are not as high as expected. The market for botulinum urinates is becoming more competitive and new products are likely to be marketed in the future.
Barriers, there is a risk that the new product will not be as popular as expected. 3) The risk of a medical beauty orthopaedic accident. Due to the lack of good medical orthopaedic institutions, a medical beauty orthopaedic accident may lead to industrial rehabilitation and a blow to consumer confidence, leading to a decline in industry growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board