A light doctor's dragon in the "gold track" of the era is in the "gold track" where barriers are increasing rapidly in highly profitable industries with high entry barriers, high profitability, and difficult medical products, long research and development time, first getting a breakdown.
In addition, Chinese medical-American penetration rates have been rising year by year, while non-surgery-based doctors, represented by urinary acid injections, are characterized by high consumption frequency and high repurchase rates, and end-users need regular injections to maintain the expected repair effects.
By 2020, the country’s medical and American market is expected to reach $315 billion, and by 2022, the domestic market for light medicine and America is expected to exceed $12 billion.
In 2009, the company launched six types of products over a 10-year period, with a multiplicity of products as a domestic lead, reflecting the company’s innovative research and development and its managerial excellence in strategic planning, and the subsequent creation of high-profile, high-profile products such as Affete, Hive, etc.
The company’s ability to produce, sell, and strategic layout is continuous and expected to continue to be validated. The rich product matrix + enhanced marketing and firm’s future performance are more certain.
Companies are working on products such as masonry needles, botulinum toxins, and replastic biopharmaceuticals, in which they have an exclusive market advantage as the country’s first certified iii-type medical instrument products. They focus on branding and medical cooperation, creating marketing systems supported by direct marketing, which helps to strengthen flatten management, with significant synergistic spillovers.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It is expected that clinical research will take about four years, based on the progress of the equity fund-raising project. The company is expected to build on the current “track” of the neck-filled owners to build further business plates for weight-loss management.
With a clear corporate strategy and a steady expansion of new products around the neck in the field of “light medicine”, product lines and productive capacity reserves, we appreciate the company's potential for growth in the era of the face economy, with the company expected to realize a net return profit of 415 million bits in 20/21/22 and a future product line layout, with an estimated premium, a first coverage, and a “recommended” rating.
Product competition increases risks; product R & D is not as fast as expected. First, why is it high? Why is it Elmer? (i) Why is it high?
Hives (combined solution with transparent sodium acid) are the obvious effects of home-grown headlines for neck-twixt restoration, released by Emmets at the end of 2016. High safety causes quickly burst all over the net, becoming a “liquid ultrasound knife” against wrinkles. The reason the Hives burst all over the net is, we believe, mainly because of product differentiation and market marketing of “swans' necks”.
On the demand side, the marketing of the “swan's neck” has led women to focus on neck stripes. The skin is thin on the neck, the fat is thin, the support is weak, the neck stripes are easy to appear, and the neck stripes are static, and when they appear, they are thick and thick, they are easy to grow older, becoming one of the main problems of the young women of our time. Since 2016, with the marketing of female stars, such as Liu Xi, Ni, and the whole net of the necks and "A neck strip."
The old five-year-old argument appeared, and young women began to extend their attention from the “face” to the “circle”, replacing the “beautiful face” as the second curve in the growth of the medical market. According to the 100-degree index, the search index for the “how the neck is removed” in the search engine grew rapidly, nearly doubling from 2014, and in 2019, as consumer education matured and flowed.
At the supply end, the difference in professional positioning of the Hive as a product in the area of stripping gives it a unique market value. Before the hi-up came on the market, there were three main ways to remove the neck tattoo: injection of urinary acid (which is easy to see as a “speech” of the neck), and micropine (mainly a needle).
It's the skin springs of the neck coils, but it doesn't work so well, and the heat-magics, which are very restrictive, obviously, the treatment of the neck strips is not optimal, and it is difficult to deal directly with the neck stains. Hi, as the only ii-type medical device in the country approved by the FDA that improves the neck wrinkles, the components of which include mainly non-consistence.
Translucency acids, amino acids, l-myelium and vitamins, which are specifically market-specific for neck strippings, have improved the Bolivia through non-combined technologies. Pure urinate stripes are not easily absorbed, they are easy to absorb, they are prone to “precipitation” defects, and successful dissidents have emerged as the main consumer option. (ii) Why are they Emmetts? Pre-precision steppings + precision positioning of differentiated products.
In 2011, the company created a "Hi" when the medical-American industry was only in its development phase, with medical institutions largely drawing on the Japanese-Korea market, which was close to “Korea” as their main selling point, foreign products dominated the industry, light medicine was just emerging, and most consumers were still looking at the face. So, in 2011, Emmets realized the vast market for wrinkled necks.
We believe that this is linked to its very forward-looking strategic vision, its differentiated product strategy and its precise positioning.1 The precision stepping points are pre-positioned and the company is extremely forward-looking.
In 2004, the company was established in 2009 to break the country's constant dependence on imported products; in 2012, the company published the first paragraph of its product, “Poñeda”, which contains pva microball; and in 2015, the first paragraph of the company's list, which contains Lidoca.
Because of the transparent acid injection product Efrai/Emifei, which addresses the obvious pain in the treatment process; in 2016, the company's first-time transparent acid injection product, which is subject to neck strip repair; and in 2019, the first-hand-face-planting product in the listed country, which is “close in time, given the research and development cycle”, we believe that the company will start to respond to the problem at least before any new product is listed.
In general, it takes an average of five years for a company's products to develop from creation, formulation screening, detection by a third party to production debugging, and so on. This means that the company started developing a study on “Benida” before “Jimmy” was listed, i.e., the acceptance of urinary acid in the whole market has not increased significantly, even in the first place.
Once a product has not been released, a forward-looking consideration has been given to “long-acting” urinate products; similarly, before “Benida” is on the market, the company has designed and developed “Eves” to take into account the pain in the treatment process, “Hips” when the market is not concerned about wrinkles on the neck, and “Treats” when the urinary acid dividend is not fully released.
A forward-looking vision and bold commitment are the main reasons for its ability to leverage and dominate. Figure 2: Corporate product creation, R & D, marketing, product differentiation, accurate marketing, and firm ' s clear competitive advantage
The homogenization of medical products is evident, and the differential positioning of American-American products is a direct shock to the market. If the company introduced the first domestic sodium-transparent sodium acid filler in 2009 to use the pre-emptive advantage as a tool for time lags, then the company continues to promote differences in subsequent developments.
In particular, first, the company has a product gradient, and after beauty, the company introduced the long-acting urinate “Pounida” to the higher end, introduced the glidocaine urinate “Effrey” to relieve pain, introduced a high-high-level focus on the market with the neck strips, and produced poor products.
Differentiation is clear and meets market differences; secondly, the consumer goods properties of medical products make their use comfortable and important influences, with many American-American products focused on detail, using the example of a childhood needle. In addition to focusing on R & D and formulas, companies create new types of packaging of products in pre-infusion syringes, avoid pre-input mixing, reduce the risk of infection and manual operation, and consider doctors.
Accessibility and safety used; third, product marketing is well positioned to identify competitive advantages. In terms of listing strategies, firms are market-placed according to the problems they can solve and the uniqueness of the product, and in their marketing, they identify competitive advantages of the product and develop consumer products. Figure 3: Disparities in the value of the company ' s products are clearly distinguished.
Bonida Effrey, Figure 4: 5.7% of the market for sodium permeable sodium sodium acid in 2016
Figure 5: 14 per cent of the market for sodium sodium sodium permeable acid in 2019, II. High barriers are profitable, and industrial development benefits from products and marketing. (i) “Gold track”: high barriers and high profitability
High entry barriers, high profitability, and policy dividends from license plates in the medical-American sector The upstream entry barriers in the industrial chain include upstream raw material manufacturers (Waw-hee) and needle manufacturers (America), midstream medical institutions (mainly private medical institutions) and distributors, downstream medical-American platforms (New Oxygen) and consumers, where upstream entry barriers are largely reflected in research.
On the one hand, the development of flexible tissue restoration materials is characterized by technological difficulties, long R & D cycles, complex process routes, stringent environmental requirements, and high requirements for the combined quality of R & D personnel ' s technological stocks, accumulated experience, etc., and on the other hand, medical equipment products derived from biomedical materials, whose production enterprises and products have access policies ranging from product development to listing.
Upstream manufacturers maintain a high Māori premium and are highly profitable. The product has a pharmaceutical properties, a long previous R&D cycle, high R&D costs, a large scale effect of the product when it is marketed, and the Māori rate is often higher.
More than 90 per cent of all products are technologically scarce, such as Bonida Māori, with a higher rate of about 99 per cent. And given the existence of barriers to R&D and to qualifications, it is difficult for subsequent manufacturers to enter the industry and to break down markets, and the product is or will be maintained high.
Given the long-term cycle of product development and policy licensing, licence holders enjoy a policy dividend. Because of the difficulties of medically advanced products, the first producers to obtain a breakdown of product access will monopolize the market for a limited period of time, with exclusive sectoral dividends.
To be the only two long-acting products in the country that have dominated the long-acting “polyuric acid” market for eight years from 2012 to date, maintaining high product prices and Maori rates. Over the last two years, consumer awareness and demand for long-acting urinary acids have grown, with the rapid increase in the sales of the “Pounida” by Emerika, in Paunida Camps in 2018 and 2019.
2. High sticky, high repurchase rate of non-surgery products, high repurchase rate of non-surgery products, high stickyness of clients, and cyclical demand. Non-surgery type, represented by urinary acid injection. Medical beauty is characterized by high consumption frequency and high repurchase rate, and end-users are required to use regular injections to maintain the expected repair effects.
The demand for reprogramming has increased to 4.1 per person per year (78.26% more than in the same period the previous year), which means product repurchase properties overlap with consumer population expansion and rapid growth in demand in the market.
Medical penetration has increased, and the market space for the country’s medical and aesthetic industries has been very large. According to the AIDS consultant, in 2018, the country became the dominant force of the United States after the age of 18-40, with a high degree of growth in medical and aesthetic penetration; and, according to the history of the United States medical and aesthetic industry, the normative development resulting from the growth of medical and aesthetic resources and the tightening of regulations will also contribute to the rapid development of the medical and aesthetic sector from the supply side.
In 2017, based on the data of the consultant, our medical beauty market, which was over $176 billion, became the third largest medical market in the world, after the United States and Brazil, and is expected to reach $315 billion by 2020, and the 2015-2017 (ii) review abroad, and how does industry development logic and leadership companies do?
1. At the end of the spectrum: advances in technology, the creation of marketing platforms have led to two stops in the United States market. If the establishment of the American Orthopaedic Association (asaps) is the starting point for the development of the United States plastic beauty market, the American medical market has developed for almost 90 years now.
1) At the end of the 1990s, the introduction of light medical beauty techniques changed the industry structure of the American medical beauty market, the American Medical beauty market year, laser stripping (1996) and the filling of urinary acid (2003), three technologies that have a significant effect on beauty, have a high degree of safety and speed, have a rapid impact on the country, have become entry-level tools for ordinary people to opt for beauty, and have also announced a shift in the American medical beauty industry from surgical projects to light.
The traditional industry structure has evolved and the market has rapidly developed as a result. (2) In 2011, the emergence of the realself-led American Medico Internet platform reformed the marketing structure of the medical market, increased transparency of the market, increased penetration of the population, and the market entered a second phase. In 2011, the realself-led Medico Internet was launched.
The rapid development of the platform has greatly enhanced industry transparency, and industry transparency and convergence has led to greater standardization and penetration of the market, with a second development in the United States medical and beauty market.
2. Enterprise ends: product differentiation expansion, improved marketing systems for international head enterprise development. The company has developed a multi-product series through acquisition + R & D, with a wide variety of products. Al-Bahner, in 2006, engaged in the medical beauty industry through the acquisition of medical Nome, and then, through multiple acquisitions and research and development, created a good-fit medical beauty product, and Joyaden injects transparent acid.
Product lines such as sodium gel series, gel protein skin filler, 0.03 per cent atatisse (prescription for masturbation growth), nazheli series (application of the widest silicon and saline mammograms for breast titties, breast orthopaedic and mammography surgery), lap-band system (leading micro-starter equipment for obesity intervention treatment), and product variety.
By collating the development of mature countries and head companies, we find that the medical-American sector, as a typical supply-driven industry, on the one hand, the integration and differentiation of supply-side products has led to fine-tuning of the industry that has contributed to the fragmentation of the industry, and, on the other hand, the inherent information asymmetry of health-care consumption has placed greater demand on marketing-side information efficiency.
iii. How do American-Americans hold the pre-emptive advantage? (i) Rich product matrices + enhanced marketing (i) are diverse, rich in products, rich in products, well-developed in corporate product expansion strategies, rich in products, and advanced in many products.
The area of beauty in medicine consists mainly of macho needles and botulinum toxins. In this case, the acupuncture needles are the country’s first certified medical device of the iii type, and in the city, the competitions are mostly i- and ii-type medical devices, which are not required to directly affect the body’s cortex. In the future, with the rising awareness of the population and the rapid development of the standardization of medical beauty products, the acupuncture needles are expected to become the company’s new primer; the meat toxin is the common public.
The product of the exclusive agency agreement between the Department and huons is currently the only competition in the country for Lanzhou biology, the press and the dysport. Although two or three companies are currently in clinical trials or declaration queues, it is hoped that, because of the fact that Emmets are at the forefront of the application for botulinum, they will be able to take the lead in the industry competition and divide the market cakes.
In contrast to the diversity of business in Wah Hee-Bing and Xing-Bing, Ames focused on research and development, production and marketing of medical products, forming a structure of 5+1 products dominated by urea products, and the high levels of Maori in the urea itself have made Aey-Book's overall Māori ratio much higher than that of Hua Hee-Bhai at the upper end of the US industry, but it also exists.
The risk of product homogenization. So, since 2019, the company has extended the product line to multiple products such as sculptures, bottoxes, pins, weight reduction based on its own brand power and R & D strength, smoothing the fluctuations in sales earnings, maintaining the competitive edge of the company, and (ii) outright marketing for major branding and distribution for complementary expanded markets.
Direct marketing controls quality, which applies to pre-brand creation; extended distribution markets, which apply to product maturity and consumer education at a later stage. Taking into account market competition for white heat and natural information asymmetries of pharmaceutical properties, direct marketing is the main way of building product power and branding, while marketing helps companies to increase product coverage and promote product marketing.
Direct marketing strengthens flat-level management, enabling companies to communicate with their clients, with significant synergies and spillovers. Direct sales cover health-care institutions that are more influential, and companies establish closer links with them through direct sales, on the one hand, through training activities to increase the recognition of the company’s products and the professional level of the institution’s anti-breeding products, on the other hand, and, on the other hand, to achieve a win-win outcome.
For example, one of the reasons why the company decided to create a high-level R & D product is that doctors find neck strips in clinical injections, remove the wrinkle demand, and during the use of the high-level, doctors summarize that neck strips are consistent with eye-weeks at the level of use.
The Division has launched a high panda needle for black eye circles. So, direct sales not only create brands, regulate product quality, but also bring about synergies that can generate significant spillovers, increase the market sensitivity of companies, help companies to stay on the market for product expansion, use leverage to boost product sales, given the number and dispersion of downstream health-care facilities.
In order to better exploit clients, after the branding of the company was established, the company quickly expanded its product sales through an orderly expansion of market coverage through distribution.
Hives: Product Monopoly, extension of application, and more certainty of performance in the short term. 1) Due to the innovative technical barriers and the incompetence of the Hives, there is currently no direct competition in the market and declared products, considering that medical devices will take at least three to five years to be approved, it is expected that the Hive will take the neck strip market in the short term in the future. 2) In June 2020, the company released its latest product, "Hip Panda"
The introduction of the Panda needle has expanded the application of the Hive from the neck to the eye. Based on the above, we believe that the Hive will bring firm performance gains.
Positioning is high, and in the context of increasing competition in the short-acting market for urinary acid, Bonida products help companies to create differential competitive advantages, covering medium- and high-end consumer customers. On the one hand, the demand for long-acting urinary acid will be catalyzed by Jojaden’s consumer education, and on the other hand, there are only two long-acting effects in the market -- Bodani and Ebeve, and companies are pre-arranged by branding effects after high body fire.
In 2019, the market was marketed only for “close” and Korean biomints, which are expected to take over part of the market because they have longer periods of urinary acid maintenance.
The appdo line is more superior because it can be fully absorbed by the human body. Cricket: on the market, monopolistic accumulation of product power is expected to become the company’s new best-selling product. The company’s pocket needle is expected to be certified by the end of 2020, and there are currently no approved products in the country, considering the policy access dividend period.
As similar competitions in the current market are mostly i- and ii-type medical devices, and as people's safety awareness is raised and regulatory norms are strengthened, the future of the paint needles is expected to give rise to an outbreak of performance and become a new product for the company.
Essentially complete, the market for botox is in a period of rapid growth; (2) the market is currently characterized by a low number of competitions, industry patterns are not yet in place, and the company's visibility and nationalism, opened up by the Hive, is conducive to rapid consumer recognition and rapid product growth. Products are expected to be marketed in 2024, and the company's products are expected to be the fourth listed product and enjoyable, taking into account the existing competitive declarations and queues.
Replacing: The product has been expanded to biopharmaceuticals, from medicine to health. The gene-restructuring protein drug developed by the company is designed for the treatment of diabetes and obesity, and the research and development of this product has meant the expansion of the company’s business from a single medical and aesthetic sector to a larger health sector, with a richer product line and a healthier income structure.
In the short term, company highs and Bonida have a high degree of certainty of performance based on increased monopolistic advantages and penetration; in the long term, children, needles, facial implants and bottox products have been placed on the market, with an increase in monopoly markets and branding of products.
Higher than company valuations, taking into account the monopolistic advantages of many of the listed products and the scarcity of companies listed in the domestic medical and beauty industry, a defined valuation premium is recognized, first covered, with a “recommended” rating. Product competition increases risks; product R&D is not as fast as expected.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of Democratic Securities, Dr. Vanderbilt University, and Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Gangdan, author with a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,