The first time a "buy-in" rating has been covered by the "buy-in" rating.
The company is the leader of the domestic medical industry in the deep-farming market for urinate acid. We believe that, in the economic age, “beautiful” demand drives the growth of the industry, with producers of products in the industrial chain at the heart of the industry. Now, companies have built up a matrix of bovine-acid products such as Hives, Bonida, Evelyn, and so on, and fast-starting new capabilities have built deep.
Competing barriers, and growing potential for high-growth new races like puppies and bottox in the future. We expect a fast-growing American gold track for light medicine, with middle- and middle-class urogenic acid producers occupying the core of the industrial chain. The demand-released industry is growing rapidly, and the market is expected to grow to 311.5 billion yuan in 2023.
In the industrial chain, manufacturers of small- and medium-sized medical products are increasingly becoming market-mainstreamed, with high technical and qualification barriers and easy-to-scale product standards, compared to upstream raw materials.
At present, the more sophisticated medically applied products in the country are bouria acid injections, and the main market share is held by imported products. In the long run, the share of the country’s product plate is expected to rise, benefiting from the guidance of downstream medical institutions and higher consumer acceptance.
• Rapidly pushing new capabilities creates deep barriers to competition, expanding energy channels to support growth in the future, and companies focus heavily on R & D inputs and product transformation, forming the core of the competition, “Step New Products.” From 2009 to date, companies have introduced the first domestic urinary acid product, the only neck patch.
In the future, companies will continue to invest heavily in the development of new products, with the prospect of a rapid roll-out of products such as coronary needles, into new markets with high potentials such as botulinum toxins and recombinant proteins.
In terms of productive capacity, the company’s capacity utilization has been close to saturation, and it is hoped that when the build-up of the fund-raising project is completed, it will reduce the neck and neck. In terms of access, the company’s early rapid entry into the market, mainly through direct sales, will expand its distribution system in the future as branding and product acceptance improves, thus unleashing its potential.
Acids are red-flowered, fists are growing fast. 1.1. The indigenous medical products lead the way. 16 years of deep-deep farming.
Sixteen years ago, the deep-farming and American industry now had 37 patents (of which 20 patents were invented) and had been successful in institutionalizing the current series of boulic acid products and the concentration of epoxy-cyclohexone facial implants. In 2009, the company launched its new product, which became the first national product of boulic urinate.
R & D, now has a matrix of boulina stars made up of Hirsch, Bonida, Effrey, and others. According to frost & sullivan, in 2019 the American-American market was 14.0% in the domestic medical beauty market, ranking first in the local brand, close to the sum of the second Wah Hee-Bing (8.1%) and the third schnapps (6.0%).
Figure 1: For 16 years, the company's research and development of medically advanced products has a rich matrix of boulic acids and facial wires, which will enter new markets in the future, such as botulinum toxins and puppies, and now has five products for facial and neck wrinkle restoration, including the first in the domestic market.
Nida, a product whose function covers various areas such as facial, neck, etc., with prices ranging from $300 to $2,600.
In addition, the company also has the country’s first approved face-planting lined products, which effectively pulls down the punctuated skin and restores the tightness of the skin. In the future, the company, in addition to continuing to maintain its leading position in the urea industry, will also actively plant new races that are resistant to wrinkling, such as botulinum toxins, puppies, etc.
The company’s equity structure is centralized, ensuring core team stability through equity binding. The firm’s real controller, Ms. Jan Jun, directly holds 41.35% of the company’s shares, and indirectly holds 9.40% of the company’s investments through Danry, client-oriented investments, and knowledge-of-war investments.
At the same time, Emmett is the only company in the country that uses equity incentives (which have already been implemented) to invest in the army, to invest in the employee holding platform, with 8.57% and 5.71%, respectively, and is led by Chairman Jang Jun and Chief Manager Ishi Ying Feng.
In total, core researchers like YOON Young-jung, Zhang Xing and others held 0.74% of the shares before the company was issued. The client is invested in the public sales team ' s stockholding platform, where 12 core salesmen like Trina and Zhang Lok held 0.69% of the shares prior to the company ' s release.
Equity binding guarantees the stability of the company’s core team.
Thanks to the rapid growth of the US-American market, the cagr reached 61.33%. In 2020, the impact of the new crown epidemic reduced the flow of downstream American/medical institutions, with hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 17.40%-31.83%.
Figure 3: High and sustained growth in corporate operating income, high profitability, Māori retention at over 90%, and a growing scale effect. The entry of medical and aesthetic products into the market is subject to a rigorous product approval system, resulting in fewer compliance competitors in the industry; and poor corporate output
In terms of fees, 92.6% a year, the scale effect has become apparent as companies have grown rapidly in recent years. Value-added tax on products has been changed from 1 January 2019 to a simple method, with a significant reduction in tax rates from 16% to 16%; fist products contribute to major performance and scale effects drive down unit operating costs.
The products are Fumei, Bonida, and Effie. With the changing market demand and the rapid roll-out of new products, the company now receives mainly the contributions of Hivet, Effie/Emife and Bonida. In 2019, sales of the three core products reached $243, 224, and 0.68 million, which together contributed 95.74 per cent of the revenues.
Cost and labour costs are relatively fixed, driven by economies of scale, and the overall unit cost of a company's products is falling rapidly.
The demand for medicine and beauty is gradually released, and light medicine is expected to become the mainstream. 2.(2 sqrt{} China’s medical and American industry is growing rapidly, but penetration rates are still low.
In 2012–19, the size of China’s medical market grew from 29.8 billion yuan to 17.6 billion yuan, and the cagr to 28.97%. But China’s medical market is still in its infancy compared to developed countries such as the US, Japan, and South Korea.
In terms of the penetration rate of medical-American projects (the rate of medical beauty treatments per 1,000 population), China is still low compared to other countries with mature medical-American industries. In 2019, China’s medical-American penetration rate was only 3.6%, compared to Japan’s 11.0%, the United States 16.6%, and Korea’s 20.5% level, the domestic market for medical-Americans is still well developed.
With the rapid development of media and social platforms, the project has become known to society, and the population has become more receptive to it. According to the AIDS counselling data, nearly 60% of consumers are now positive about the behaviour of health-care consumers.
The popular culture spreads, and more and more consumers begin to look at beauty in a more peaceful way, thinking that beauty is a way to make life better. According to Ere, 53% of consumers believe that beauty is simply to make themselves happy, and that she/she turns the project into a reward for herself, a pleasant consumption, and pays for “happiness”.
The change in attitudes has increased consumers’ acceptance of health-care consumption, further stimulating the development of the health-care industry. Figure 11: Nearly 60% of consumers have a positive attitude towards health-care consumption behaviour, making beauty happy.
Improving physical appearance/defects, maintaining physical integrity/breathing at best, striving for beauty.
The project is divided into surgery.
The current consumer demand for non-surgery is increasing, with 38% of domestic non-surgery projects in 2019, and Irene's projected 2023.
The figure will reach 48%, accounting for half of the health-care market. Moreover, as the social penetration rate increases, the demonstration effect of Ming is becoming stronger, and the demand for “sun maps” on social media platforms such as the circle of friends, microblog, etc., is increasing, leading to increasing pressure on consumer values.
Frequent surgical-type medical accidents increase consumers’ awareness of the risks and take a more rational view of medical-American consumption, making them the consumer’s preferred option.
At the same time, light-medication projects tend to be more time-sensitive, and only regular maintenance and supplementation can always be effective, so consumer repurchase rates are high. For example, common short-acting urinary acid products can usually be maintained for 6 to 12 months, with different periods of time in different parts, and once they get used to a better self-immolation, they can be eliminated.
The price of light medicine is friendly, promoting regular consumer consumption. The price of light medicine is lower than the price of traditional surgical beauty projects.
There is a difference, and there is a risk of surgery, which may require a two-fold repair. To reach similar levels of buric acid, the nose, at an average price of only $2,000, significantly lowers the consumption threshold.
Figure 13: The cost of surgeries is high 2.2, the medical-American industry chain: medical-American producers take over the gold track, and the medical-American industry chain is dominated by upstream raw material producers, middle-class producers, downstream medical-American institutions and end consumers
In the case of urinary acid, for example, middle-class producers purchase urinate from upstream raw material manufacturers and produce various types of urinate products, which are then sold to downstream medical and aesthetic institutions/hospitals through direct distribution/distribution channels, and are eventually injected by professionals such as doctors for consumers.
In particular, the cost of purchasing raw materials for the Americian products, the products and devices that are sold to dealers is only $25, the price of the products is $351, and the distributors increase the price by about $50-100/to downstream medical institutions.
The price range for consumer injectors varies from $980 to $3800, while health-care institutions have to pay $1,000-1500 per person to third-party access platforms like New Oxygen. Throughout the industry chain, medical and American producers have core technology and are able to achieve large-scale standardized production, reducing unit output through scale effects.
At the same time, downstream hospitals/medical and American institutions, because of their high degree of fragmentation, are unable to join forces to negotiate with producers of products/machinery, so producers have a stronger bargaining power.
Figure 14: Producers of medical and aesthetic products occupy the core of the industrial chain, with higher profitability, downstream hospitals/medical and American institutions that rely more on doctors and are difficult to standardize. Invasion, represented by urinary injections, is strictly required for medical techniques, and doctors need to be familiar with facial and muscular dissections.
At present, there is a huge gap in the number of medical institutions, doctors, and the number of medical doctors who comply with the law (i.e. doctors who have been certified as medical practitioners by the state and who do not operate in an irregular manner) is only 24%.
The proportion of legally compliant medical and US institutions (i.e., those that have acquired medical and aesthetic qualifications and do not operate outside the scope of their operations) is only 12%. There are still a large number of illegal and irregular establishments operating in the industry, with no guarantee of qualifications, and many doctors have been on duty for only a few months, which poses a risk to the development of the industry.
Sex, institutional qualifications, and the quality of doctors are expected to improve significantly, and consumer confidence will increase, medical products will be used, and online platforms such as medical beauty applications will reduce the cost of receiving visitors to health-care institutions, and will form a link between institutions and consumers. New oxygen, and more beautiful online service platforms will help consumers to compare their choice of health-related projects with greater clarity and autonomy.
Products, which effectively reduce the cost of institutional access, as well as the entry threshold for consumers, to some extent increase transparency and give consumers greater confidence and autonomy of choice, constitute an important driving force in the development of the industry.
The urinary acid is highly wet and the market is growing rapidly. It is also known as transparent acid, distributed widely within the human tissue, and its transparent molecules can carry their own water weights of 500 to 1,000 times more. The molecular mass of the urinary acid, which is more wet, more resistant and more sticky, is a good medical beauty filler.
Small amounts of urinary acid can be absorbed directly by skin, often used for wet skin protection. The frequency of urinary acid consumption has also increased as the medical market unfolds. Frast&sullivan data show that the market has increased at a combined rate of 22.8 per cent in the last five years and reached $4.27 billion in 2019, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
The chain consists of raw material suppliers, product manufacturers, and marketing terminals. The upstream raw materials are mainly extracted, microbial fermentation, or chemical synthesis. Because the structure of the urinary acid is linear, interconnected, and the human body itself has its own components, it can easily be metabolized upon entry into the body, no.
Thus, the middle-stream Chamber of Commerce and Industry uses various combinations to process bouriate material into injectable fluids, thereby increasing the stability of the urea molecules and their time in the body. Lower-stream hospitals/medical and aesthetic institutions recommend and inject bouric acid products for consumers.
The properties of the products vary depending on the size of the molecule, which lasts longer. There are three forms based on the size of the molecule: small molecules, middle molecules, large molecules. At the same time, different molecules are able to inject in different areas, and small molecules can inject only in the shallow cortex, and the middle molecules and big molecules are able to inject in deeper tissues.
At the same time, the larger the molecules indicate that the higher the connection, the longer it can be retained. Interconnection technology is the key to the difference between the effects and persistence of the boulic acid filler. The transparent acid molecules in their natural state are the fluids that are dispersed and rapidly absorbed, and the conjunct effectively achieves the vinylity of the boulic acid in the human body.
It has long-term solid shapes that support plastics. There are two main types of conjunctures, the dichotomy, which mixes the conjuncture with the non-combined puretic acid by sifting, and the single phase, which increases the condensation by grinding, using high-density network-like structural techniques, the gel of the large puretic acid in a gel with a smooth and delicate gel.
Figure 18: Conjuncts perform a fixed function for urinary acid molecules Figure 19: Prourec acid interconnects into two pairs and one-size-fits-all, 2.4. Market patterns for urephatic acid: foreign brands account for a major share and national production taps are expected to bend overboard
Foreign brands account for a major share of the market for urinate, and there is a large space for national product labels. Currently, imports of urinate products account for nearly 65% of the market share, with two companies from Korea, LG, and the United States, accounting for 42.3% of the total in 2019, while the top three domestic firms in the national brands have gradually expanded their market share in recent years, from which they have been able to increase their market share.
In 2016, 20.5% increased to 28.10% in 2019, of which the market size of China’s Medico-American U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. U.S. urea end product will reach $7.6 billion from 2016 to 2019, respectively. As the quality of the country’s goods improves, consumer recognition of the country’s product plate will increase, and the advantage of the future country’s high value for money will become more pronounced.
The market share is expected to increase gradually.
Consumers now have a higher degree of recognition for overseas brands, but overseas brands are sold at higher prices, giving lower profit margins to downstream medical institutions. National product brands with equal utility have a clear cost advantage, and downstream medical institutions have a higher price.
Consumers, when selecting their products, take into account, to some extent, the advice of the institution and the physician. As a result, the country’s product plate has a strong promotion advantage, long-term market share in downstream institutions is expected to rise further.
The company’s lines of production are more abundant and stable than domestic ones. The domestic competition for American-Americans is dominated by Bouriate products from the biology and cylindricals. The Huaxi creatures have built a whole-chain business system from raw materials to medical end-products, functional protective products, skins and functional foods, covering the industrial chain.
Transparency sodium acids and medical gluten can absorb biomedical materials in the areas of ophthalmology, orthopaedic beauty and masturbation care, bone and glue-proofing and blood-control. In the field of medicine for bovine urinate, the main hit product of the Wah-hee creature is the "Yun" brothers, the first generation of "Heiwei" and the second generation of "Ji Lan" , the main effects of which are:
For facial short-acting repair and filling. For 16 years, Americian Farming has had a clear pre-emptive advantage, and products have been enriched, with the only carotid restoration product, the only national product with the lead product of boney da. Moreover, corporate products, due to their stable effectiveness and low sensitivity, are found in downstream institutions, consumers, etc.
There is already a better reputation and a stronger competitive advantage. There is a tightening of regulation in the medical-American sector, and the barriers to entry and concentration of the market are expected to increase.
According to Swiss consulting data, only a third of the official and approved needles are currently on the market, and illegal needles (without the corresponding medical equipment registration issued by the drug regulatory authority after review and approval) are severely squeezed on the market. Since 2015, the government has put in place a series of policies to strengthen the regulation of medical and aesthetic markets to combat illicit urinary acid products.
In addition, in April 2020, eight departments, including the National Health Board, jointly issued a circular on the further strengthening of the comprehensive regulation and enforcement of medical beauty services, emphasizing the importance of regulating medical beauty services, which will be more regulated in the future.
Fan’s medical institutions are more demanding in terms of technology and qualifications for their products, the technological skills of leading companies, and the maturity of product applications, and it is expected that in the future, the share of leading companies in the market will continue to rise.
3.1. Refinement of the Bourios product series to meet consumer differentiation needs The company now has a product system centred on Hive, Efrai/Emeifei, and Bonida. By 2015, the company’s owner is a winner, and its products are constantly upgrading and creating differences in response to consumer demand for high quality.
The company’s core product, Effie and Bonida, showed a steady growth trend, while the high growth rate was faster, with three sales earning 95.74% of total revenue in 2019. The upturn continued to grow rapidly during the epidemic, with sales accounting for the first half of 2020.
3.1.1, Hi: Monopoly of domestic neck repair markets, which are “beautiful is nothing but imperfect”, with great potential for neglected neck restorations. Wrinkles are produced mainly for two reasons, first, because the growth of the skin cells has become invigorated, metabolic, water has been reduced, and so the cells have collapsed; second, the connectors have collapsed.
Atrocities in knitting, the most important of which is a reduction in gel protein. In addition, long-term low-heading and ambush work will increase the risk of premature neck strippings. Usually, neck strips will grow gradually after the age of 25 and become more pronounced after the age of 30. The size of the neck and the difficulty of covering it will cause a serious aging. Consumers used to focus only on facial protection.
And, despite the image effects of the neck tattoos, consumer demand for the restoration of the neck stripes will grow, and the potential of the market for the restoration of the neck stripes will be great. Figure 23: The neck stripes will cause a serious sense of ageing.
Fig. 24: Small Red Book app has a high temperature of articles related to neck-repair restoration.
The only product of the neck wrinkles. The high-body cortex cytostatics are directly related to the skin cortex, which, by increasing the efficiency of cellular cellular proteins and gel fibre synthesis, systematically creates a small cycle of skin health, which has the effect of plaque the neck. Because of the thinness of the skin of the neck compared to the face, the material is demanding, the original domestic product is demanding.
The material is not suitable for rigidity, the high body is a new complex solution ... water agent material is more adaptive. Good fixation results make consumers as a whole more sticky, most of them opting to inject the high body again one to three months later, and the repurchase rate is higher.) In 2020, the National Drug Surveillance Authority provided for transparency in the addition of active and pharmaceutical components in the future.
Sodium sodium tycoon is no longer approved as a medical device, but as a pharmaceutical. In the short term, there will be some continuity in the policy, which will guarantee the exclusive nature of the high body.
Hives can also be used for eye restoration and facial light. Compared to the facial skin, the cortex of the area around the eye is thinner than the neck, so during clinical use, the hips also perform the task of filling the tear drains and repairing the black eye. And, depending on the superb accents and clinical effects of the hips, they will also have a significant future in the water light of the face.
The company's high panda needles are more targeted at eye areas, such as eye wrinkles, pigment type, black eye circles, blood vessels black eye circles, top-and-down dildos, etc. Figure 26: High panda needles are effective in alleviating tear troughs, black eye circles, etc.
The company focuses on market education at the end of c, and has made a great deal of publicity through sales. The average number of daily active users of small red books is now 21 million.
It shows that the largest number of users are 24-35 years of age, accounting for nearly 60% of the population, and that there is a greater demand for neck strips. Hi corporate accounts regularly update dynamics, interact actively with users, promote the effectiveness of products, and reach a large number of potential users.
Platforms such as Bo, Little Red Books share their experiences and publish contrasting impact pictures that clearly show the high body's neck stripping effect, which greatly enhances the confidence of potential consumers in the high body.
3.1.2. Bonida: The only product currently produced in the country with long-lived urinary acids. Bonida is one of the only two currently approved urinary acids in the country, with a filling effect of 8 to 10 years.
The medical bone structure material, which is more difficult to metabolize because of its high texture density, is mainly used as a deep layer of vinyl vinyl (pva) microball composition, which constantly stimulates the growth of its own gels and sustains the protein dynamics of the subcutaneous gels. Only two long-acting urinate products are currently approved for facial filling, and the other one is Hanfordson, the Netherlands.
The effect of this research is 5-10 years. Figure 28: Bonida pva microballs are safe, long-lived, relative to competition for Beves, and Bonida has the advantage of insensitive and soft material.
The content is 80% composite urinate and 20% microballic composition, while the main ingredient is 80% gel protein, solution + 20% microball. The gel protein does not apply to population groups that are allergic to eggs, milk, and allergies, while the percentage of people in China who are allergic to milk is relatively high, so there have been several cases of allergies in Ebeve.
In addition, the material of Boni-Da is closer to the hardness of the cartilage than that of Ebeve, and is relatively soft and natural to support. Thus, doctors tend to prefer Benida as a long-acting boulic acid injection material in bed.
As the acceptance of high-priced national goods increases, the potential of Bonida will gradually be released. The main factor constraining the rapid growth of Bonida has been consumer distrust of high-end medically produced beauty products. Through extensive clinical applications and market education, long-acting medicine products of the U.S. urinary acid are now being accepted by the market, and Bonida has been offered downstream medical facilities.
From the point of view of the Māori rate, the market share of Pignida is expected to rise in the future as health-care institutions promote and consumer-spontaneity campaigns.
Consumers usually have a clear sense of pain during the injection of traditional products. In order to solve the pain during injection, they have developed an Americian development.
Both products are used to inject the skin to the depths of the skin, and the composition contains Lidocaine. Because Lidocain is an anesthetic, it can be used as a painkiller in the course of the operation, increasing consumer acceptance.
The quality of the product is stable, and downstream institutions are more willing to promote it. 1) The anesthetic component of the Effrey/Emithfly product has greatly increased the sense of experience and comfort of users. Meanwhile, after extensive clinical use, the advantage of Effrey’s quality stability has been highlighted that users are less likely to experience facial swelling or alien stress after injection, which is highly recognized by the medical community.
2) Benefiting from the approval of downstream institutions, Effrey's products have a stronger bargaining power at $310.8 in 2019, which is slightly higher than its equivalent. But, thanks to good product performance and stable clinical effects, medical and American institutions have a greater margin of appreciation at the end, and ample margin of profit.
It's good to have a higher share of the company's market. 3.1.4, Fumumi/Umega plus one: the wrinkled wrinkling of the forehead and the nasal wrinkled, the wrinkled wrinkled of the forehead and the wrinkledness of the nasal wrinkled, and the wrinkled wrinkled wrinkledness of the forehead.
The main components are hydropropyl methyl cellulose-transparent sodium acid solution, which integrates transparent acids with cellulose, and uses cellulose in cellulose.
Protecting the location of the transparent acid to reduce the activity of the urinary acid with a filling effect of 6-12 months. One plus one is a fine upgrade, with the main components of sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl cellulose gel for medical use, primarily for skin filling between the shallow and deep layers of the skin to correct the wrinkled middle- and middle-heavy rims.
The maintenance time is longer and better. At present, the U.S.A. plus one is divided into two models: "Big Red" (larger urinate molecule, injected to the depths of the skin, with effects lasting about one year), and "Big" (smaller urinate molecule, injected to the shallows of the skin, with effects lasting about six months).
3.1.5. Tightness: The first domestic facial implantation line has the effect of stretching it to ease skin loss. The facial implant is the burial of medically degradable wires to different layers of skin, which is tied to the loose jaws of the face and has the effect of removing the stripes and helping apple muscles.
As the proportion of the elderly population increases, and consumers have a deeper understanding of the products they plant, the market potential of the wire market will be reduced.
In May 2019, it was approved as the country’s first face-planting line product. It used polydioxycyclohexone as a raw material, with excellent degradation.
The internal degradation test shows that it can be fully absorbed for 180-220 days, with no effect on the surrounding cell tissue, and when it is absorbed, it becomes water and carbon dioxide discharge, completely harmless to the human body, and it can be repeated. In addition, pdo enters the skin tissue to promote regenerative gelatin and thus improves the skin wrinkling and skin state. At the same time, pdo is a high molecular material.
In comparison with other competitions, the tight line is richer and more applied. The approved face-laying product in the market is a company-flagged and Korean-student-only mint. At present, Mint has only one line for consumers.
Select, application is relatively limited. Compared to Mint, tight product lines are richer, with three linear types: smooth lines, spiral lines, short-saw gears, which meet the needs of the user for tight skin, tight emoticons, fine position dents and skin lifts, and can be applied in conjunction with other surgeries, non-surgery rejuvenation techniques to solve structural problems at a stratification level.
The problem of aging is more competitive in products. 3.2. Entering the meat-toxic blue sea has a monopoly dividend, leading the way in the puppies market, which has a significant wrinkled effect, and the domestic market, which is still blue.
Biotoxin can be classified as a, b, ca, cb, d, e, f, g, depending on antigenity, and clinically used for beauty treatment is a type of botulinum toxin. The wrinkled effects of botox are significant and can generally be sustained for six to eight months.
But botulinum is strictly regulated by the National Drug Supervisory Authority, which classifies it as a poison drug. At present, there are limited adaptations to injection of a type of botox in the country, mainly treatment of muscle stress disorders and middle-heaviness frown.
The potential for developing space in the domestic market is enormous in the future as the use of bottox increases in end-use applications. Frost&sullivan data show that the domestic botox market, cagr, reached 33.2% in 2013-2017, will grow further in size and will reach 27.740 billion yuan in 2022.
The company has won power over the huons botox in Korea, and the product has entered clinical trials. The bottox can effectively eliminate dynamic wrinkles, especially the head and eyebrow, which are irreplaceable in beauty projects. For a long time, the botox market has been divided by the weights of the Lanzhou creature and the botox built in the United States, with June 2020.
The company, the sole Chinese distributor of Korean huonsa botox products, has been allowed to import the product into the clinical trial stage within China’s region, and if the product is successfully approved, it will meet more consumer demand and stimulate meat poisoning.
The puppies achieve long-term wrinkled wrinkled effects by stimulating the growth of gel proteins. The puppies are also referred to as “liquid peeling,” mainly consisting of polyseptic acid (plla) or pcl, which is biologically compatible and self-serving.
Decomposition of metabolic substances, when injected into the cortex, stimulates the growth of gel protein from the moment it occurs, thus improving the wrinkles and glitters of the face. The coronary needles are mainly applied to fewer users of gel protein on the face, improving the large area of the face, denting, wiring the parts of the forehead, temples, etc., with effects of three years or more. Physics-filled urin
Acids improve the skin from the depths and sustain their effects even longer than the meat toxin, which decomposes the neurological transfer to the muscles. There are no conforming paint needle products in the country, and the blue sea market is still to be excavated. There is no child needle product in the country.
There are three types of masonry needles that are widely used abroad: sculptra supremación in France, dermaveil in the United States, aesthefil in Korea, and reborn Ribo in domestic products.
The product iii is now in the declaration phase, and it is expected to receive a medical device certificate for the ii by the end of 2020 or early 2021. Once the child needle product is successfully approved, it is expected to contribute to the company’s new growth. 3.3. Targeting the thin body market, and setting up a large health industry.
As the pace of life accelerates and fast food culture spreads, the prevalence of obesity in China is increasing. According to frost&sullivan, the prevalence of obesity in China rose from 8.9% in 2013 to 12.3% in 2017, in the face of rising health awareness and demand for face values.
At the same time, with rising disposable income and changing consumption habits, the willingness of the population to pay for thinner has reached a high level. According to AIDS counseling data for 2020q1, more than 90% of those interviewed are willing to pay for thinners and nearly 40% are willing to pay more than $5,000 for thinners.
The active layout of the market for proteins and deoxychotic acids, targeting obesity and diabetes. 1) Restructured human insulin high blood sugar samples, similar to platinum-1 (glp-1), has had a significant effect on the treatment of obesity, and has been widely used in hospitals, medical beauty institutions, etc.
In November 2016, the company set up a subsidiary, Norbot Organism, which focuses on research and development of glp-1 analogue products, which could be developed in the future for people who lose weight, or products to treat diseases such as diabetes.
Quality studies and sample tests of the original drug have been completed, pre-clinical samples are being tested and animal safety evaluations are under way, and a clinical declaration of the product is expected in 2020. 2) Deoxychotic acid is produced by cerebral acid in the intestines through bacterial enzyme decomposition, which has the effect of emulsioning fats.
Research and development of acid materials, the development of synthetic processes, small tests and quality standards for the product ' s raw materials have now been completed, preparations are being developed for small tests and studies on pre-clinical samples and animal safety evaluation, and clinical declarations of products are expected to be conducted by 2020. The company ' s thinning market has helped to further upgrade medical and health collars.
The market share of the area contributes to a new profit growth point. Rapidly pushing new capacity creates the core barriers, expanding the power channel to support future growth 4.1, investing heavily in research and development, and driving the shift from technological to product advantage.
In a horizontal comparison, the cost of research and development is significantly higher than that of other professionals, and the cost of research and development is rising from year to year, reaching $21 million for 2020h1. In addition, the company has 315 employees, 72 of whom are R & D and technical staff, or 22.86% of the total, and is also higher than that of their counterparts.
The company works actively with universities, leading doctors, and companies, and successfully transforms technological advantages into product advantages.
High-elastic gel particles can be controlled, combined with transparent sodium acids, to increase the skin-support power of the product and extend the support effect of the product to 8-10 years. And the tissue simulating techniques of the Hive allow the product, in addition to filling, to contribute to the formation of the gel and improve the skin wrinkles.
The six products that the company is currently working on are no longer limited to boulic acid, but also contain products such as botulinum toxin, recombinant proteins, biocides, etc., in the field of biopharmaceuticals and devices. Of these, three are in the declaration phase, one is in the clinical trial phase, and one is in the pre-clinical research phase.
The use covers a number of areas, such as skin filling, surgical glue-proofing, metres and tissue repair, removal of dynamic wrinkles, and treatment of diabetes and obesity. During the “14’s” period, Chinese society will move from mild to moderate ageing.
It is expected that future developments in research products will effectively enrich the existing product matrix, contribute to sustained growth in the company 4.2, have a strong ability to achieve rapid landings, and have strong pre-eminence. Qualifications are an important factor in influencing market entry of products.
There are strict regulations on the qualifications of medical products, instruments (including scope of application, functionality, etc.). At present, there are clear classification requirements for medical devices: i Classes are those that can guarantee safety through routine management: ii Classes are those that need control; iii Classes are those that require intrusion into the body and must be strictly controlled.
For 16 years in the American market, there has been a great deal of experience in this field.
In 2009, the company introduced the first domestic urinate product, the only carotid restoration product (Hitty), the only country with a long-lived urinate product (Bonida), and the first domestic face-planting product (tightness) and secured the market.
4.3. Energy release and channel energy drive rapid growth Performance release: the capacity utilization rate is close to saturation, and the expansion plan will address capacity bottlenecks. As demand in the medical and American markets increases rapidly, the capacity utilization rate of companies will continue to rise. In 2017, the capacity utilization rate for major products was only 80.7 per cent.
Higher levels. To meet the high demand downstream, companies will rapidly scale up production and ease production bottlenecks. More than three times the size of public production, more than two times the capacity of high-growth and more than 33 times the capacity of fugitive beauty.
Figure 40: Energy utilization and distribution rates of major products are high
In the direct marketing model, companies promote their products by organizing or participating in industry meetings, academic seminars, conducting academic training, and focusing on leading clients, including large chains of non-public doctors such as cuisine, Huamey, etc.
At the same time, the company plans to build the Medical American Knowledge Exchange Platform, the All-China Institute, as an integrated production research platform for training medical practitioners and promoting their products. With the creation of the brand image of the company and the increased market acceptance of products, after 2017, the company began to gradually increase its distribution ratio to achieve fast-distribution.
Formerly, the company had formed a marketing network centred on Beijing, covering 31 provinces, cities, and autonomous regions of the country. Since the main downstream clients were non-public health-care institutions with more decentralized operations, the company planned to invest $150 million in six marketing centres in Beijing, Chengdu, Nanjing, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Xian to strengthen its outreach capabilities and build on the above-mentioned radiation capabilities.
In urban areas, the market is sunk rapidly. It is expected that, with the increase in distribution rates and the construction of marketing centres, the potential of the pipeline will be increased (1) and the epidemic will remain stable overall: there will be no further outbreaks in the country and downstream hospitals/medical institutions will return to normal levels in 2021;
(iii) Successfully advanced projects for fund-raising: productive capacity-building projects for companies are well under way to ease production bottlenecks. 5.2. Profit forecasting and valuation..C.C.C. is the leader of the domestic medical and aesthetic industry in the deep-farming market for urogenic acid. We believe that, in the economic age, “beautiful” needs to be achieved.
In order to drive the growth of the health-care industry, producers of products in the industrial chain are at the core. At present, companies have built up a matrix of bourgeois stars such as Hives, Bonida, and Efrai, while the ability to rapidly re-energize builds deep barriers to competition, and the potential for growth is high in the future, with high-growth new races such as puppies and bottox.
In recent years, income performance has been growing rapidly, industry dividends have been added to core competitive advantages, and companies will grow in the future with greater continuity and certainty. Compared to comparable companies in the medical-American sector, companies now value higher than average (the industry average is about 83 times more than in 2020), taking into account the company’s scarcity and remarkable growth pattern.
The epidemic has erupted again, affecting the flow of downstream hospitals/medical and aesthetic institutions. New entrants to the medical and aesthetic market have increased and competition in the industry has intensified.