Audio Holdings (688036.sh) is the king of Africa's mobile market, accelerating the multi-dimensional expansion of its business class, and is at the top of Africa's mobile market, actively expanding emerging markets: companies are mainly engaged in smart endings with mobile phones at their core.
Design, R & D, production, marketing, and branding, with three major branded mobile phones: tecno, itel, and infinix, the marketing regions are concentrated in emerging global market countries such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America.
The continent is ranked first. In South Asian markets: Pakistan ' s smart market, 37.9 per cent; Bangladesh, 21.5 per cent; India, 6.4 per cent; India ' s smart market, about 156 million; in 2022, the company ' s total mobile phone output. According to idc data, the company was in 2022.
The global mobile market, with 11.7 per cent, ranks third among the global mobile branders, with smart machines accounting for 6.0 per cent of the global smart market and sixth in rank. Despite the harsher market environment, companies' new market start-up strategies achieved better results in 2022, as well as overall market intelligence in Africa and outside South Asia.
The sales volume increased the same year. In 2022, the company achieved $4.696 billion in operating income, down from the same period in the previous year, and performance declined the same year, but the net profit return ring in the first quarter of this year increased by 132.23 per cent compared to q4 in 2022, based on ring data.
Multi-business expansion: The company continues to advance expansionary business development, taking advantage of localization on the basis of years of deep-ploughing emerging markets.
Promoting the business eco-model “Mobular Internet Services + Households, Digital Parts” is gradually improving. Expansion of the product base. Business continues to upgrade the product capacity, companies continue to invest in the competitiveness of the expanded product category to promote the healthy development of the product base, and supply chain strategic alliances are strengthened, working with upstream key device suppliers to develop needles.
Your Majesty, for products from emerging markets; for products of different skin colours and different regional user characteristics, products that meet the needs of local users are constantly being introduced in conjunction with research and development teams in human engineering, acoustics, etc.
Strengthening the development of specialized teams in strategic products, new retailing, digital channels, improvement of retail trade management systems, optimization of the retail mix of different types of goods, and construction of new retail models. In mobile Internet operations, sales of corporate intelligence create a steady flow and guarantee that companies develop mobile Internet operations.
In the area of home power, companies continuously increase their product power, brand power: building supply chain cost advantages, creating cost, efficiency, quality leading local procurement, manufacturing;
In the area of digital accessories, the development of products has been intensified, audio quality algorithms have been continuously optimized, and the core competitiveness of products has been enhanced. We believe that companies have core channels, superior resources, and a large customer base, and that the expansion of new business in the future is expected to generate more growth.
The corresponding amounts are 24.0, 18.7 and 15.6 times. Given the risks associated with increased competition in the corporate sector, which is at the forefront of the African mobile market, new products are not expanding as much as expected.