Innolight (300308 CH)
Fundamentals remain strong despite recent
BUY (Maintain)
market volatility, reiterate BUY
Target Price
RMB150.76
CSP3 (Three Cloud Service Providers, namely Google, Microsoft and Amazon)
plus Meta have announced their earnings recently. The Big Four spent an
(Previous TP
RMB130.71)
aggregate of US$52.9bn in capex in 2Q24 (vs. previous Bloomberg consensus
Up/Downside
31.7%
est. of US$50.6bn), representing a surge of 57.1% following 30.4% growth in
Current Price
RMB114.48
1Q24. The growth is on an already-high base after three years of growth hikes
China Semiconductors
in capex (38%/34%/19% YoY) from 2020-22 and reaching a nearly historical
peak (US$148bn) in 2023. Like Sundar Pichai said on Alphabet's 2Q24 earning
Lily YANG, Ph.D
call, "the risk of under-investing is dramatically greater than the risk of over-
investing." The Big Four confirmed that they will continue to make heavy
investments to meet the rising AI compute demand.
Kevin ZHANG
A number of investors have shown concern about the recent market turmoil in
the tech sector, which we believe was driven primarily by 1) mixed earnings
results, 2) fear of a US recession, and 3) uncertainty over the upcoming US
Stock Data
presidential election. Market sell-offs intensified even further after the
unexpected interest rate hike by the Bank of Japan as carry trades of USD and
ven unwind.
Despite those noises, we remain positive on the longer-term AI investment
theme as growth of major CSPs' capex remained intact in 2Q24. As a key
beneficiary, Innolight remains our top pick. We think Innolight's current
Shareholding Structure
valuation (22.8x/15.3x 2024/25E P/E) appears attractive amid the recent market
pull-back (35%+ decline since peak in July). Reiterate BUY with new TP at
RMB150.8. Previous target price of RMB130.71 had already accounted for the
effects of ex-rights and ex-dividends.
Share Performance
The impact of Nvidia's design flaws in new chips should be limited.
Another concern on Innolight is Nvidia's recent design flaws on its new GPU
chip (link). Investors worry this may lead to delay or even cancellations of
Nvidia's products, which may negatively affect the revenue outlook of
Source: FactSet
Innolight's supply chain. However, the impact should be limited in our view,
12-mth Price Performance
given that this issue has been identified in the early stage and is a solvable
technique difficulty. The mass production of Blackwell chips will begin in
4Q24 and the majority of revenue contribution is expected to be in 2025. In
addition, any impact of new chip shipment should be offset by an extended
lifecycle of H series.
Reiterate BUY with adjusted TP at RMB150.76. We revise up revenue
forecasts by 6%/11% and NP forecasts by 11%/23% for 2024/25E, on
Source: FactSet
stronger capex outlook of cloud companies (16%/21% increase in 2024/25E
capex forecasts from Feb and 5%/8% increase from May). Based on recent
earnings calls, hyperscalers will continue to invest in AI infrastructure
(39%/13% capex growth for the Big Four in 2024/25E by Bloomberg
consensus). As a key beneficiary, Innolight's strong product portfolio
(400G/800G/1.6T coming by 2024 year-end) is well-positioned to capitalize
on this AI momentum. The new TP is based on the same 30x 2024E P/E,
which is 9% higher than 5-year historical avg. of forward P/E (27.4x),
implying a PEG ratio close to 1x (vs. 32% 2024-26E EPS CAGR). Therefore,
we think Innolight's current valuation (22.8x/15.3x 2024/25E P/E) looks
attractive. Reiterate BUY. Potential risks include: 1) intensified geopolitical
tensions, 2) slower-than-expected new product ramp-up progress, 3)
slowdown in cloud capital spending and 4) supply chain bottlenecks.
Hyperscalers and Meta's capex adjustment
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates, Bloomberg consensus
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.