The long-term advantage of new energy is evident in the fall in the market and the fall in subsidies, which have led to the production of a three-quarterly report by the company and the collection of 93.822 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019.
The net profit loss is $153 million. New energy vehicle sales fall and subsidies fall and short-term performance is under pressure. 47,000 vehicles were sold in the third quarter, down 31.47 per cent in the same season, and full implementation began in the third quarter.
With the 2019 subsidy rate, the net electric vehicle subsidy has been reduced by more than 50%. Double pressure continues to be applied and new subsidy standards continue to be enforced by the fourth quarter, with company short-term performance expected, chassis technology innovations, and product power rising across the board.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Allied, companies significantly improved their car design and appearance, with new product prototypes up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
It's very creative, it's worth a lot of effort, and there's a whole range of innovations in bottom-training techniques. There's an overall increase in product strength, and Songpro, with its product strength and value for money, has become the new Bialdi (002594).
The same class of blasted cars has improved fuel shorts, and the energy kings are in a strong position. - 2019/08/21 Biadi (002594), New Energy Cars, has a good mid-year.
Short-term demand for new energy is weak, and the advantages of the whole industry chain are evident. As subsidies are phased out, the future growth of power out of batteries - 2019/07/07 - takes into account the impact of the macroeconomic downturn, short-term demand for new energy vehicles remains weak.
Bialdi (002594) The new energy vehicle is in a state of weakness, soft. Some of the new energy technologies in the weak city environment are being phased out, and the “Dynamite +e network” guarantees future growth.
Companies with strong technology will gradually win. Companies will move from upstream raw materials, to medium-stream batteries, machine control and core parts, to downstream cars, and new energy chains will be well configured and better equipped to manage the costs of industrial chains. At the same time, emphasis will be placed on technological innovation and product layout.
Accomplishment, with clear long-term advantages in the area of new energy. Investment advice: companies, as champions of new energy vehicles, have a long-term good market profile; markers and technology build-up; industry-wide chain layouts are perfect; short-term performance, while under pressure, is long-term.
The Department's preponderance in the area of new energy vehicles is expected to continue with a “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.