Business performance is lower than expected and does not change the long-term logic
The source of financial prosperity in the East is $265 million (-60.68 per cent). The company ' s core business air engines and derivatives have grown steadily for the third consecutive year since their reorganization in 2014, with foreign trade sub-contracting having remained largely stable at around $2.5 billion, while non-aerial product operations have continued to contract, significantly from $8,723 million in 2014.
The main focus was evident, with a contraction to 834 million yuan in 2017, and the significant increase in the Māori ratio of aviation engines and derivatives from manufacturing costs has slowed down, delaying business performance.
Analysis has shown that the decline in the Māori rate of core products was mainly influenced by a significant increase in manufacturing costs, which in 2017 were related to large increases in fixed asset inputs by companies in recent years, partly depreciated or accounted for by manufacturing costs, leading to high manufacturing costs and a drag on Māori levels, with additional fixed assets depreciated at $1.16 billion in 2017.
Shen Yang's fastest-growing early dawn in the four main engine mainframes is evidence of the progressive maturity of the super-line engines into the company's main product. From the performance of the four \triangleright engine hosts: 10,517 million yuan in revenue from air engines and derivatives in 2017.
15.27 per cent; the company's own Western Air Line realized $5.495 billion, an increase of 5.31 per cent; the company's air engine and derivatives were generated 3,541 million yuan, an increase of 1.85 per cent; and the company's overall business income and revenue was earned 2,111 million yuan, an increase of 3.78 per cent, from Leyang, Guizhou.
Ten billion dollars have been raised, the balance sheet has improved significantly, and there is a greater potential to lower financial costs. At the end of September 2017, the company implemented a $9.63 billion \triangleright value-added tax reduction that directly benefits the company by reducing its costs, while at the same time it will benefit from future reform of its military pricing rules.
At its Standing Meeting, the Court decided to reduce the VAT rate from 17% to 16% for manufacturing and other sectors as of 1 May 2018. The military-industrial enterprises were exempt from the VAT on the overall loading chain, but the cost of their procurement of general raw materials was included in the tax (with a 17% VAT on the prices of the apparel manufacturer ' s products). In the past, the lump-sum enterprises were unable to deduct the tax, and the value-added rate for manufacturing and other industries was reduced by one percentage point, corresponding to a drop in the total.
The average net interest rate for our military-industrial companies is currently around 2.3 per cent, and the average net interest rate for military-industrial companies in the sub-system category is 6.5 per cent, and we have organized the net profit level of nine large military-industrial companies abroad, including Loma, ge and so on, with an average of 7.9 per cent and much higher than the shipping-driven net interest rate of 4.1 per cent in 2016.
The company's long-term growth logic is extremely certain. The company is the only domestic supplier, scarce and unique, with a steady expectation of growth in performance, and well-defined, independent of external situations, such as the economic situation, which is the only characterization that is supported by the “double-purpose” approach. We believe that the company's performance is now at a turning point, while it is about to enter the Tenth.
At the peak of the second half of the military order delivery cycle, a series of super-line engines are maturing, and the performance of each mainframe model will be expected over the next few years. East’s financial boom is very promising.
In the long run, the blue-basket attributes and the scarce value of assets of the military-industrial complex will grow. The total-package company has a sufficient volume of products, a significant scale of operations and a complete production system, which in turn dominates and leads the country’s military-industrial development system, and which eventually translates into an accelerated expansionary growth that will allow it to fully enjoy the enormous market opportunities of modern defence.
The air engine model is not as mature as expected; the company's performance is not as high as expected.
Master ' s degree from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, four years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the China-China securities, the Great Wall securities, and joined the East-Hungsing Securities Military Industries Group in 2017.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.