Merchant ship multi-factor catalysts for oil shipments are on the rise, and lang's operations are on the rise for the future, with the largest global Vlcc fleet and the world's leading bulk fleet.
A flexible and dynamic business strategy for the long-term deep-farming shipping industry, where company performance efficiency and stability are clearly ahead of peers, and a diversified portfolio of gas, which is expected to help smooth the volatility of oil operations. The current downward trend is already in place, either driven by multiple factors on both the supply and demand sides of the industry, while the company’s dynamic lang business this year is subject to Russian-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U-U.
The impact of the conflict is expected to benefit in the long term, and we see the potential for follow-up to lang’s business and give companies a higher rating.
With multiple factors driving or leading to historical levels, the company's largest Vlcc fleet, which is now the world's leading in terms of its expanding size, in recent years the company has evolved into a diversified portfolio of “2+n” that allows it to diversify into a single industry in a strong shipping cycle.
This year’s aggressive lang operation, influenced by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, runs the risk of high volatility. At the same time, the company spreads the risk by using the flexible dynamics of its long-term deep-deep shipping industry, and its business efficiency and stability are clearly ahead of it, with the company in 2021 in the history of low-end oil shipments.
With only a small loss, the net return on and revenue from the company continued to grow in 2017-2021, and the company’s operations have gradually become weak and growth-oriented. The reverse trend at the bottom of the oil shipment has been achieved, with many factors driving up the cycle.
There will be more catalysts for the future: 1) supply end. No new orders have been issued for more than a year before vlcc, no waterfalls will appear for the next two years, while the new environmental regulations for eexi will be in force by early 2023, and it is expected that the new environmental regulations will limit the effective supply of ships due to the speed of the downside. 2) Demand end. First, the oil reserves of major European and American countries will be limited.
At a historically low level, the demand elasticity of future reservoirs is high, and the next Russian-Ukrainian conflict has led to a very long transport distance, and the change in demand to raise ton-km is irreversible. Finally, American shale oil has been consumed by the epidemic for almost two years.
Dispersal shipments are currently under pressure from the industrial economy, and supply ends are slowly rising pending follow-up. The company’s dispersed operations are relatively robust, vloc has a locking ratio of 100%, and customers are mainly in the Brazilian fresh water valley.
The downside has led to a decline in iron and steel production, which in turn has affected the maritime demand for coal and iron ore, as well as to a decline in the price index for bulking vessels, although, on the supply side, the distribution rate is low, while fewer new orders are added, bulk cargoes have been on average for nearly five years, the average age of ship scrapping is low, and the overall supply at the end is growing slowly.
It is expected that the follow-up distribution operation will resume as the demand side warms. The shipment is clearly down and the eng transport layout will increase in the future. The shipment is currently affected by the demand side. The price index is noticeably weak, while new ship orders have been collected over the past two years, follow-up supply ends or face larger challenges.
Pressure, though, has dropped to levels that are close to pre-epidemiological levels, considering the monopoly union, the association and port congestion, the limited space for further sharp declines in future transport, and we believe that post-epidemiological convergence will strike a new balance with adverse and beneficial multiple factors. Ing transport will be affected by the Russian-Turkish conflict in the future.
In the long term, one is that the Russian-European pipeline gas pipeline will significantly increase lang as a proportion of the gas trade, and the other is that Europe is seeking to increase ng imports from the United States to replace some of the Russian gas gap, while Europe is moving to the United States at a distance, with a significant increase in demand for tons. The company is gradually increasing the strategic layout of eng transport this year.
The future potential of the company’s lang business is low demand for oil, the risk of a significant increase in fuel prices, the risk of a significant drop in the aggregate prices, and the global workforce.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations Transport: shipping ports
I. COMPANIES: The diversity of strategic layouts goes through cycles, and dynamic business strategy leads: (i) company profile: a global leader in integrated shipping, from “1” to “2+n.” Merchant ships were established in December 2004 and preceded by more than a hundred-year-old China’s recent generation.
In December 2006, the company was listed in a stock market, which began with a more homogeneous business structure, mainly in the historical lead oil tankers. In August 2014, the company and the China-China-Souther Shipping Company funded the establishment of the Vlcc joint venture, which has since begun operations and operations.
The acquisition of 100 per cent of the assets of dry bulk shipping vessels and eng vessels from China and abroad, the gradual consolidation of tanker shipping operations through a series of capital operations and the expansion of dry bulk, lang, roll-on operations, etc., during which the corporate bulk fleet expanded significantly, with the world’s leading fleets of vlcc and vloc. In October 2021, the company acquired 100 per cent of the share in the central and outbound shipment fleet.
The main shareholders are the Chamber of Commerce Ship Company Ltd. and the China-Plus Group, which effectively controls the Group of Contracting Chambers. As of the third quarter of 2022, the Bureau of Merchant Shipping Company Ltd. and the Group of China-Plus held 54.15% and 13.48% of the shares of the Company, respectively.
Financial subsidiaries, the latter being large State-owned petrochemical enterprises, the strong power of controlling shareholders and the cooperation with the petrochemical giants provide good guarantees for the development of merchant ships.
The company’s main responsibility is the company’s tanker transport operations, the Hong Kong China Shipping Company’s main business is the dry bulk operations, and the acquired Chinese and foreign shipping was the company’s new container operations in late 2021, in Guangzhou.
Merchant Rolling Transport Co. Ltd. is primarily responsible for rolling-on-ship operations, and Clng, co-invested with China Sea Energy, is the company's liquefied natural gas (ii) business structure: “oil dispersion” bi-operator + “gas gas” diversified layout.
The increase, from 19.52 per cent to 36.94 per cent, was due mainly to the expansion of the company ' s bulk carrier capacity from 34 to 82. In 2021, the oil transport market fell into a low valley, the oil transport business received a lower percentage, and the dispersion of the company ' s bulk fleet expanded further owing to a higher climate, with a further increase in the spread of the cargo fleet, reaching 46.58 per cent.
The “oil spill” contributed to elasticity in the cyclical mismatch, bringing together operations as an important part of a multifaceted layout. The company’s oil transport operations and dispersion operations have experienced more marked cyclical misallocation in recent years. In 2020, the oil well-being of the oil well-being, which contributed $3.678 billion, an increase of 78.89 per cent, or 79.97 per cent, over the same period; and in 2021, the oil-carrying industry was in a state of depression, with a high rate of dispersion over the same period.
In 2021, the company consolidated its operations through the acquisition of the strategic layout of the MCM, which contributed 48.15 per cent to Māori in the high-profile circumstances of the year, achieving a profit of 1,845 million yuan, an increase of 147.32 per cent over the same period, and integrated operations became an important part of the multidimensional layout, thus making a more visible contribution to the company ' s performance.
On 11 August, the fully-owned subsidiary entered into an agreement with the major shipwrecks and the Chinese-ship trade to build 2+2 m3 of large lang ships. On April, the wholly-owned subsidiary signed 3 ship-to-ship agreements with the Chinese-owned shipping line. On 11 August, the company proposed to invest $61.7 million in co-contracted Clng replenishments to establish a new joint venture vessel. On 26 September, the company exercised the terms of the previous agreement for the construction of 2+2 lang vessels.
Right to build, coupled with the signing of a new second phase of construction cooperation agreement for 2 + 2 eng vessels. (iii) Power: the oil flotilla is a world leader, the fleet has expanded significantly in recent years, the fleet structure is dominated by large ships, and the fleet of its own vessels is younger as a whole. The company has a larger fleet structure, with a larger proportion of large vessels and tanker ships.
The weight of Vlcc under the fleet’s flag is more than 90% of the company’s overall fleet, and it is the absolute main ship type for tanker transport. The bulk fleet’s weight of 325,000 and 400,000 heavy-ton vloc under Hong Kong’s flag of Minghua is also the main vessel for bulk transport, and the combined size and weight of the fleet account for 33.33% and 68.57% of the fleet, respectively.
The average age of the company ' s vlcc ship is 7.3 years, the average age of the vloc in the 400,000-cargo tonnage class is 4.8 years, and the average age of the vloc in the 325,000-cargo class is not too long, and the average age of the remaining bulk carriers is only 1.4 years, while the average age of the other types of ships is mostly within 10 years.
According to the current company’s tankers and bulk carriers, the overall ageing of the ships as a whole has had a positive impact on the continued ability of the successor companies to operate in the market. The second-largest tanker shipowner, the world’s first Vlcc fleet. The company’s fleet of tankers is the world’s leading, according to Clark.
According to Sen, as of May 2022, the company as a whole had 103 tanker fleets carrying 1,846 million loads of heavy tons, with the company as a whole having the second-largest capacity in the world by weight, after the country's mid- and long-range sea energy, of which the number of vlcc was 51, with a load of 15,77 million heavy tons, and the two transport indicators of vlcc were ranked first in the world.
Large-scale expansion began during the year, when the company completed the acquisition of China ' s commercial and commercial ships, Shanghai and other companies, expanding the bulk fleet from 34 in 2017 to 82 in 2018, acquiring assets of the Chinese and foreign shipping dry cargo ships in 2020, and the bulk fleet entering, according to Clarkson, as of May 2022, the number of the company ' s current bulk fleet was 115, carrying 13.19 million loads.
(iv) State of business: Plurality smooths business fluctuations, dynamic strategy leads competitors, benefits from corporate diversity, and business performance has increased steadily in the last five years. Companies achieved 24,412 million yuan in revenue in 2021, a year-on-year increase.
The company is in a more cyclical maritime industry, but in recent years has gradually expanded the bulk fleet, building on the traditional masters of oil transport, and the acquisition of bulk carriers has expanded the clustering operations, continued strong lang operations, and diversified layouts have left the overall performance of the company unaffected by the volatility of a single business, and continued upswing in net profits from revenue collection and repatriation.
The bulk fleet operates relatively robustly, and the tanker fleet operates with considerable experience. The company operates a steady bulk fleet, with a 100% locking rate for vloc, the main client is the Brazilian fresh water valley, with a relatively low locking rate for vlcc, and the dry bulk freight price index, owing to its high volatility, makes its performance less volatile than that of oil, depending on the level of gross domestic product for all operations over the years.
Over the last five years, the Māori rate has been 52.99%, 18.42%, 6.46%, respectively, and the operations of the two major industries have been less volatile than those of oil. The tankers have had more than 40 years of international market operations as historical owners, have experienced multiple shipping cycles, have taken over most of the international oil companies, and have had more experience in dealing with market fluctuations.
Dynamic adjustment of business strategies and lock-in speeds, and precision analysis of spot-highs in the spot. Companies are good at keeping pace with market changes, often increasing their profitability by locking in high prices at higher prices, as in the case of the company tanker fleet in the second quarter of 2020, which captures the market landscape, and the Panamanian fleet in the third quarter of the year, which captures the opportunity for significant increases in prices, reaps high returns in the spot.
Business efficiency and stability leads by a strong alpha attribute. After 2018, the company’s ability to operate and to earn a profit was unique among the oil tanker companies, and the company’s alpha attribute was mainly two points: 1) through a diversified portfolio of business investments, the public sector was able to spread the risks associated with the high volatility of a single business in a strong shipping cycle, and corporate operations were gradually becoming weak and mixed.
Growth attributes. 2) The company's ability to handle the wheels is excellent, as demonstrated by the worst market conditions in the last five years of oil transport in 2021, the long-term negative value of Vlcc-tce in 2021 and the large losses of most of the major oil tanker companies, both domestic and foreign.
In the last five years, the sudden surge in the price of the vlcc shipment was almost accompanied by an unexpected event. 1) The US announced sanctions on Iran in May 2018, and the vlcc-tce fell after a four-quarter period. After the US imposed sanctions on Iran, it established a six-month buffer period, the market reacted flatly in the first three months, until the last three months of the buffer period, fearing that the sanctions would be followed.
The impact on the supply of crude oil and oil prices has been on the rise, as crude oil trade by sea has begun to flourish, vlcc-tce prices have increased significantly since September, from a low of $384 per day in September to a high of $35772 per day in December, and tce prices have begun to decline as Iran's crude oil exports have declined significantly.
2) In September 2019, two of China's sons were sanctioned by the U.S. and after the sanctions, the traders panicled and many oil tankers were cancelled due to the fact that China and China control the world's second largest Vlcc fleet and the world's first tanker fleet, the global supply of oil tankers was restricted, and the price of the Vlcc-tce was reduced.
By October, 200,000 USD/day was exceeded. 3) The epidemic affected crude oil demand, production pre-opc fell, and tce prices jumped. In April 2020, the global crude oil affected by the epidemic needed to weaken, while a quarter of the major crude oil-exporting countries, Saudi Arabia and Russia, failed to reach a cut-off agreement and instead started price wars and declarations.
Bu will increase crude oil production, the volume of crude oil production will continue to rise inversely, and the severe imbalance between supply and demand has led to a sharp drop in oil prices on 20 April to US$38 per barrel, a historic “negative oil price”, a sharp fall in oil prices that has led to a large demand for financial arbitrage and crude oil replenishment, and a sharp increase in vlcc-tce, which on 16 March was the highest ever price of US$ 264.1 million per day in almost a decade.
4) The conflict in the Russian Federation has resulted in limited market capacity and a rapid fall in prices after a brief rise in prices. In March 2022, when the conflict broke out in the Russian Federation, Western countries began to impose massive sanctions on Russia, Russian tanker fleets were temporarily excluded from charterers, the power of oil tankers on the market was limited for a short period of time, the prices of vlcc-tce were clearly increased, and the cost of tankers rose as fuel prices rose, and the overall supply of oil was more demanding.
In early August 2022, Vlcc-tce had its first positive change of year and a half, and in October, the latest shipment of Vlcc-tce had exceeded $40,000 per day. At the beginning of July 2022, oil prices were still around $20,000 per day, with negative prices for more than a year in a row and weak oil markets.
The situation is almost rare in the history of oil transport, with major oil tanker companies operating at home and abroad facing significant losses. Since July, Vlcc-tce prices have gradually risen, until August 5, 2022, when Vlcc-tce prices reached $39 per day, the first correction in a year and a half, and the latest shipment in October, Vlcc-tce, passed by $40,000 per day.
The main driving force behind the rise in shipping prices came from the following three points: on mid-medium, before vlcc-tce, on 14 July, td3c-tce, at $702 per day, and on 14 June, one month earlier, td3c-tce was still at $22.775 per day, followed by the recovery of China's crude oil imports.
As of 20 October, the most recent Vlcc-tce shipment was over $40,000 per day and td3c-tce over $70,000 per day. 2) U.S. crude oil exports increased. eia data show that U.S. crude oil exports reached new highs in recent years on 12 August 2022.
5 million barrels per day, now that Europe is seeking to reduce its dependence on Russian energy for import substitution in the United States, the United States market share of American oil in Europe has expanded, and the United States is becoming a preferred supplier of increased oil at a time of energy crisis in Europe. 3) Fuel prices have fallen rapidly, tanker transport costs have decreased, pushing tce up the price.
As of 20 October, the price of high sulphur fuel was $367 per ton and the price of low sulphur fuel was $704 per ton, down 47 and 37 per cent, respectively, compared to the year’s high. As a result of the equivalent rental period (tce) = (the total freight cost for the long-range lease + the port + the cost for the other voyages)/the actual distance charter days, the rapid drop in the price of fuel oil reduced the cost of tanker transportation.
This increase is significantly different from the drivers of the price increases of recent years. The increase in the price of tce, which began in July, is characterized by several important features: there were no geopolitical or major events leading to demand or supply for crude oil during the price increases.
Impacted. 2 The price increases were gradual rather than sudden surges, driven mainly by an improvement in spontaneous supply and demand.3 The rise in transport prices partly benefited from a fall in fuel oil prices, but only from an increase in crude oil prices under unfavourable conditions, which remained high, but gradually recovered in a year and a half in a bear market. 5 This increase occurred in the light season of tanker transport markets and was characterized by a steady decline in the base season.
In view of the above-mentioned drivers, we judge that the bottom shift of tanker transport has been upwards or has been formed. (i) Supply end: vlcc has been without new orders for more than a year in a row, and future improvements on the supply end are expected to be evident.
The impact of the sting began to appear. In 2019, the Vlcc delivery reached 68, the highest delivery ever recorded for nearly five years, while the dismantling volume was only four, the supply of power increased significantly, and the major countries “crushed down” in 2020, while the oil shipment price was kept at a relatively high level, the effects of excess supply were diluted at a relatively high market level, and then as oil prices recovered,
The bulk of the country's crude oil reserves began to go to stock, the effects of the deterioration in the supply of oil became apparent, and the oil market was trapped in the bear market for about a year and a half, during which the price of the vlcc-tce shipment remained at a negative yield level. The average age of the vlcc dismantling was around 20 years and the current average age of the vlcc fleet was 10.5 years.
Longer, the standards of environmental protection and safety requirements for tankers were relatively low at that time, followed by a reduction in the overall period of decommissioning, approximately 20 years, as environmental and safety standards improved. In terms of the average age of the fleet, there was a downward trend in the average age of the fleet from 2008 to 2012, with more additional capacity, with the average age of the fleet as a whole rising trend from 2013 to the present.
The percentage of vlcc over 15 years of service is about 1/4 and there is a greater potential for shipbreaking in the future. The current vlcc fleet is gradually ageing. By age structure, the percentage of vlcc over 10 years of age is more than half. The highest percentage of the vlcc fleet, 10-15 years of age, is 30.3%. The percentage of vlcc over 15 years of age is 26.2%, and the percentage of vlcc over 20 years of age is 10.3%.
It appears that the highest number of Vlcc ships with four years of service is 68, and the number of ships with 18-23 years of service is 29, 28, 34, 32, 17 and 34, respectively, and that the average age of Vlcc ships for dismantling is usually around 20 years of age, which is present in the next two years
Figure 28. Vlcc Fleet age distribution (as of September 2022) The dismantling of tankers is related to the difference in the price of second-hand ships and ship scrapping, which facilitates Vlcc dismantling. Compared with the difference in the price of second-hand ships and ship scrapping in the last 10 years, the concentration of shipbreaking in 2013, 2018 and 2021, second-hand ships and dismantling
In contrast to the low price differentials in the proceeds of ships in 2015 and 2020, the monthly fees for the dismantling of used ships were very large and the number of ship scrappings was very small. vlcc had no new orders for more than a year, with a 4.5 per cent share of hand orders, and was at an absolute low level in history. 2021 was due to the oil market.
As of August 2022, vlcc had no new orders for more than one year in a row, with only 40 on hand orders and nearly 10 years of low demand.
4.5%, at an absolute low level, with no water coming out of the tanker market in the next two years, we believe that oil tankers are being provided with unenvironmentally new supplies at a rate of speed and that tankers are being effectively transported or restricted. According to company announcements, about 20% of ships are now full of eexi requirements, about 80% are not met, and about 8,200 tankers around the world are currently satisfied, about 30% (including all types of ships)
Eexi, however, has a low rate of satisfaction, with the company’s vlcc fleet meeting about 50% of the requirements for eexi, which does not meet the requirements, and further measures are needed (primarily to limit the power of the mainframe output, etc.). The current speed of the tankers is around 11.1, 10% of the overall carbon emissions, the new environmental regulations are about to come into effect, some of them are facing a slowdown, and the tankers are effectively operating or are limited.
(ii) At the end of demand: in the short term, in view of the European energy crisis, attention has been given in the medium and long term to the need to replenish reservoirs, shale oil recovery and long distances. For the last 10 years, prices are generally relevant to crude oil end demand and are more relevant to crude oil stock levels.
At a time when global economic development is rapid and end demand is more robust, the effect of crude oil end demand on crude oil prices is relatively high, but the relationship between rounding up nearly a decade of crude oil prices and the original end demand and crude oil stock levels shows that freight prices are generally relevant to the original end demand and are more relevant to the level of crude oil stocks, when crude oil starts to replenish stocks and prices.
Prices fall when crude oil goes to the reservoir stage. Prices are more sensitive to changes in crude oil stocks, partly because global economic growth has slowed over the last decade, and often the change in demand for replenishments is faster than the change in end demand (a steeper curve) and thus has a more significant impact on prices.
Figure 35. Prices associated with crude oil end demand for the last 10 years are generally Figure 36. Prices associated with crude oil stock levels for the last 10 years are highly correlated with “North Creek I” and supply has completely ceased, with short-term European demand for crude oil or continued to be over-expected. Europe began a full-scale stoppage in August 2022.
In early September, Russian coal was completely out of supply at North Creek I, while North Creek I was the main pipeline for Russian gas exports, with a normal year of 170 million cubic metres of daily gas flowing into Europe, with the current winter coming and new sources of energy, such as photovoltaic wind power in Europe, not yet close to the Russian energy gap, and its energy reserves must rely on alternatives such as crude oil, coal, lang, and short-term Europe.
With the crisis unfolding, its crude-oil demand or continued to exceed expectations. A longer period of crude-oil reserves began to go to stock around the month, partly because major countries like Europe and the United States undertook a larger crude-oil replenishment when oil prices plunged in April 2020, followed by a rise in crude-oil prices, a steady flow of crude-oil reserves, and the current situation.
The overall stock level in the major countries of Europe and America is low, followed by a high potential to replenish the crude oil reservoir, which is expected to lead to oil shipments in the medium term to historical lows, a gradual increase in the number of new wells in the United States, and a gradual narrowing of the gap between the number of new wells and the number of completed wells. Because of the current stock wells (duc) = new wells = completed wells + last-period inventory wells (duc), the epidemic has affected the United States shale oil in the past.
Duc has been converted into a well to sustain production, falling from 8835 in June 2020 to 4277 in July 2022, during which time the duc has fallen by more than half, although the difference between the number of new wells and the number of completed wells is gradually narrowing, and the difference between the two is almost equal, and we judge that duc is or is about to turn up, and that the number of new wells in the future will probably increase by more than the number of completed wells.
US shale oil production has gradually recovered and is expected to go up with the new wells and duc. In August 2022, US shale oil production will reach 9,049,000 barrels per day in August, US shale oil production will reach 9,090 million barrels per day in the past month, and the disease-affected duc has been consumed heavily over the past period.
The Russian-Turkish conflict has changed Europe’s crude-oil import pattern, and Europe’s crude-oil-import distance has increased significantly. Before the conflict broke out, the European Union’s oil supply had risen.
Oil imports have been more dependent on Russia, which is the most oil-importing country in the European Union, accounting for more than a quarter of the total EU crude oil exports from Iraq, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia. Post-conflict Europe is committed to moving away from Russia's dependence on oil and seeking to import alternatives from crude oil producing areas such as the Middle East, North America and West Africa, as compared to the Mediterranean or the Black Sea, from which the European Union has moved.
(iii) Oil prices and freight: demand, cost, arbitrage, low-stock oil shipments benefit from falling oil prices. The impact of oil prices on oil movements cannot be ignored. We believe that the impact of oil prices on oil movements is mainly on the demand side, on the cost side, and on the market set.
The fall in oil prices is not necessarily a sine qua non for the high oil prices, but under the conditions of low global crude oil stocks, the fall in oil prices is probably a sufficient condition for the high oil prices. 1) The impact of oil prices on the demand side of oil transport follows the path of rising prices for low inventories -- the fall in oil prices -- the crude oil reservoirs. This path is the best.
The case is reflected in the oil cow market from mid-2014 to early 2016. In July 2014, oecd ' s commercial crude oil stock stood at 1,297 million barrels, at a low overall level, with a monthly average price of $108 per barrel and a high overall, followed by a sharp drop in crude oil, an increase in United States shale gas exports and a strengthening of the dollar, and an increase in crude oil replenishments and higher freight prices.
There was also a sharp drop in oil prices and even negative oil prices in 2020, with the Vlcc-tce shipment price breaking by $200,000, although the stock of crude oil as a whole was at a higher level.) The impact of oil prices on the end of the cost of oil transport follows the rise/down in crude oil prices - higher fuel oil prices - higher/down in transport costs
– tce’s down/upgrade route. tce’s prices = (total fare— (fuel + port + other voyage costs)) / actual distance days. Usually we only notice the impact of rent on tce’s prices. Indeed, most of the rents on tce’s prices are significant, although fuel costs can also have a greater impact on tce’s prices at the cost end.
In composition, fixed-cost ratios such as depreciation of fixed assets are about one-fourths, and fuel costs, as the principal variable ratio, are over one-third, the most important cost of oil operations. Fuel prices rose sharply in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict this past quarter, tce oil prices began to fall after a short period of conflict stimulus, fuel costs rose rapidly, and fuel prices were close to falling since July of this year.
30%, making a clear positive contribution to the increase in the price of tce during the same period. Oil prices followed a sharp drop in crude oil prices for the current arbitrage of oil shipments (contango structure, long-term contract up to almost a month) – rising demand for fuel.
In April 2020, international crude oil futures fell sharply, and a “negative oil price” emerged on the 20th of April, with the oil price booming contagon structure increasing demand for current arbitrage, rising demand for oil, and an increase in the share of Vlcc marine silos from 6.91% at the beginning of March to 11.68% at the end of April.
Limitations, vlcc-tce surges. 4) Oil arbitrage for oil transport areas follows the path of a high price increase in the price of wti-Brent crude oil, which follows changes in demand for and supply of crude oil in the United States, as well as an increase in the attractiveness of the United States crude oil exports.
Brent crude oil is largely dependent on changes in production of oec and changes in demand in Europe and Asia. Logically, when Wti crude oil is heavily watered on Brent crude oil, the relative cheapness of the oil makes it more attractive, the volume of United States crude oil exports increases, and the difference in wti-Brent prices (up by three weeks) is more relevant to US oil exports (a four-week average movement).
Since July, the oil price gap between oil and oil prices has gradually widened, and during the same period there has been an increase in the volume of oil exports from the United States of America and China, and tce freight prices on the td22 route (United States-China) have become apparent (iv) catalysts: if the sanctions on Iranian crude oil exports are lifted, the supply and demand sides of the oil pipeline are expected to benefit simultaneously if Iran crude oil exports resume or will cause oil prices to fall, vlcc surge demand has increased and tankers have been effectively transported, or have been constrained.
The fall in oil prices will increase the willingness of major European and American countries to replenish their crude oil reserves. In April 2020, oil prices plunged, the percentage of vlcc floats rose, leading countries in Europe and the United States began to “crush down,” and crude oil reserves appeared to be visibly replenished, rising from 1,410 million barrels in February 2020 to 1,572 million barrels in April.
Iran’s crude oil export sanctions, if lifted, would increase the supply of crude oil and raise the demand for oil shipments. In November 2018, the average annual export volume of Iran’s crude oil after the United States resumed its regime declined sharply from 1850 kb/day in 2018 to 651 kb/day in 2019.
64.80 per cent of Iranian crude oil production per month was also reduced by 45.25 per cent, from a high of 3823 kb/day in 2018 to a low of 2093 kb/day in 2019. Iranian crude oil production was 11-12 per cent of Oec prior to the United States sanctions, Iranian crude oil production was 2,569 kb/day after the sanctions affected, and Iranian crude oil production was 28716 kb/day.
8.95% of the volume, the lifting of the export sanctions would result in an increase of 2 to 3% in the production of Oec, a significant increase in the supply of crude oil, and an increase in the demand for oil shipments. In the month, Iranian companies controlled a total of 62 tankers, of which 38 vlcc, were older than 9 years old and the tankers were older than 9 years old.
The proportion over 20 years is 39.3 per cent, and the percentage over 20 years of vlcc is 18.4 per cent. The fleet as a whole is seriously ageing, and if the Iranian sanctions are lifted, the price of the old black market ship after normal ships enter will no longer be high, while the old ship will have high operating costs and difficulties of retrofitting, and it is expected that the old ship will soon be dismantled and withdrawn if the benefits decrease.
Figure 50. Iranian-owned companies control the age structure of tankers III. Dispersal: there is pressure in the downside of the industrial economy, supply is slowly increasing and needs to be restored
By 80%. Dry bulk transport has a less competitive pattern, less than 20%, owing to the difficulty of differentiating services and having lower competitive thresholds, greater homogeneity, and the lower timeliness requirements for containers compared to dry bulk than for containerized goods. In terms of freight prices, the price of dry bulk freight fluctuates more widely than that of containers and tankers.
As a result of the fluctuations in the prices of the various shipping types, they fluctuated significantly more than Panama-type and supernaturally. Last October, the bdi index hit a high point of almost 10 years, and then began to fall sharply, with prices falling by the beginning of September.
More than half of them, with the bci index falling by more than 90 per cent in mid-September as compared to last year, but in mid-September there was a shortage of ports and ships due to the congestion of Indonesian coal ports and typhoons, and the start of a sharp rise in high-visibility and Panama-type shipping prices, which led to a rebound in the bdi index. (i) At the end of demand: the global industrial economy went down and demand for bulk transport was under pressure.
The main transport types in the bulk transport industry, including iron ore, coal, cereals, etc., are closely linked to the global industrial economy. In the case of single varieties, iron ore is the largest in the bulk, close to 30%, and coal is close to one quarter, which together accounts for more than half, while iron ore and coal are the raw materials made of steel, which are the main industrial, construction and mechanical industries and most industrial products.
The pmi index, which reflects the global industrial landscape, is related to the dry bulk transport landscape. Pmi is an important indicator of economic activity and is an important indicator of economic performance.
The barometer of economic change, when the global economy recovers, tends to be stronger in the demand for dry bulk transport, with pmi significantly below the glory line due to the epidemic in 2020, followed by pmi moving up to the end of 2021, during which time the bdi index rose significantly. As the global pmi gradually descended to near the glory line, the industrial landscape declined, and the dry freight price index fell.
Global iron and steel production is highly correlated with the bdi index, which leads the latter for about two to three months. Iron and steel production generally requires iron ore and coal. When steel production rises, demand for iron ore and coal increases, iron ore and coal stocks decline, followed by sea trade demand for iron ore and coal, and bdi rises, so iron and steel production moves ahead of bulk prices.
China is the world’s largest coal importer, with domestic coal imports increasing at a much higher rate compared to the osmosis. In 2021, our coal imports amounted to 32.36 million tons, an increase of 6.4%, and in 2020 our coal imports accounted for 20.8% of the world’s total, the world’s largest coal imports.
Carbon-importing countries, where the marginal changes in domestic coal imports have a relatively high impact on dispersion, due to the fact that coal is a relatively large variety of dry bulk transport structures, and where the monthly rate of increase in coal imports is more closely related to bdi, have experienced a marked decline in coal imports since the second half of this year, and the bdi index has shown a significant weakening over the same period.
Australia is the world ' s largest producer and exporter of iron ore, and its production and export of iron ore affects the spread. By 2020, Australia produced 920 million tons of iron ore, accounting for 40.4 per cent of global iron ore production.
Stones are exported, and given the fact that iron ore is the single largest species in the bulk, Australia's iron ore production and exports have a greater impact on the atmosphere, both in terms of bdi-quarter averages and Australian-quarter averages of iron ore production, respectively. Figure 60. Distribution of global iron ore production by 2020
(ii) Subsistence: the share of cargo ships on hand orders is low, the supply of future bulk orders is increasing slowly, the number of cargo ships on hand orders is low and the proportion on hand orders is low. According to Clarkson, as of August 2022, the number of cargo ships on hand orders is 70.19 million heavy tons, the number of ships on hand orders is 901, the proportion of cargo ships on hand orders is only 7.30 per cent, and the number of cargo ships on hand is on hand.
Both the order volume and the order ratio are at a low level of nearly 10 years, and the supply of bulk ships is limited over the next two years, which facilitates the uplifting of freight prices after subsequent heating of demand, while supply is a slow variable, often with greater elasticity when demand is clearly higher than expected.
By 2020, the bulk ship had a high level of shipbreaking and this year ' s net increase in capacity had declined. In 2020, the global economy was expected to be pessimistic, with weak transport demand, low transport prices, and a marked increase in ship scrapping, reaching 15.29 million heavy tons. In 2021 and January-August 2022, shipowners generally had a lower willingness to ship dismantling, with a volume of 5.15 million and 2.36 million heavy tons, respectively, although the reduction in shipbreaking was not conducive to the movement.
This year, as bulk ship deliveries decreased by 6.57 million load tons compared to the same period last year, a decrease is expected in bulk shipping capacity this year, while the current scattering index is clearly declining and the number of scrapped ships may have risen in four quarters. The new bulk ship orders are related to the industry, and the number of new orders this year has dropped significantly.
The impact is clear, usually during the surge in the excursion industry, that the surge in bulk prices will stimulate the owners of bulk ships to place orders on the shipyards, that the overall excruciating climate will return to the Euro-American industrial economy in 2021, and that the bdi index, which was nearly 10 years high at the point of 5500 in October last year, has led to a higher number of new orders from bulk carriers in 2021, compared to the number of new orders from bulk ships in 2013-2014.
Although the bulk rate index was higher than in 2013-2014, the level of the new orders fell short, owing mainly to the fact that some of the shipyards were crowded by containerized ships. The bulk of the bulk rate has fallen since this year, resulting in a significant slide in the number of new orders, and a slow increase in cargo capacity is expected in the future.
The average age of bulk ships continues to run for almost five years and the average age of shipbreaking is low. As of August 2022, the overall average age of bulk ships was 11.44, and since 2016, the overall average age of bulk ships continued to travel, reflecting a slower increase in the current capacity of bulk ships and a lower proportion of new orders from bulk ships, with subsequent average ages expected to continue to rise.
The average age of shipbreaking as a whole is 23.14 years, and the lower average age of ship dismantling helps the bulk ship to clear its capacity and achieve the optimal supply end. In the middle of the section, the bulkships move at a gradual rate, when the excursion market is in an upswing zone, and when the excursion is in a lower range.
At that point, the bulkships have been slow down, although overall, the speed of the bulkships has been relatively stable. Like tankers, the speed of the bulkships will be affected by the new environmental regulations, which will be introduced by imo on 1 January 2023, and the speed of the bulkships will be reduced, which will in part limit the effective capacity of the bulkships.
IV. ACKNOWLEDGING AND ING TRANSPORTING: Importing the demand-side effect is clearly falling, eng transporting the future shipping star is (i) Increased marginal decline of the conglomerate, post-epidemiology era or new equilibrium
After two years of super-high performance, the current prices have dropped markedly. During the past two years, they have benefited from the full supply and demand mismatches caused by the epidemic. On the one hand, China first controlled the outbreak and resumed work in time after the new crown, while the outbreak in Europe and America has been somewhat delayed. As the epidemic spreads, demand for Chinese industrial goods has increased significantly, while container ships have been unable to increase nominal capacity in the short term.
The combination of port congestion and workers’ strikes has affected the efficient supply of transport, and the IPI has been up all the way, although the current concentration of time points is expected to be affected by the global economic downturn, the demand for transport has declined over the past two years, and there has been a marked decline in the IPI for shipping routes.
Figure 68. Falling prices for major integrated shipping routes. Corporate transport networks cover mainly South-East Asia, where the South-East Asian route price index is down to near pre-epidemiological levels. Central and external transport operations are concentrated in South-East Asia, with service networks covering mainland China to Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, China, etc.
There is little room for further declines, according to the company's 2021 report. By the end of 2021, the department had 16 vessels, 13 chartered ships, 597.7 tons of cargo and 43.7 million tons of containers, although the air cover.
We believe that a new balance will emerge in the post-epidemiological era, in the aggregate, or in the future. The current price index, which is influenced by demand, is noticeably weak, with more orders for new shipments over the past two years, and more supplies for follow-up shipments, or is under greater pressure.
However, the outlook for the future, clustering or still partly supports it: 1) Merger now forms three major alliances, presenting a monopolistic pattern of competition that can reduce aggregate supply through cooperative control of market power. Currently, Cr5 is more than 60%, Cr10 is more than 80%, industry is more concentrated, and at the same time, clustering consists of 2 m,
Ocean, the three major alliances, when the fall in transport demand has led to a significant drop in shipping prices, can work together to reduce the risk of stomping down demand by investing in the market. (2) Merger market orders, which are mostly based on long-term agreements, can play a smooth role when prices fall significantly.
Long-term agreements (LTAs) were signed with large clients to lock in the volume of shipments, and, according to Maski, the 2020 LTAs accounted for 45 per cent of the order structure in the aggregating market, the risk of a significant increase in the price of the hedging spot over time after the outbreak, and the ratio of long-term agreements between freight forwarders and customers increased further, and in the synthesizing area, the ITAs would be far higher than the JAC prices for most of the time.
Long-term price agreements (LTAs) can partially support spot prices during the downtime period when spot prices fall substantially, and operate to a smooth effect on the shipowner as a whole.
3) European port congestion and workers’ strikes continue to be some of the constraints on effective transport. According to Clarkson, the container blockage index as a whole is still high, as of August 2022, except for the US-West port congestion, which has significantly eased, US-East and Mediterranean and Black Sea port congestion remains high, while the container port has an average waiting time of about 15 hours, which is significantly higher than the five hours before the outbreak left.
Right averages, and in September 2022, the first two ports of transport in the United Kingdom, the port of Felixto and the port of Liverpool, followed by workers' strikes, forced the shipowners to adjust the ship's schedule, and we believe that port congestion and workers' strikes are still not working well, and that effective transport is still partially limited.
The current IPI has fallen to levels close to pre-epidemiological levels, and we believe that the post-epidemiological clustering will strike a new balance with adverse and favourable multifactors. Under the new balance, the business booms of shipowners will disappear over the past two years, and it will be harder to return to their previous highs without new catalysts, but given the monopolistic agreements, the association and port congestion.
Severely, there is limited scope for further sharp declines in future aggregates, which will stabilize gradually after short-term combined transport price index panic attacks. (ii) The Russian-Ukrain conflict reshapes trade patterns, with lang transporting the future shipping star reaching 4.0 trillion cubic metres of global gas consumption annually, an increase of 4.6 per cent compared to nearly 10 years, with cagr 1.9 per cent, except for the 2020 epidemic.
In the subregion, North America is a major producer of natural gas and a major consumer of natural gas, and Europe and Asia have a large difference in the production of natural gas, which accounted for only 5.2 per cent of the world ' s natural gas production in 2021, while the share of consumption was 14.1 per cent, a difference of 8.9 per cent and a serious imbalance between production and consumption that made Europe natural.
Figure 77. Global natural gas consumption, 2010-2021
The United States and Russia are the main natural gas producers, and their natural gas production has increased significantly in the last decade. In 2021, the United States and Russia produced 934.2 billion cubic metres and 70.1 billion cubic metres, respectively, accounting for 23.1 and 17.4 per cent of global natural gas production. The United States and Russia are the major producers of global natural gas, but in view of the increase in natural gas production over the past decade, US gas production has increased significantly, with US and Russian output rising in 2010.
However, gas production was 575.2 billion cubic metres and 5984 cubic metres, respectively, and Russian gas production was ahead of that of the United States, which in 2011 produced more gas than Russia became the world ' s largest natural gas producer, and gas production grew by 62.4 per cent in 2021 than in 2010 and 17.3 per cent in Russia during the same period.
Figure 79.2021 shows that the share of global gas production in the major countries was more homogeneous than the structure of European gas imports and was heavily dependent on Russia. In 2021, the largest share of European gas imports was Russia, at 39.2%, followed by Norway, which produced the largest share of European gas, at 25.1%.
Imports are relatively homogeneous and heavily dependent on Russia. While the United States is the largest producer of global natural gas and a traditional ally of Europe, the United States accounts for only 7.3 per cent of European gas imports, less than 10 per cent, and less than the 8.2 per cent share of African countries in the European Union gas intake.
In the United States, exports of ng have increased significantly in the last five years, and the global share of ng trade has been rising. The maritime transport of natural gas is mainly via its liquefied lang (licquefiednaturalgas) and then through dedicated ng ships.
By 2021, global ng trade had reached 377 million tons, representing 40% of the natural gas trade, an increase of 8 percentage points from 32% in 2016, and, with the increasing importance of lang trade, maritime lang transport has become increasingly subject to changes in trade patterns in the Russian-Turkish conflict, lang transport is expected to benefit in the long run. Since the outbreak of the Russian-Turkish conflict, the EU has increased its sanctions against Russia.
We believe that the Russian-Ukrainian conflict has changed Europe's natural gas trade pattern, firstly because the pipeline gas that passed through North Creek I and North Creek II will be significantly reduced with the loss of supply and the explosion of pipelines, and Europe will have to increase its maritime transport of lang, whose future share in the natural gas trade is expected to continue to increase; and secondly, Europe will seek to increase its share of the natural gas trade from the United States.
The gap between Galng imports to replace some Russian natural gas and, finally, the trade situation, often difficult to reverse in the short and medium term due to geopolitics, is why we believe that lang transport is expected to benefit in the long term. According to data from e-gas, EU-16 lang imports reached 87.42 million tons in January-September this year, an increase of 77.5 per cent compared to last year ' s year, lang imports from the United States amounted to 36.69 million tons, nearly twice as much as in 2021.
The new pattern of trade is evolving and developing.1 Oil transport operations: in the medium term, we look forward to the elasticity of the performance of the company ' s oil transport operations, which, given the high volatility and impact of oil transport prices, have a direct impact on the revenue and profits of the year, and we base our assumption on optimism, benchmarks, pessimism, and basing it on three angles:
First, we measure the elasticity of the company's tanker fleet performance, assuming that the dollar is 6.7, the ship has 300 days of active operation over a one-year period, and that the estimated Vlcc-tce and aframax-tce prices increase by $10,000 per day, resulting in an increase in corporate revenue of about $1,025 million and $101 million, respectively.
Revenue from the Division ' s oil transport operations is as follows: 2 ambulatory operations: taking into account the decline in the bdi index, which was affected by the global industrial economy, in the second half of 2022, but in the first half of the year, 3 ambulatory operations: the combined shipment prices fell significantly in the third quarter of 2022, but were generally high during the first half of the year, taking into account the global economic downturn
As a result of the reduction in the demand for shipping, and the pressure on the delivery of new ships over the next two years, we believe that the next two years will see a certain fall in the collection of shipping prices. The company is mainly operating a South-East Asian route, and the current price index for that route has fallen to close to the epidemic.
Given the high volatility of the company's shipping industry, we have chosen to use the pb valuation method for the company's valuation analysis, which is 1.42 times the median value of the company's valuation over the last five years, and we appreciate the increase in the company's valuation level as a result of the company's weak cycle growth platform attributes.
2. Fuel prices are at significant risk of rising. The cost of the company’s major maritime transport operations is more affected by the price of fuel, which will increase the company’s overall operating costs, thereby affecting the company’s profitability.
3. The risk of a significant drop in aggregate prices is evident in the current trend of high drops in the container transport index, which would affect aggregate demand in the future if the global economy were to decline significantly, while future increases in the supply side of a combined shipment would also have a negative impact on corporate operations.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)