High gold prices support profits, and q4's performance is expected to be high.
Central gold (600,489.sh) is 1.8 per cent more than in the previous year; net profit of shareholders belonging to parent companies is 2,643 million yuan, or 27.55 per cent more than in the previous year; net profit of shareholders belonging to parent companies is 2,618 million yuan, or 24.84 per cent more than in the previous year.
13.95 per cent; net profits of 900 million yuan for shareholders belonging to the parent company, an increase of 27.29 per cent over the same period, and a decline in production of mineral gold by the ring q3 affected performance: in the first three quarters of 2024, the company produced 13.05 tons of mineral gold, 4.13 tons of mineral gold, 876 tons of smelting gold, 20.4 million tons of mineral copper and 10,91 million tons of electrolytic copper.
Development of a programme of action for “promoting efficiency gains and returns” to promote high-quality corporate development: During the reporting period, companies developed a programme of action for “promoting efficiency gains and returns” for 2024, focusing on value creation and resource security, adhering to a resource lifeline strategy, proactively integrating into a new round of strategic search-for-mine breakthroughs and increasing the domestic focus on mining
Geologic exploration efforts in the region have been intensified, efforts have been made to expand the perimeter resources and deepen the search for mines, and efforts have continued to increase the integration of resources in the surrounding areas of the enterprise, with plans to increase the deposits of additional gold and metals by 26.86 tons and copper and metals by 47,000 tons, while steady progress has been made in resource mergers and acquisitions. At the same time, companies have focused on digitalization, greening and transformation.
Development, continued and increased investment in research and development, accelerated development of technological and technological innovation systems that are specific to their own characteristics and that correspond to mining smelters, expanded the lead effect of technology collating, worked to extend the chain-up chain, step by step to explore rare and small metal recovery processes in the smelting process, and promoted digitization and intelligent mountain construction in batches
(a) To implement modernization with efficiency, management, safety, high-quality upgrading of technological processes in all its aspects;
q2 performance is at a risk of a significant drop in the cost of work; sales of company mineral gold and mineral copper are below the expected risk; and new company projects are at a slower pace than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.