The first three quarters saw business earnings of $15.63 billion, a year-on-year increase.
3.4%; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $2.35 billion, a 28.1% decrease in the same year; low collection per share; acquisition of sam operations, which is still in the consolidation phase, low rates of extra-legal Māori and short-term pressure on company performance. As domestic car sales are warming, sam integration is advancing and extra-legal sales are improving, no.
Aluminium platinum products are expected to increase their performance. They are expected to open up new growth space with a significant increase in the volume of bicycles. 5.3 pct lower than in the previous year, mainly due to lower Māori rates during the acquisition of sam integration and lower gross profits from the sale of floating glass.
Four cost rates are 19.7%, equal to the same rate. Income increases are small, but the Māori rate drops sharply, with net profits falling by 28.1%. q3 domestic car sales fell by a narrow margin, with incomes growing by 6.1% over the year, while a one-time gain of $450 million under Māori results in a higher base for the same period. Aluminium accoutrements and the impact of equity transfer earnings are deducted.
After that, the profit margins of ebitda remained stable in the previous three quarters. The sam integration was well advanced, and the prospect of increasing the value of the bicycles was promising. The company completed the acquisition of the German sam alumni assets in February 2019, with the consolidation period delaying the Māori rate and performance.
Integration efforts, such as the national factory, have progressed well, with q3 losses reduced, and q1 is expected to be consolidated next year, with a new growth point to follow. Aluminium glimmers worth 150-200 euros, higher than car glass, are expected to open up a new growth space for the company.
Aluminium glitters, in conjunction with a combination of integrated products, are expected to develop. The product structure continues to be upgraded, and exterior sales are expected to improve.
Accommodative, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly, smart integration, and product upgrading are expected to lead to higher unit prices. In the first three quarters, high-value-added products such as company insulation, sound insulation, packaging modularization, etc., increased by 2.2 pct compared to the same period last year, and product structural upgrading is expected to lead to higher average unit prices, better corporate income and higher performance.
Glossy Glass – Short-term performance pressure, new products opening up growth, domestic auto sales gradually recovering, American car glass sales increasing, and future floats outside sales are expected to improve performance.
"Glass of Favour — Performance is up to expectations, profits from overseas operations are high, taking into account the continuing low levels of domestic automobile sales, we have revised our profit projections downwards, and the company's 2019 — Glass of Favour — Performance is up to expectations, growth is better than industry. "
1) Sino-American trade conflict escalated; 2) automobile sales were less than expected; 3) the cost of raw materials, etc.