Wally Group (300.979) Weaving clothing, solid profitability, and asp continuously upgrading the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved $14.31 billion, or -69 per cent of the year; total net profitability is robust and the q3 Māori ratio has improved by the same year. During the reporting period, the overall Māori ratio of the company was 25.3 per cent, compared to -0.6 pp, and the single Q3 Mār was 26.5 per cent, compared to +1.4 pp, partially devalued high Māori brand stock
Progress has been faster, with the revenue share rising, leading to an improvement in the Māori q3 ratio. In terms of cost rates, the total cost of the company was 4.9 per cent, compared to 0.2 per cent, and the sales/management/financial/research and development cost ratio was the same as +1.2 per cent, mainly due to the same exchange rate gain.
The product structure continues to be high-end and the asp continues to rise. In terms of sales, 130 million pairs of sneakers were sold 23 years ago in the third quarter, 19.6 per cent less than the corresponding period; the single q3 sales were 45 million pairs less 17 per cent less than the same year, a narrow decline was achieved.
In the second half of the second half of the year, the company was under the influence of downstream customers going to stock, orders were under pressure, but overall performance was better than that of their counterparts, with a steady increase in unit prices and profitability. At present, as downstream customers such as Nike go to stock, new customers such as on, on, hoka, and so on.
In Viet Nam, Indonesia, adequate plant capacity reserves, coupled with the company's superior precision management capacity, are expected to take the lead in rehabilitation from the same industry.
2. Wally Group (300979): The deep global movement of barriers has not been, nor will it be, obtained, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.