23q3 was well run, orders could be made. Wally Group (300979.sz) net profit of $2.287 billion, equal gain of 6.48 per cent, net gain of $2,252 million, equal gain of 6.26 per cent, eps
At the end of the revenue line, the splitting price shows that companies sold 136 million pairs of sports shoes in the first three quarters of 2023, down 19.64%, mainly because some downstream sports brand customers were still in the inventory phase. Prices of 0.39 pct, the lower financial cost rate was mainly due to lower foreign currency balances at the end of last year, and
Short-term orders are held, large clients are kept in stock, and orders are time-bound. Companies have a strong open-up capacity for design and good product quality, rapid response capacity, and many well-known movements are tied downstream.
Leisure brands. Companies actively respond to the volatility of some brand orders, and continue to enhance their client development.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We maintain the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2023-2025 as a long-term growth of the track for sneakers, and the company ' s strong position as a leader in the supply chain, coupled with the expansion of production, is expected to continue to strengthen the core competitive advantage and optimize the client structure, which we believe to be long.
Risk factors: more concentrated production areas, higher labour costs, etc.
Head Clients Order Extension, Sports Leader Performance, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of the City of Beijing, the building has not been, has not been, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for the securities investment advisory business, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.