Wally Group.
Events: The company recently published its three-quarterly report for 2023, with a slight increase in revenue decline of 14.3 billion yuan in 23q1-q3 battalion, and continued improvement in profitability over the same ring, with performance expected. Client and product structure upgrades led to a significant increase in asp. 23q3 received $5.1 billion in the single quarter.
q1-q3 sports shoes were sold at 136 million pairs at the same time, compared to 36.9% at the same time, and the client and product structure were upgraded and the unit price increased significantly. According to quarterly reports disclosed by downstream brand clients, stock level ring ratios improved, and progress in different brands to move to stock was uneven.
Upgrades + ongoing repairs under client architecture optimization, cost side, corporate sales/management/research and development/finance total equity/flow (millions of shares) are mainly affected by exchange gains and losses.
Wally Group (300979), q2 outperforms the same outlook: continuous improvement, waiting for the point of purchase, creating a long-term growth path unchanged.
Increased capacity utilization, which led to rapid recovery of profitability, as a result of faster stock-taking by new clients + some older customers; increased unit prices for product structure upgrades, which led to full-year revenue
Wally Group (300979), Wally Group: Industry Growth. Meanwhile, company reserves and steady expansion respond to potential additions to future brand clients, slightly over-expected performance, and rising medium- and long-term industrial status.
The logic of achieving ahead of industry after the end of the stocking cycle for overseas consumer environment improvements and brand clients - 2022/10/21 Walli Group (300979) Walli Group: 21h1
Profit forecasting and investment advice: companies demonstrate resilience in the industry ' s process of going to the vault, eliminating exchange rate impacts and increasing +81 per cent, core clients, new brand clients order volume output, some older customers moving beyond expectations and companies moving forward with stock.
"Growing bright, accelerating the growth of the poles" -- New plants are steadily moving uphill and new production capacity building, in addition to supply chain transfers to head plants 2021/08/20
The reason for this is that the marginal demand is for good + inventory improvement + valuation repair, and Wally is the focus of the first class of labels where companies, as champions of shoe-coating companies, will continue to make steady growth, with a “buy-in” rating, based on an increasingly enhanced advantage in size/client/manage.
Overseas consumption is expected to go beyond expectations, foreign exchange volatility, etc.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.