Performance is robust, industry is ahead of business, SCM 3-quarterly report reviews/non-bank finance
On the evening of 30 October, the Chinese securities disclosed three quarterly reports, with companies earning $27,209 million in the previous three quarters, equal to 5 per cent; net profit attributable to parent shareholders, $7,315 million, equal to 8 per cent; net profit attributable to parent shareholders, declining. Performance is significantly more resilient than that of peers.
\triangleright \triangleright negative growth in revenue from a number of operations due to corporate performance due to volatility in capital markets combined with heavy scrutiny of the ipo, etc.
Under the circumstances, the net profits of the company grew - 8 per cent, performance was relatively resilient, most of the partners performed less, the market was less aggressive, three quarters were more intense, three quarters were more volatile, and short-term performance was more intense than capital market fluctuations.
The average volume of transactions was low, and the net revenue of the O3 brokering business was down 24% from the same time. Innovative business layouts led by colleagues and long-term benefits from diversified layouts.
First-level dealers in equity business, teams in off-the-shelf trading, and the capital of options trading are among the top players in the market. In international business, companies are the first to be approved cross-border dealers, they have acquired SinLion securities and they have been able to operate overseas, and in mid-2018 they were working on them.
In the last three quarters, the company’s net profits grew in a negative way, but its overall business stability was clearly better than that of its counterparts, showing greater performance resilience.
First, focus on maintaining a strong performance for the main industry 2. CSQ (600030): the traditional business advantage is strong and the innovation industry leads.
Xiaoping, a mid-level economist, and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, formerly in the Economic Research Institute, the Ministry of Strategy and Development of the Large State Enterprise, responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research.
In September 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of the Chinese Securities Association, made sure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.