M & A takes advantage of the Bay Area, buys and reprogramms, what's the bright spot, the S.I.S. Securities announcement is to issue shares to buy 100% of Guangzhou securities.
Guangzhou securities are located in the heart of the Bay of Australasia district in Hong Kong, or will benefit from the financial needs, policy preferences, etc. resulting from the development of the Great Bay region. Once the acquisition is completed, it is expected to boost the distribution of the Chinese securities in the Great Bay region to the next city. The market-wide M & A restructuring project is expected to grow in 2019 and become a voucher dealer.
The Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sun securities announcement is about to acquire Guangzhou securities. Today, the Sino-Sin-Sin-Sun securities are about to issue shares to buy 100% of the stock of the Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sung securities, which are traded by the Viet-Gin control group and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Guangzhou Securities will be registered as a fully-owned subsidiary of the Sino-Chinese securities in Guangzhou. In October of this year, Guangzhou Securities became a fully-owned subsidiary in Guangzhou. Guangzhou Securities are now being acquired by Guangzhou Securities with $5.764 billion and $501 million in cash.
Billion dollars, at the end of November, a net asset of 11 billion yuan. For the last two years, Guangzhou’s portfolio has been in bad shape, especially since the second half of 2018.
On 13th of this year, the Hong Kong Alliance for Science and Technology Finance and the Gulf Centre for Science and Technology Financial Services, which were launched jointly by 19 agencies, including the Guangzhou Stock Exchange, will be officially inaugurated.
Construction of the Great Bay Area. After the completion of the acquisition of Sino-Sin securities or will continue to benefit from the development of the Great Bay Area, the demand for gold, policy preferences, etc., is expected to boost the placement of Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin securities in the Great Bay Region.
In January-September, there was a market-wide M & As restructuring of nearly 3,000 companies, an increase of 69.5 per cent over the previous year ' s total, with transactions totalling nearly $1.8 trillion, an increase of 46.3 per cent over the previous year ' s level. In the context of macroeconomic restructuring and supply-side reforms, M & As regulations were in place.
As a result of the continued deregulation of merger and reorganisation, and the improvement of the basic system, it is expected that the number and size of merger and reorganisation operations and their share in the portfolio will increase further in 2019 to become a new bright spot for the development of the portfolio.
The impact on the industry of the policies introduced by Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. was more than anticipated; market fluctuations had a double impact on industry performance and valuation.
Wang Wei Wei