To acquire the Guangzhou securities with full capital, further strengthen the leadership of Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino assets.
On 24 December, the Sino-Chinese securities issued an announcement stating that they were planning to purchase 100 per cent of Guangzhou securities and that the other party was the Guangzhou Vieto Financial Holdings Group, which planned to reorganize the subject asset into a fully-owned subsidiary. 100 per cent of the shares in Guangzhou securities were to be traded, and the M & As reorganization was in the final negotiation stage.
Based on the contents of this announcement, plans are under way to issue shares to purchase 100% of the assets of the Guangzhou securities, involving two listed companies, two securities companies, and a reorganization of the assets of the two securities companies, the trading of which has reached major asset sales. Both parties have now signed an intended cooperation agreement to clarify the subject matter of the transaction, the scope of the assets, and the arrangements.
In the first half of the year, the Guangzhou securities had a net asset of $11.27 billion and a net profit loss of $2.9 billion from the mother, compared to the trend of Xianjin 300, the Guangzhou securities were the first professional securities company in the country, with the first major shareholder, the Guangzhou Financial Holdings Group, limited.
The Department, which holds 67.24% of the shares, actually controls the Guangzhou City State Finance Committee.
The development of Guangzhou securities over the years has regional advantages, with 35 branches operating nationwide. Full-source subsidiaries cover investment, futures, research, etc., and 24% of the participation in the Golden Eagle Fund, of which Guangzhou futures were successfully placed on the new 3rd board at the beginning of 2017.
It is expected that, after this acquisition, the acquiring party will further strengthen its industrial leadership, strengthen regional competitiveness and promote the development of scale.
2. Sino-Customs Bond (6000030): Integrated Power Industry Lead, Focusing on Masters Keeping Good Performances
Summarized of company financial statement data projections, Chen Xiang, China Social Science School, PhD in Business and Law, and post-doctor in Finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy research. Joined in 2017 as a member of the civil securities industry. author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,