On 30th of April 2021, the Science and Technology Annual Report and the Quarterly Review.
The company published its annual and quarterly reports, it collected $1,824 million in 2020, a net profit of $1,104 million, the industry's going to stock to the end, and the point of performance is expected to come, and the company's performance has declined somewhat over the same period, mainly because of the demand for one downstream customer compared to last year.
Market value in circulation (millions): The period declined: the 2ddr4 memory interface chip entered the end of the product ' s life cycle, with a certain price decline compared to the same period last year; three company products were settled in United States dollars, as a result of a decline in the dollar exchange rate.
Before that, the industry's clients had been in stock for three quarters, and we think they're now in the industry, waiting for the ddr5 industry opportunities, and the price of the industry's products is about to rise, compared to the dddr4, in the industry's opportunities in the dddr5 era: prices.
On the other hand, an increase in the speed of transmission will lead to an increase in the price of new products, which, in view of the pattern of price changes in historical generations, will lead to a huge leap in prices; on the other hand, the volume of lrdimm will fuel technology.
An additional db will be used, and ddr5 will be the first time that the memory module will be equipped with a chip such as pmic/spd/ts, and in addition to the server, pmic and spd will be used on pc devices, which will bring hundreds of millions of dollars in market size. Intel is expected to release a first Cpu in support of ddr5 by the end of 2020.
"Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation - Including the depth of the technology series (688008) The memory interface chip is officially entering the ddr5 era, and the company will embrace the opportunities of the industry at a very high price. (ii) What is the market for pcierettimer?
The pcleretime is expanding in an orderly fashion, and new products are opening up the space for growth. In our previous report, we analysed and measured the market, pcie, which is now in the industrial development year and will be a $600 million market after three to five years.
In the future, as the market size of retimer expands, the company will grow.
In addition to industry data, the company's two other product lines are equally well advanced: the launch of the third generation tracking using the kernel of icelake, accelerated recovery of server upstream demand.
Cpu, the product performance is up to date with Intel’s latest product in the same period, and the development of the ari extrapolated chip is progressing well and is expected to move to the market in 2022. Research and development of the company’s new products is moving steadily around the “High Performance Calculating Plus Global Connectivity” strategic path, with new products coming out more frequently, opening up opportunities for growth.
Lower demand is less than expected: industry competition increases the risk: new product markets are less developed than expected.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.