Audio Holdings (688036) High performance growth, successful emerging markets, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved business income of $22.85 billion, an increase of 65.1 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net return profit of $1.73 billion, an increase of 58.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year; high growth in company performance and accelerated release of smartphones.
The growth in corporate ownership was strong, with a 65.1 per cent increase in revenue over the same year, with total income from the company ' s mobile business rising by 69.9 per cent over the same period, of which $18.36 billion was earned by smart machines, an increase of 54.1 per cent over the same period.) At the profit end, net profit on corporate repatriation grew by 58.7 per cent over the same period;
• Corporate energy drives the business ecological model of mobile Internet services + home appliances, digital accessories. From home power, Africa is still in a relatively blue sea market, with television penetration of about 40%.
But it is mainly white-card products: refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines are less permeable. From mobile Internet operations, company smartphones continue to grow in number, the number of users of the audio-os system continues to increase, providing a user flow base and data resources for companies to develop mobile Internet operations.
A number of Internet companies, such as the Reading Group, have been working together to develop and incubate mobile Internet products in areas such as music, games, short videos, content syndication and other applications. By the first half of 2021, the number of monthly users of more than 10 autonomous and collaborative applications had reached 10 million.
Up. As smartphone penetration rises, coupled with improved communications technology, the company’s mobile interconnection operations are available for a long period of time. Dollars, $8.23, the net profit compound increase over the next three years is expected to be around 35%.
Africa's market share has increased further, smartphone penetration has increased in scope, companies have opened new markets, moving forward well, home power and mobile Internet operations have grown rapidly and face the Blue Sea market, and one company, Software Plus Hardware, is the king of Africa's mobile phones, and the market position and brand influence are evident.
The sound-control holdings date back to 2006, when the founder of the company, Jin Myung-jiang, left Bo-jie and created a sound-promotion company.