The industry is very resilient, the glass taps pass through the cycle -- the photo-winding bottom line (iv) why do you choose the light glass? 1 component in large sizes, glass is rarely resistant.
Abridged, glass is more difficult to reduce further in large-sized component trends, and the market value (RMB): $18.52 is less risk of substitution; 2) profit falls plus policy-controlled double-head patterns are stable, medium-sized and small
The kilns accounted for 23 per cent, the industry cost curve remained steep, and the reasonable profit margin of the head enterprise was expected to remain stable: 3) Release 2024 "Cement glass industry capacity replacement implementation (request for comments)" delete the expression "no capacity replacement for photovoltaic glass" and industry expands to marginal production
“Foreite’s 24-year rating of capacity to deliver faster profits is expected to tighten, with less than 20,000 tonnes per day expected in 2024, and supply concentration expected to increase further: 4) As the return on glass investment returns, the industry is expected to return to a reasonable level.
FLET Q3 performance is expected to be more profitable than expected, the cash flow ring is less aggressive than expansion, supply and demand patterns are expected to improve gradually, cost end purity and gas prices are expected to fall from higher heights, and glass profits are expected to move out of the bottom zone.
3. "Freight q2 Ring q2 Improved Overseas Energy Prices " , why choose Fretel: Cost advantages are significant, shares are expected to continue to rise, overseas capacity provides premiums. 1) In terms of Mäori ratio, the company is still able to maintain the 2nd and 3rd lines of 10 pct
The above gap is judged mainly by the advantages of large kilns, technological leaders, and the self-supply of lime sands. The size of the kilns in the company’s new project was raised to 1600t/d in 2023, with 456,000 tonnes per day in production, the first project in the industry to be planned.
Across the tribal areas, the total capacity is expected to reach 662,000 tonnes per day, which is expected to boost the growth of the company’s share in the mid- or second half of the year. Although there is uncertainty about international trade policy, it is considered that the supply of and demand for overseas glass is still tight, adding up to South-East Asia’s rocky sands and lower cost of pure alkali.
At the same time, it is expected that the profitability of the company's overseas capacity will continue to be higher than in the country; (4) the firm has maintained a sound financial position and excellent cost-control capabilities for many years, and the asset-liability ratio has remained stable; roe (belonging to its parent company) (contribution)
Lower-than-expected demand for downstream aircraft, lower-than-expected build-up of company capacity, policy risks of photovoltaic pressure, price volatility of raw materials.
Scanning to get more services, 1 FLATER BLACK: From excess supply and demand to balance, the tap Maori ratio is expected to turn upside down. From 2019 to 2020, there is a shortage of light glass supply and demand.
By 2021, the capacity to quickly release excess supply and demand, and by 2022-2023, the gross profit rate in the light glass industry has hit the bottom for two consecutive years, and with the slowdown in the release of new capacity and the gradual erosion of raw material prices, we believe that the center of profit in the light glass industry is likely to be expected.
This report shows strong profit-making resilience and the growth of strong alpha-based enterprises. We have chosen to maintain the share and profitability-leading glass leader, Fred, in a sustained wave of industrial expansion, to elaborate on the reasons for the short-term recovery of the industry, which we see as glazing glass, and on its own strengths and growth.
Industry: Policy-level tightening of industrial expansion slows down, cost-down profit elasticity period 2.1 Why glass is chosen: rare anti-convulsion links, low risk of technological substitution, different from other collateral links that face reduced consumption during the process of reducing the efficiency gains, and constant evolution of large-scale component trends
With the large size of the component trend, the glass further thinner space is limited. As the winding down of the photovoltaic industry continues, the large size of the component is gradually becoming the dominant route, reaching 182-210-sized components in 2023, according to pvinfolink.
Ninety-eight percent, and looking back at 210 components, is expected to continue upwards. It is more difficult to combine photovoltaic glass thinning with large components, subject to glass performance. As the thickness decreases, the strength of the glass's resistance to shocks and bends diminishes, and large-scale configuration increases the pressure of the glass, so that a combination of the two can have a greater impact on the performance strength of the light glass.
In downstream applications, a number of centralized ground-based power stations are required to cope with adverse weather conditions such as strong winds, high day and night temperatures, hails and snow, and the high demand for glass strength, which limits the space for further reduction.
In the short and medium term, however, it is expected to focus on some of the special distribution scenarios, with little potential for large-scale applications. The photovoltage components can be divided into single and double-bob components.
With backboard protection, the main advantages are light weight, lower human, transport and other systemic costs, applicable to distributed scenarios such as roofs, but prone to heat inflation and less protective of the two-bond components; both-faced photovoltaic components are capable of generating electricity both in reverse and both sides, generating electricity in a reflective light environment is significantly higher, and the glass is more protective than the backboards, making the two-hub group more resistant.
Technically, as the most reliable, sophisticated and cheap encapsulation material, glass has little risk of technical subversion. Topcon assemblies are prone to water and gas seepage and corrosion, and cause power loss after humid heat tests, along with other backs.
In the medium-to-long term, even later stages of mainstream battery assembly technology to hjt, bc, ore, it is difficult for glass to be replaced before other backboard materials are commercialized that take into account costs and performance.
The annual glass backboard market is 64.6%, and it is expected that the glass backboard market will continue to grow as new battery technology progresses and penetration continues to rise. From a unit consumption point of view, the glass backboard market will also be able to offset the decline in single consumption resulting from thinning, thereby ensuring the stability of single consumption.
Figure 7: The glass backboard market is expected to continue to rise by 2.2 profit margins plus policy controls, industry patterns are stable, and cost curves remain steep. The glazing industry experienced a period of rapid expansion due to high profitability attractions from late 2020 to early 2021.
The pressing need for green energy and the growing maturity of photovoltaic technology, with photovoltaic glass as a key package for solar cell components, has seen a sharp increase in market demand and rising prices. In this context, many firms have increased their investment and increased production in order to seize market opportunities, leading to rapid growth in productive capacity within the industry.
At the end of 2023, domestic photovoltaic glass produced 2.95, 4.13, 7.59 and 995 tons per day, respectively, of growth, reduced profitability + policy direction, and the expansion of the industry slowed at a marginal rate. With the rapid expansion of production capacity, the market gradually became oversupplyed, leading to a steady decline in the level of profitability in the industry and a marginal slowdown in the pace of enterprise expansion.
In July 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a communication on the implementation of the conversion of the capacity of the cement glass industry, which eliminated the policy of changing the capacity of the light-voltage longglass project, but required that the new light-voltage glass project be heard by the provincial industrial and information authorities, and that an early warning mechanism be established for the production of energy risks, and that strict policy regulation also result in the actual expansion of the industry on a much lower scale than planned.
According to provincial hearings, as of the beginning of August 2024, the provinces had reported that they had a combined hearing of 1554 million tonnes per day, with only 93%, 54%, and 15% of the planned capacity. The completion rate of the project was 38% for Sin + Fort City, and the double head pattern was stable.
As of the beginning of August 2024, Shinrikyo and Fullet produced 2.32 tons of capacity and 2.140,000 tons of capacity, together accounting for 38 per cent of the production capacity (including overseas capacity) of the photovoltaic glass industry, with less than 10 per cent of all other companies and cities, and the industry’s double-hatting pattern remained stable.
Small- and medium-scale kilns account for 23%, and the cost curve is expected to remain steep under the extension restrictions. By the beginning of August 2024, the ratio of light-voltage glass in production lines was 700t/d and below, 700-1000t/d, 1,000t/d and above 12%, 11%, and 77% respectively, of which about 75% of small- and medium-scale kilns under 1,000t/d were new in 2021 and beyond.
1.95 million tonnes/day, of which less than 1000 T/d scale kilns were 5590, 7750, 2900, 3,000 tonnes/day, 36%, 20%, 12%, and 15% respectively. Although the ratio of new kilns above the level of 1,000 tonnes was significantly increased, the small and medium kilns still accounted for 23% of the capacity of the stock, and the cost curves for future supply, which continue to be limited, are expected to remain steep.
The reasonable profit space is expected to remain stable. Figure 12: Some 23% of kilns below 12:1000t/d Figure 13: 19,000 tonnes/day of kilns under 1000t/d in the last four years
2.3 Delayed start-up of ongoing projects under risk early warning, increasingly significant sector-based Marta effect, increasingly stringent policy controls and increased uncertainty about the timing of launch of ongoing projects. In May 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Communications and the National Development Reform Commission issued a circular on further development of early warning of the risk of photovoltaic pressure on glass production capacity, calling for further implementation of the production wind.
The risk early warning mechanism, the provinces of Anhui, Jiangxi, Ningxia, Guizhou, Shandong, Zhejiang, Gansu, Hubei, etc. have completed and developed preliminary processing of the completed and ongoing light-voltage longglass projects.
In June 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Communications published the Implementation Scheme for the Replacement of Production Capacity in the Cement Glass Industry (2024 edition) (for comments).
Risk early warning mechanisms have delayed most of the construction projects, and the effect of the sector has become more pronounced. According to project information compiled in some provinces, the total capacity for the construction of the hearing and the construction of the light-voltage long glass has been approximately 142,000 tonnes per day, of which 38,000 are in progress.
Tons/days are required to supplement the process of conversion of capacity before cold repairs, mainly for new capacity to be produced around 2020; 84,000 tonnes/day require risk warning as required: 59.20 tonnes/day are required to complete the process of replacement or risk warning: 8,700 tonnes/day are low risk: 4,800 tonnes/day are cancelled.
Tens of thousands of tons per day, or 41 per cent, of which the number of planned production lines, the number of second- and third-line firms and new entrants is far lower than the number of head players, and the number of strong players in the industry is more marked. In addition, delays in the start-up of fires are also common in the case of projects that have been put into production, such as those scheduled to start in 2023.
The actual ignition of the Fullet Phoenix 4 project took place at the end of March 2024, the actual launch of the New Fukugi project at the end of 2023 was in February 2024, and the actual launch of the South Bogangxi project at the end of 2023, at the end of March 2024, posed a considerable challenge to the financial size and management capacity of the enterprise.
It is expected that the supply concentration will increase further by less than 20,000 tons per day in 2024. The share of Shinyi and Fret in the new production capacity has declined over the past few years, as reflected in the 2021-2023 ratio, which, according to the 2023 report, was 6,400 tons per day for Shinyi and Freyt, respectively.
9,600 tonnes/day, assuming both pipelines set fire on time, the industry is expected to have about 26 million tonnes/day in 2024. However, given the uncertainty about the new capacity set on fire under tight regulation, and the current low willingness of profit bottom businesses to set fire, we expect about 2.2-26 million tonnes/day of new capacity this year, and if cold line counts are included, the actual additional capacity is expected to be added.
Short-term glass profit fluctuations are determined by changes in supply and demand margins. We have reviewed the trends in the production of components per month and the effective supply of photovoltaics so far, showing a change in the monthly price of light glass mainly in relation to the marginal supply of glass in the current month.
More specifically, by the production pace of the PV machine and components this year, the combined 134,000 tonnes per day of new lighting capacity for glass in March-May led to a larger increase in the effective supply of glass in May-July, a combination of the effects of the decline in the output of the components in June, and a larger supply of glass, which was somewhat mitigated. On the demand side, the recent surge in demand in foreign emerging markets, followed by the end of the summer season in Europe, has been particularly significant.
In the medium-to-long term, the return on glass investment is expected to be reasonable, and the rate of expansion of industry is expected to slow, leading to a return on profits. We have selected a return on investment in the last two years of the start-up project, with the long-run (Fullet) investing back in 2022-2023.
Declined. We judge that, at this level of profitability, the build-up of glazing glass is expected to slow down significantly over the next few years, and that it is expected to boost the return of glass. Chart 20: The recovery period for the two-line business start-up project, based on the Māori rate of the year, exceeds the period of service in the kiln.
2.5 Profit: Pure base, natural gas trend downwards, promising improvements in short-term profitability Direct materials and energy power are the main components of the cost of photovoltaic glass. According to company announcements, direct materials account for about 38% of the cost of photovoltaic glass production, of which direct material costs are dominated by pure base and graphite sand, accounting for 1022 of the company’s main purchases, respectively.
27% of the subjects, 12% of the manufacturing costs, which account for about 45% of the production costs of photovoltaic glass, mainly include energy power for the continued operation of kilns such as electricity, fuel oil and gas, where natural gas and fuel oil can be replaced, depending mainly on their value ratio, while electricity, gas and fuel oil account for 15% of the main procurement subjects, respectively.
Recycle: In the context of supply and demand easing, sharp fluctuations in the prices of raw materials may affect short-term earnings of glass. For the past five years, the change in the Māori ratio has been divided into two phases: Phase I (1019-2021): Policy-level capacity investment limits and rapid eruption of downstream light demand, and photovoltaics.
During this period, the price of glass was a major factor affecting profitability, and the impact of cost fluctuations on profitability was not evident. Phase II (3q21 to date): new production capacity was set on fire, supply moved from shortage to surplus, and light glass pricing was not visible.
The shift in power downwards and the flat profit contraction to a reasonable and smooth state, during which the sharp fluctuations in the prices of raw materials such as natural gas, pure alkaline and so forth may have an impact on the short-term Māori ratio of glass (e.g. 1q22 and 3q23).
Pure alkaline energy supply moves from a tight balance to excess, with a marked price decrease. Pure alkaline weighs pure and light alkaline, of which heavy, pure alkaline is used mainly for the production of photovoltaic glass and floating glass. Since floating glass is less volatile in relation to downstream real estate demand, new demand for recombinant pure alkaline is largely determined by the increased demand for photovoltaic glass. In 2023, the net alkaline production capacity in the country was higher than 4 million per year.
It is expected that in 2024, the pure-alkali sector will be overbalanced, with a recent build-up of domestic pure-alkali stocks on a certain scale, while some downstream demand has increased as foreign import prices have been reversed with domestic prices Imports have contributed to the further expansion of domestic stocks, combining the past five years of pure-alkali prices and the history of the stock cycle with industry banks
The increase in the size of the stock will result in a net base price adjustment, which is expected to fall back to $1,600-1800 per tonne.
Natural gas prices are low and the cost of natural gas is expected to fall. The conflict in the overseas region, with the price of natural gas volatile in 2022, the cost of natural gas purchased by companies has risen significantly, and in 2022 the Zhejiang Garing City Development Committee increased the price ceiling for non-supply gas sales from 2.96 to 4.69 per cent, from 2.96 to 4.69 to over 58 per cent, driving glass hair.
Interest rates fall down. As the energy crisis in Europe subsides, domestic liquefied natural gas prices have gradually fallen, and in May 2024, Caring City Development Authority has again lowered its non-heating-season gas ceiling to $3.90. Domestic business gas prices are expected to return to the range of $3-3.6 a.m. in 2019-2021 and drive improvements in glass Maori rates as international gas prices progress.
3. Companies: Significant cost advantages, rising shares, promising overseas premium premium 3.1 kilns + technological leadership + self-supply of lime sand, corporate cost advantages stable, large kiln size advantages are evident and can significantly reduce raw material consumption and improve good quality. Portfolio fixed asset investments are significant.
Indicators such as large, high cost of raw materials, significant advantage of large kilns over single-ton investment in small kilns, and efficient area coverage of the combustion line within the kilns have been significantly optimized over their original production.
Figure 29: Large kilns have a lower level of single-ton investment Figure 30: Large kilns have a significant single-use advantage (t/t) Corporations have a significant cost advantage and 1600t kilns are expected to further increase their cost differentials.
In recent years, there has been a clear trend towards the large-scaleization of industrial kilns, with more than 1,000 t/d being the main source of additional capacity, but there are still differences in single consumption and good quality rates between the specification kilns and the various enterprises, with the company’s relative lead remaining at around 10 points in 2023, compared to the company’s Māori ratio, which is difficult for other firms to expect.
In 2023, the company’s new project, a single kiln, was raised to 1600t/d, and is expected to expand further to two or three lines of business, consolidating its position as a leader. In addition, the company acquired full ownership of the three-power mining industry, the Dahua mining industry, and competed for the “Singshan-Kai Hill Mine in Fengyang County, Anhui Province”
The new paragraph 13, “Glassstone mining rights”, the high self-supply rate of stone sand and sand, and the stability of the company's raw materials helped the company to control its costs. 3.2 Reserve projects are ahead of schedule, and the city's share is expected to increase continuously.
This includes 3,200 tons per day overseas, the size of which is the highest in the industry, which is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the number of companies. If the company plans to fully land, it will have a total capacity of 662,000 tons per day.
Trends, we judge, may be related to the growing energy consumption indicators in the above-mentioned areas. The company, which is widely recognized in the country as a light glass tap, is expected to take the lead in securing local support, such as expansion targets, resource packages, and so on, through its own size, brand effects, and the financing advantages of listed companies, in the former provinces with a low distribution of light glass production capacity.
At the same time, it reduces the risk of uncertainty about the expansion of a single area. 3.3 The supply and demand of glass overseas is tight, South-East Asian capacity is expected to continue to enjoy high premiums. Overseas glass capacity is dominated by leading enterprises, totalling 6,100 tons per day.
With the continued acceleration of production capacity, glass enterprises are close to expanding to meet downstream supply, while increasing their capacity to deal with trade risks. Overseas photovoltaic capacity is concentrated in South-East Asia and India, with overseas production capacity at about 6,100 tons per day as of early August 2024, planning capacity at or above 8,000 tons per day, except for a small number of Indian firms.
In 2020, 2021, the company put in 1,000 tonnes/day of production in Vietnam, and in 2023 announced two 1600 tonnes/day expansion plans in Indonesia, which are expected to start in mid-2025 or the second half of the year. In addition to meeting the downstream needs of South-East Asia and India, overseas photovoltaic glass production is a major client of United States trade.
The policy influences components in South-East Asia, as well as indigenous components in the United States, so we will analyse the downstream market in glass from the demand and capacity of the components in these markets. 1) The demand for the components is about 50gw in 2023, of which about 78% came from South-East Asia and 10% from India.
Even if future South-East Asian component capacity is hampered by a “double-reverse” investigation, given that the United States has virtually no pressure on glass production, we judge that the United States still needs to rely on South-East Asian glass supply (not directly from Chinese importers if potential trade risks are to be avoided), so this is still part of the demand for United States imported components.
Statistics for jmkresearch and apvia, we expect a total of about 24/32gw for South-East Asia and India in 2024/2025, and a total of about 2% for the United States (import), India and South-East Asia markets in 2024/2025: according to incomplete statistics, a total of about 92.5gw or more for South-East Asia and India.
There is still a gap in overseas glass supply over the next few years, and the company’s South-East Asian production capacity is expected to continue to enjoy a premium. According to our projections of demand and the pace of supply release, the supply of glass in South-East Asia and India is expected to be around 2024-2025.
27/18gw gap, while component enterprises can meet demand by importing glass from China, given the distance of glass, which has greater cost implications and potential trade risks, we expect South-East Asian glass capacity to remain at a premium due to supply over supply, to add to South-East Asia's lower cost advantage of platinum sand and pure alkali, and to be expected to sustain the company's overseas profitability.
Figure 38: Expected effective supply of 2024/2025e pressure glass in South-East Asia and India
The valuation and profit changes since the company's listing can be broken down into the following stages: Phase I (2019-2020): after 531 photovoltaics in 2018, the photovoltaics industry has levelled prices and demand has entered a high climate cycle.
(b) Phase II (2021): Plumbing glass prices remained high between the end of 2020 and the beginning of 2021, while new production capacity in the industry was recorded
More and more, although ps continue to rise, as markets worry about supply and demand patterns, they take the lead in phase III (2022). New production capacities planned between the end of 2020 and 2021 are released, oversupply pressures are exacerbated, photovoltaic prices are significantly reduced, prices of raw materials such as natural gas and pure alkaline are on the rise, and ps are on the decline at this point.
Phase IV (2023 to date): As the system of hearings is in place and the glass industry continues to be less profitable, the release of new productive capacity in the industry has slowed down, supply and demand have gradually improved, and pss has been rising, but more services have been made available due to the market burden on the overall supply and demand pattern of the photovoltaic industry
Figure 40: Corporate pe, eps historical review 4.2roe/roic returns to the historical center and continues to be significantly better than comparable companies and more stable than counterparts, highlighting the company ' s leading position in the industry and its superior cost control.
To date, despite the return of the company ' s roe, roic, to historical hub levels, roe has remained at 10% over the long term, demonstrating the company ' s continued profitability and market competitiveness. 4.3 Cost controls have worked well, with net interest rates leading the way.
Corporate cost control has been significant in recent years, with sales, management, R & D rates of 0.6 per cent, 4.2 per cent, 2.8 per cent and more services available in 2023. Companies have maintained asset-liability ratios at around 50 per cent for many years, demonstrating a commitment to sound and balanced financial management.
Since more than 90 per cent of the company's income and profits are derived from the optical glass business and other operations have little impact on the company's performance, we have only split and forecast the optical glass business:
Based on the construction and cooling of the company's output. ...We expect that, by the end of 2024-2026, the day-smelting of the company's pressure glass will be reduced, respectively, as raw materials fall and industry continues to fall, we expect that the price of 2.0 mm light-voltage glass in 2024-2026 will fall to $14.84, 14.70, 14.56 per cent per year. Considering that the price of pure alkali and natural gas has fallen.
We're looking at the Māori ratio of the company's photovoltaic glass business in 2024-2026, and we're looking at the four photovoltaic glass companies, Shining Light, Anchae High, Käesin New Energy, Gold Crystal Technology, and one of the leading appliance companies, which are comparable companies, with four comparable companies, with an average of 15, 12, and 10 times the average of pe in 2024-2026.
Lower-than-expected demand for downstream loadings. With the increase in the size of new energy loadings, a certain degree of decompressive pressure on power grids in some parts of the world may result in lower-than-expected global photovoltaic additions, or may have a negative impact on the sales and prices of corporate photovoltaic glass products, thereby affecting performance.
Corporate capacity is being built at a lower rate than expected. The company is currently planning a larger capacity, but given the tightness of its photovoltaic policies, uncertainty remains about future expansion sites, which, if delayed, may affect the company's risk of year-round sales of photovoltaic glass, photovoltaic long-glass policies. The current light glass policy is becoming more stringent in monitoring new projects, and the overall supply and demand of the industry is tight.
The cost of photovoltaic glass is higher than the cost of raw materials such as pure alkaline, quartz sand, and fuel natural gas. If there are large fluctuations in the prices of short-term raw materials and fuel, this may lead to a failure to transmit corporate profitability in a timely manner.