25q3 net profit from parentage + 31%, new business potential renewable - 3-quarter review for 25 years of constant hydraulic pressure (stock code: 601,100)
The Māori rate has continued to rise as a result of the optimized structure and scale effects of the beneficiary products. The 25q1-3 company combined Māori ratio has expanded, and financial costs have increased mainly as a result of a shift in exchange rates from earnings to losses.
Internal and external sales increased by +21.5 per cent/+14.6 per cent, internal and external sales increased by +21.5 per cent/+29 per cent in September alone, and in September there was a full reheating of all categories of engineering cranes and a two-month contraction in high-lift sales. Domestic excavators recovered more strongly, wind and water construction projects continued, and non-diggers showed a reheating trend; overseas, stock digesting, etc.
With interest-reduction expectations, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and the gradual recovery of Europe and the United States, we appreciate the fact that the engineering and machinery industry continues to enjoy a positive upward resonance of internal and external sales. At the same time, companies actively market overseas, with the largest overseas production base - Mexico’s factory officially operating, and a network of sales and apparel in more than 30 countries and regions around the world, we have a network of companies that are now operating.
Linear drive clients have been able to expand significantly, and robotic operations have become a star. The company's semi-annual disclosure of line drive projects have accumulated more than 50 new items, and production has been successfully transformed and officially placed on the market.
There are nearly 300 new clients. At the robotics industry level. The Maskq3 performance meeting revealed that a prototype of an optimus gen3 could be released in the first quarter of next year, with plans to create a million annual robotic production lines, with an ultimate output of millions or even billions. At home, intelligence is a key future industry for the 15th Plan.
One of them, Yugiipo's tutorial report has been published and is planned for the market. We believe that the number of robots is relatively deep at 300, that production and applications continue to accelerate against a background of continuous staves, mass production and quality control.
Capacity has been proven in history and is expected to achieve a significant increase in performance in line with trends in the robotic industry.
Galactic Mechanics, Inc., Quantified Hydraulic Pressure (60110.sh), Qualified sales of core tank products, determined to increase R & D investment, Qualified Galactic Machinery, Quantified Hydraulic Hydraulic Pressure (60110.sh)
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.