As of mid-year, more than 400 drop-down measures had been implemented, covering various components of raw materials procurement, production process optimization, equipment maintenance, etc., providing strong support for the enhancement of companies’ profitability. The excavator industry recovered and the tank pump valve share increased. According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Machinery, 17.40 machines were sold in January-September 2025.
Ten thousand, up by 18.1% in the same year, and industry has recovered. Of these, 899 million, or 21.5% in the same year; 842 million, or 14.6% in the same year, were sold by companies in the first half of the year for 3083 million oil tanks for excavators, an increase of 15% in the same year; and excavator hydraulic pump valves, with a sustained breakthrough on medium-sized and large excavators, with a continued share of the product raised.
In addition, the system of hydraulic valves for non-digger industries continues to expand, with sales increasing by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis, further expanding the domestic share in such areas as high-altitude platforms, loading machines, and agricultural machinery. Moreover, companies have made breakthroughs in foreign markets, supplying bulk to well-known engineering and machinery manufacturers abroad.
Mexico’s plant is operational, and the linear drive has done a great job. The company has made great efforts to open up overseas markets, and continues to promote overseas production.
Quarterly high profit innovation, linear drive project success, high performance in technology research and development and market expansion, cumulative development of more than 50 new products, all successfully completed.
The company will continue to deepen its collaboration with its clients, promoting sophisticated threads, and the constant hydraulic pressure (601,100): to create history.
In more applications, priority products such as straight-line guidance tracks, electric cylinders, etc., continue to rise to the leading position in telematics. Newly high, linearly driven projects are entering the batch phase - investment advice: companies are domestic hydraulic material taps, excavators have increased market share, non-digger products are consistently released, and push countries are moving forward.
"Standard Hydraulic Pressure (601,100): A steady increase in performance and strategies for interpolation and electrodynamicization. Companies push for higher exchange rate earnings for the mitigation efficiency and the recovery of the excavator industry, and we expect that the "internationalization, diversification, electrodynamicization" will continue.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.