Summary of events: On 27 April, the company released its 2021 annual report, which generated operating income of $62,367 million, an increase of 19.30 per cent over the reporting period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $8.038 billion, the same amount
q1 \triangleright usually provides low power for nuclear power, but benefits from the incremental contribution of the new unit and the adjustment of the maintenance arrangements, 1022
The company ' s nuclear power generation amounted to 44.34 billion kilowatt-hours a year-on-year increase of 14.4% ring growth of 0.9% over 4q22.
The wind is thin: despite adverse factors such as a sharp increase in photovoltaic prices in 2021, the company \triangleright achieved 3.62gw (combined energy and pre-caliber) wind and light additions throughout the year.
The unexpected new crew, ap1000: the country's regular session of April 14th, 2021.
There are five new units in the "Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F-F-F-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fin-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fin-Fin-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F
Question No. 3, 4. In 2018, the first three of the world's ap 1000, and three of the model aircraft began production, and China-United States relations deteriorated rapidly. Follow-up projects of this kind have been difficult to make progress, including the first project of ap1000 planned for Xu, San and Lu Fong, which, after delays in clearance, was nearly two.
The year also saw the reprogramming of the national production of the Hpr 1000 (Hawlong I) as a follow-up project. The release of this release avoided a waste of substantial funds for the preparatory work of the previous period, with $10.6 billion in the second phase of the three at the end of 2021, using the same cap 1000 Xu.
The Great Fort Phase has already invested $11 billion. Investment proposal: Ap1000 Stock Project “Return from the Dead” can avoid potential asset impairment for the company \triangleright
Losses, and new energy sources are expected to accelerate their progress after a 2021 ambush. Research findings based on the \triangleright methodology and analytical logic of electricity consumption, electricity prices, and the presentation of the present report independently and objectively, and responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.