On 12 May, the company released the Replenishment of Nuclear Energy Co. Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary.
\triangleright results of the expansion and the bulletin of the associated transactions. \Triangleright. \Triangleright. \Triangleright.
\triangleright \triangleright \tungleright can introduce strategic investors in the form of a build-up of equity.
This replenishment led to a war of 7.5 billion yuan by offering 30% of the equity of the remittance, with a corresponding value of 25 billion yuan. The valuation was significantly higher: at the end of 2020, the company offered 2.111 billion dollars in revalues to nuclear groups among the shareholders in the holdings.
\triangleright Acquisition of 100% equity in remittances, valued at 1.2 and 1.1 times pb for combined parent net assets at the end of 2019 and 2020 respectively.
The pre-investment and post-investment valuations of the long-term equity investment in the capacity of remittances are 2.0 and 1.5 times pb, respectively, reflecting, on the one hand, a significant increase in the valuation level of new energy operating assets over the past year and, on the other hand, the relative price preference of the earlier group when it injected the energy from sinks into the company.
New sources of energy are accelerating again: at the end of April 2021, the company released a draft of the 14th Five-Year Comprehensive Development Plan, which was evaluated in the first quarter of 2022: the volume price has risen and the new fleet has about 30 gw installed, with an average annual addition of about 5 gw.
The total investment is 25-375 billion yuan, based on an average estimate of the wind and light prices of 5 billion yuan/gw, with new investment proposals: the company's nuclear panels are in the air, with double-priced, and the construction and construction projects are proceeding in an orderly manner;
The development of the new energy plate is expected to accelerate further after the completion of the Replenishment Replenishment Initiative.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.