Performance forecast for the first quarter of 2024: deduction of non-mortality net profit 33-39 per cent increase in lubricant ratio and excellent performance  event: corporate announcement, first quarter of 2024, projected operating income of $803-826 million, year-on-year
In 2023, the sub-branch “spill day” continued to promote the sale of childhood needles, and their share increased the Māori rate of gel products. 2) Solution-based injection products were dominated by the Hive and generated revenues of $1.671 billion.
(+29.22%) Māori rate is 94.48% (+0.25pp). The “Hit Body” series of products has been growing faster on the basis of mature brands and markets. The company’s forecast revenue for the q1 quarter of 2024 has been increasing consistently in terms of corporate brand influence, with net profits growing faster than revenues.
At a stable level, net profits have also increased steadily, with the return net profit growth rate of q1 in 2024 equal to the income: we estimate that the non-recurring gain or loss is mainly the effect of investment returns, the non-repatriation net profit growth rate of °1 in 2024 is higher than the income increase, and the non-profit end is visible.
In November 2023, the company announced that Korea’s jeisysmedicalinc.’s Density and Linearz medical beauty treatment equipment and accompanying consumables would be sold exclusively in China.
In addition, the company's medical research on modifier and transparent sodium acid gels containing polyethylene gel microballs (additional syrup) and injection of a carbotoxin (used to improve frowns) is in the registration stage and is expected to produce new growth points when they are on the market. There are also medical transparency acids.
Seven products such as sodium-hydroxypropyl methyl-cellulose gel, lidocain-butinca-negative emulsion, etc. at the clinical or pre-clinical stage, guarantee the company ' s continued growth in the future of the pipeline.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: maintaining the expected net return profits of the company from 2024 to 2026, with the Division's brand and channel advantages in the field of medicine and beauty, respectively, increasing product lines and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Emerika's three major financial forecasting tables The East Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.