Motherhood net profits grew by 27% during the quarter, product matrix construction steadily advanced, beauty care and medical beauty increased robustly during the quarter, and major products continued to grow in size. Company camp in the first quarter of 2024.
808 million yuan, an increase of 28.24 per cent in the same year, net profit on maternity, a gain of 527 million yuan in the same year, a gain of 528 million yuan in non-net profit, an increase of 36.53 per cent in the same year, which was at the upper limit of the previous performance forecast.
The cost rate is optimized during the s0980177001 period, with continuous additions to the R & D input. The company ' s M & D rate is 94.55% in the first quarter, a slight decrease of 0.75 pct in the context of increased competition in the industry.
There is also a wealth of stocks, including meat poisons, heavyweight products, and a distribution agreement signed in 2023 with jeisysmedial inc. The breakthrough in the energy source equipment pipeline was achieved. The net operating cash flow was $537 million in the first quarter, an increase of 25.73 per cent over the same period, and the cash flow was good.
Investment Recommendations: Looking ahead for the year, companies will actively expand their end-courses in the short term, building on the existing product matrix, to achieve a steady overall growth of performance; long-term companies will continue to have a rich stock of product pipelines through a combination of self-research + outreach to build domestic pharmaceutical platform-type enterprises. At the same time, the industry is looking at mid-level medical professionals.
There is still much room for improvement in the penetration rate, and the advantage of leading firms in compliance with regulatory trends will be reinforced by the 47 per cent increase in the net return profits of Emmett (300896.sz) - a steady quarterly growth in performance and continued enhancement of the brand.
"America (300896.sz) - to introduce a skin-free anti-creative device, to further enrich it." "America (300896.sz) - 3-quarter profits increased by 13.27 per cent on a year-on-year basis, allowing the company to collect 808 million yuan in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 28.24 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net return to the mother of 527 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 27.38% over the same year, with net profits of $528 million, an increase of 36.53% over the same year, which is at the level of the medium-ceiling level of the previous performance forecast. The beneficiary industry as a whole is recovering steadily, the firm growth of corporate solution injecting products and the continued growth in the use of recycled materials.
The company’s Māori rate is 94.55% per quarter, a slight decrease of 0.75pt in the context of increased industry competition.
The company continues to focus on R & D inputs, with a rate of 7.13 per cent per quarter, an increase of 0.21 pct over the same period, a future stock of research products, including meat poisons, heavyweight products, etc., and a distribution agreement with jeisysmedical inc. in 2023 to achieve a breakthrough in the energy source equipment pipeline.
Net current of $537 million, a 25.73 per cent increase over the previous year, and good cash flow status. Investment proposal: looking ahead, companies will build on existing product matrices in the short term and actively expand their end-courses to achieve steady overall performance growth; long-term companies will continue to be rich in product pipelines through self-research + extension
At the same time, there is still much room for longer-term penetration in the health sector, and the advantages of leading firms in the trend towards compliance will be further highlighted. We maintain the firm’s firm’s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through sound judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author