Emmett (300896.sz) 24q1 financial remarks: Mother to Mother/Deduction non-mother to net profit forecast, expected to maintain excellent growth of the core line & New Lines & Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2024: 24q1 achieved revenue of 808 million yuan/yoy+28.2%.
The net profit of the parent & the net profit of the non-mortality are all above the median of the previous performance forecast.  high income growth, sharp rate optimization, non-recurrent factors slightly disturbing net interest rates.  24q1 company income growth is excellent, with a gross profit/period rate/net rate of interest, respectively
The apparent decline is mainly due to the existence of a high base during the same period to cover the costs of listing in the Hong Kong stock, the decline in sales rates or the scale effect of income growth. Non-recurrent factors lead to a slightly slower rate of growth in performance than revenue, with a loss of $100 million in fair value (a decrease of $32 million over the same period) or to Bo.
It is expected that new products will be approved/phased to continue to provide income gains. We expect to cover 7,000 institutions, Lee Jung-mi's research assistant.
The q1 tops the growth of the industry, showing once again that the company is the leader of the industry, alpha; that q2 can focus on the adjusted e.g., green angel product release, in addition to the steady performance of the q1; that H2 is expected to provide a new growth point in h2; and that H2 is in a relatively low base, in the core tube.
Line growth continues, with a higher rate expected to materialize under the build-up and potential new product increment (concerning the receptivation of the bo Nittanium, which has entered the registration phase). Profit forecasting and investment ratings: excellent growth in the core pipeline, subsequent new product approvals/distributions
23-year-old Emeritus (300896.sz) report: 23 years Roe performed well at 30% +, flesh poisoned Emeritus (300896.sz) depth report: Demonstrating love
New formula for American investment in platform companies
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of Research and Development. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero suit, the first in a crystal ball suit, and the first in a retail fashion.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, and Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Lin Ling, Master of Finance, University of Xiamen School of Economics, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group in January 2023.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.