2024q1: Performance meets expectations, core products are expected to drive growth $530 million/year-on-year +27 per cent net profit, income performance increases are expected to meet expectations, performance is close to forecast, and q1 ' s continued rapid growth is expected mainly from robust growth in the system and rapid growth during the day.
Income from liquid products increases faster than gels. 2) Cost end: distribution/management/research and development fee ratio optimized, management rate reduced mainly as 2301 includes port share listing costs. 3) Net interest rate: 2401 net interest rate of 65.3%/same rate - 0.4pt, net interest rate off parent rate of 65.4%/same rate + 4pc
The difference is mainly due to the impact of the Boan bioinvestment returns, and the overall level of profitability remains high. For 24 years, the co-drivers at the end of the product and at the end of the channel have led to sustained growth. 1) At the end of the product: the system is growing robustly, and the rapid release of twin angels is expected to be strongly supported by the phenomenon-level product matrix.
Point, expected to be over-expected; Bonida 2.0 (below) and botulinum toxins are at the stage of registration declaration, as a result of which new products will be approved for increased contributions. 2) Channel end: by the end of 23, the company had more than the total market value/flow (millions of yuan)
There are 400 sales and market workers in 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, with high-profile coverage of 7,000 + institutions throughout the country, and it is expected that the arrival of two-born angels will accelerate their penetration once the previous market has been nurtured.
Agent jeisys jeisys' laser skin tight-on instrument to cut into the PV track; 2) In research product stock: medically modulated and transparent sodium acid gel < < 2023 performance rating: year-round performance meets expectations
Injecting a type of bottox toxin (to improve the frown) is now in place, with the expectation that the multiple pipe relays will grow > > at the registration stage, with another 7 products in the pre-clinical or pre-clinical stages, along with recombinant eggs. ]
The development of biopharmaceuticals such as white and multipolars. New products will continue to be marketed as a catalyst for sustained growth in corporate performance.
Assessment: Performance growth is higher than expected, end-recovery plus new products and channel capacity are being continuously validated, and the share of leading companies is becoming more regulated and compliant. We maintain high performance growth throughout the year, with the new matrix coming to an end.
2024q1: Performance meets expectations and looks forward to growth driven by core products.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.