The Medical Group is performing as expected, and growth continues to release. 1. "America: a steady growth in performance and a steady expansion of distribution channels. "
Business indicators are healthy, and research and development inputs increase. 1q24 sales costs 8.34 per cent (same as 2 pct) and management costs 4.07 per cent (same as 4 pct).
This is mainly due to the fact that 1q23 includes the cost of listing of the company’s Hong Kong stock, which is significant. In addition, the company has developed 3. “Americas: two-quarter growth, R & D and sales-end advancements.” By the end of 2023, the company had entered clinical and registration processes in three projects, respectively.
The company is rich in tube lines, providing a good basis for subsequent development. At the same time, the company is in the process of restructuring biopharmaceuticals, such as proteins and multipolars, and is expected to meet more consumer needs in the future.
Multiple pounds of products are being studied, and growth is expected to increase further. Short-term dimensions, continued exposure with the high-speed system, and steady expansion of the Angel series, are expected to sustain the firm’s current leadership. Medium- and long-term dimensions, the company has entered clinical and registration procedures in the line of research.
In addition, in November 23, the company signed a Distribution Agreement with jeisys authorizing the company to take charge of its flag.
The distribution, distribution, sale and related services in China and China have the exclusive right of the company to distribute the agreed products to China and China as the sole distributor of the marketing agreement.
The company has a gap in the layout of the energy class project. It is expected that with the new items on the market in the future, it will continue to contribute to further improvements in the competitiveness of the company's market.
Product R & D is not as fast as expected; market competition increases risks; market diffusion is not as popular as expected; sweeper access to more services; sweep access to more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market