Quite a season of steady growth and increasing brand power, corporate research, company quick reviews, beauty care, medical beauty.
Jang Hau ' s retailist perspective: overall, companies are performing steadily for the first quarter of the year, and the income-side sector is expected to benefit from a steady recovery in the corporate regeneratives, while the Māori rate remains stable in the face of increased industry competition, largely as a result of greater brand awareness.
Throughout the year, we believe that companies will build on the existing product matrix in the short term and actively expand their end-course channels to achieve a smooth overall growth; long-term companies will continue to build up domestic pharmaceutical platforms through a sustained stock of product pipelines through a combination of self-research and extension. At the same time, at the industry level, there is still much room for improvement in the long-term penetration rate in the US industry, and the advantages of leading firms in compliance will be further highlighted.
For example, the penetration rate is lower than in such markets as Japan and the United States. Frost&sullivan data show that China received 20.8 treatments per 1,000 people in 2020, lower than in South Korea/United States/Brazil/Japan.
During the same period, 82.4 per 47.9 per 42.8 per 26.4. As the demand for beautiful health increases, the current consumption capacity of the young consumer groups of the United States of America is rising, and the supply of compliance resources is constantly increasing, we believe that the trend towards higher penetration in China is clear in the long run and that the industry is expected to grow steadily.
Overall, the firm’s performance during the quarter is robust, the income-side sector is expected to benefit from a steady overall recovery in the medical and aesthetic sector, and the company’s regenerative product portfolio; and the Maori rate remains stable in the face of increased competition in the industry, largely thanks to greater brand awareness. Looking ahead, we believe that the company will build on the existing product matrix in the short term and actively expand its terminal channels to achieve a smooth overall growth; long-term companies will do so through self-research + outside.
At the same time, there is still much room for increasing penetration over the long term in the medical-American sector, and the advantages of leading firms in compliance-regulating trends will be further highlighted. We are under pressure from the current consumption power, with medical-American consumption not as well as expected; product research and development is not progressing as expected; new products are not being promoted as expected; and industry competition is increasing.
The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.