The pace of performance has slowed and research and development inputs have continued to intensify - Emerika (300896), 2024q1 performance evaluation report 25/04/04
On 24 April 2024, the company published a first-quarter report for 2024. 2024q1, the company achieved revenue of 808 million yuan (year-on-year + 28.24 per cent) and net return to the mother of 527 million yuan (year-on-year +27.38 per cent), and performance continued to grow but slowed: 2024q1, the company achieved revenue of 808 million yuan (year-on-year +27.38 per cent).
The decline may be related to a higher base of compensatory consumption following the outbreak’s liberalization in the first quarter of last year, which is associated with a slowdown in the growth of the company’s headlines after the growth in size. The decline in the company’s Māori rate has resulted in a slight decrease in net interest rates, and the continued growth in research and development costs: the net interest rate for the company is:
94.55. The Māori rate has declined but remains high. Companies are well managed at the cost, companies are continuously ensuring innovative R & D inputs, R & D costs are increasing, company sales costs/performance are increasing, and product lines are improving.
q3 Performance decelerated, product pipelines continued to diversify, regenerative products flourished, corporate performance grew faster, product pipelines were rich, and focus on research and development aids to improve competitiveness: firms were positioned through differentiation.
Increased research and development has created complementarities among different products, meeting the needs of different levels of clients, and building integrated product matrices. Corporate products are divided mainly into soluble products and gel products.
The security and effectiveness of the Hive has been fully recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers, and brand values are growing. The largest share of gel products is regenerative products, which, in the daytime, have continued their positive growth since their release in the second half of 2021 and become public.
The Division's construction of a strong support point for the phenomenon-level product matrix has now developed a good reputational base, with a growing branding influence. At the same time, the company is researching a rich stock of products, including for treatments, s0270516001
The backstretch medicine uses modifiers of transparent sodium acid gels with polyvinyl gels, a type of botulinum toxin for removal of dynamic wrinkles, a second-generation facial implant for soft tissue upgrading, a smigrupus injection for chronic weight management, and an inoculation note for dissolved transparent acids.
In addition, the company signed a Distribution Agreement with jeisysmedicalinc. to introduce into the country the skin-free anti-cancer device, which is already in the commercial phase of Korea, which will bring about a breakthrough in the company's energy source equipment pipeline.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: in the short term, the “high body” continues to grow, and the regenerative new product “silent daytime” and the “like angels” are expected to contribute to high corporate performance growth; in the long term, the high profile of the medical sector will continue, and national production substitution and regulation will be conducive to compliance with the hair of the Dragon.
It is expected that there will still be a balance between the company's own strengths and industry trends, and the company's “buy-in” investment will be sustained.