24q1 net profit on maternity + 27% on a year-on-year basis, and the increase is in line with expectations Summary of events: on 24 April, Emmett released the first quarter of 2024 report. 24q1, operating income of 808 million yuan, compared to 28.24%, net profit on maternity + 527 million, compared to 27.38%, net profit on non-mortality = 528 million yuan, compared to the ratio
+36.53%. 24q1, the company ' s net profit from non-repatriation increases faster than the net profit from the parent, mainly because 23q1 has a fair value change gain, the product matrix has a different layout, which drives income to continue to move up. From a product perspective, the company is increasingly competitive and influential with a full and differentiated product matrix and a clear product positioning. 24q1, operating income of 808 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
+28.24%, mainly a steady increase in the number of solution injections centred on the “Hitty Body”, which has maintained a positive growth momentum during the day, has become a strong support point for the corporate matrix of phenomenon-level products, has increased brand influence, and, since the birth of an angel, is in the process of institutional expansion, which is expected to accelerate institutional penetration and build new growth poles during the day.
More than 400 sales and market workers covered approximately 7,000 medical and aesthetic institutions at the end; companies insisted on a “predominant and complementary” marketing model, with direct sales and distribution accounting for 62.26 per cent and 37.74 per cent, respectively, in 2023.
The Māori rate is stable, and it is expected to continue to boost the company's overall Māori rate as regenerative materials grow rapidly during the day.
In this trend, we expect sales rates and management rates to continue to be spread; at the same time, companies place a high priority on R & D inputs, and R & D rates are expected to pre-eminence the product and sustain high-growth growth of the company.
At a time when the system’s products are relatively well embedded at the institutional level, we believe that the future growth in the growth of income from the system’s repurchases is more likely to lead to an overall increase in the size of the market in the health sector. 2 Regenerative materials: sustaining good growth during the day.
+47 per cent of the year ' s net return profit compared to the year 023, with performance in line with expectations Accelerating institutional penetration; if the biological angel were released in late July 23, it would be combined with filling and tight effects and would be less demanding for doctors, -2024/03/20.
It is hoped that the demand for more renewable material-type products will be matched by a new growth pole during the day.3 The follow-up product matrix will bring a new 2.America (300896.sz) event review: with South Koreaje Watch: A modifier and transparent sodium acid gel (Punida II) is registered to correct the backstretched medical use of polyethylene gel microballs.
The declaration phase, the registration phase of the injection of a botulinum toxin for eyebrow improvement, the clinical phase of the second generation of facial implants, the trial phase, the completion of the i-clinical trial with the Lilalupi injection fluid, the ii-clinic phase of the Lidoca-Dincain mamoleum, and the tri-quarterly review of the Oxygen 3. (300896.sz) 2023:
Couplic acid injection fluids, transparent acidases, smigrupon injection fluids are in the pre-clinical phase and are expected to be submitted for clinical trials in 2024 The sale of hydroluminous products is steadily increasing, and the product matrix is expected to continue to be enriched; the company further strengthens the strategic layout in the area of weight management and lipid reduction, in collaboration with the Qydone Organisms
On the basis of US$ 500 million in US$ 500 million in investment to hold 4.89 per cent of the stock of the typhoid organisms; the company obtained jeisys under the flag of density (radio frequency dermatologist's equipment) and linearz (ultrasound dermatologist's equipment) 3h1 income and profit performance and profit distribution schemes through distribution of marketable PV products
Promotion, distribution, marketing and authorization of related services in Mainland China to achieve breakthroughs in energy source equipment pipelines. Confidence-building for development - 2023/08/25 Investment proposal: pre-eminence of corporate products, deep distribution of channels, sustained growth of renewable products, follow-up production
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.