Quarterly performance meets expectations and values core products. Emmett (300896) - performance rating in the first quarter of 2024.
Events: The company issued its first quarterly report in 2024, achieving operating income of 808 million yuan (+28.24 per cent) in the first quarter of 2024, net profit of 527 million yuan (+27.38 per cent) from the mother, net profit of 528 million yuan (q1 net profit) at a pace that is consistent with expectations, and profitability is stable.
The weight of the major product brand has increased, with sales revenue from the 2024q1 company remaining robust, and the Māori rate remaining high. The cost rate has dropped significantly during the period of the company, on the one hand with the increase in the size of the collection, which is larger than the increase in the cost, and, on the other hand, mainly with the large amount of the Hong Kong stock listed during the same period last year.
Reconciling research and development to consolidate the technology stock and build a highly differentiated matrix of products. Research and development costs for 2024q1 and external cooperation to upgrade research and development output. The company currently has a number of heavy-pound products in the pipeline.
Toxics: For improvement of eyebrow stripes, registered declaration phase; 3) second-generation facial implantation: for soft tissue upgrading, clinical trial phase; 4) lidocaincain mamoleum: for adult shallow skin, local skin anaesthesia prior to surgery, clinical trial phase; 5) injection with transparent acidase: for solubility
Detoxification of transparent acids, pre-clinical studies. In addition, the company's collaboration with the Quantico Biology has led to a 300-percent picture of the thong product, with an investment of 50 million yuan in 4.89% of its shareholdings, and has signed with jeisys of Korea.
Sales agreements, promotion, distribution, investment advice for medical equipment and consumables in China and China: companies, as domestic medical champions, have a robust growth of core products, which accelerates the release of high value-added products during the day and progresses in an orderly manner in the line of research. As regulations become more stringent, companies do.
The risks are not as wide as expected, and new products are not on the market as expected.
Galactic Medicine: A quarter of performance. Galactic Medicine: A quarter of performance.
[Galaxy’s] company review _Emerme (300896); three quarters of my commitment to a diligent and professional approach, to present this report independently and objectively, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In order to ensure the quality of service, to control investment risks, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager to complete the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.