The main coal industry has risen in volume, with companies performing well in the first half of the year. Events: Mid-year 2019 reported on 5 August 2019 by the Western Hill Coal Power, with companies achieving operating income of 16,933 million yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 10.99 per cent in the same year; Lixi Hill Coal (000983.sz)
Total lubricant of $1.946 billion, an increase of 9.02% over the same period; net return to the mother of $1,268 million, an increase of 13.72% over the same year; net profit after deducting non-recurring gains and losses of $1,280 million; interest rate of 57.91% for Zhou Jie Research Assistant. Overall, the value of the company’s coal business has risen, and the increase in profits from the coal plate has driven the company’s performance in the first half of the year.
Wang Shimin Research Assistant \triangleright, West Mountain Coal (000983) Annual Review: The company is running well, and the company is doing well.
West Mountain Coal (000983) Quarterly Report Review: Three Quarter Performance Decline, West Mountain Coal (000983) Reported Review: Coal Coal Coal Fever Performance Steady \triangleright
Coal extraction resources are scarce for companies to develop over the long term. Most of the coal mines produced in the country are less productive and less productive, and the supply side has been reformed since 2016. There has been a strong growth in the company’s business indicators, which have gradually been cleared up to the good of 2018.08.03, while new coal-mining products are dominated by power coal, and there is a tendency to tighten the supply of coker processing in the medium to long term; and with the transfer of coal mining to the depths.
The West Mountain Coal Power (000983) Annual Review: Coal Coal Coal Coals performed well, Growth robustly and Resource Strengthed Long-term Developments 2018.04.26 Production difficulties are also increasing, so we believe that the price of cokering, especially high-quality coal, will remain high in the long term.
Māori accounted for 92.01 per cent, caloric coal sales for 45.78 per cent, primary coal in the ancient deposits where the company's main production area was low ash, low sulfur, good combustibility, etc.
The company will benefit from the core. The Shanxi State Finance Committee will identify 2019 as the "win year" for the reform of Shanxi Province's state-owned companies.
This year, the West will vigorously pursue its “listed companies plus” strategy, aiming to achieve two “zero breakthroughs” in overall listing and new stock listings, with existing listed companies strengthening market value management and gradually increasing asset securitization rates. The current asset securitization rate of the Shanxi Coal Group is about 24%, with the company as the only coal company to be listed under the Shanxi Coal Group, with a coal production ratio of only 26%, the best platform for the group and its coal business to achieve overall listing.
Equity price catalysts: economic growth is higher than expected; supply-side reforms in the coal sector are higher than expected; and corporate reform processes are higher than expected. \triangleright Risk factors: economic downside, low demand; and security accident risks.
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Zhang Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal sector. Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering School, University of Mines of China, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.