Coal power in Western Hills (000983.sz) Coal prices rose by 13.7 per cent in the first half of the year compared to the same year.
The net profit earned by the mother is 1,268 million yuan, yoy + 13.7%, and the equivalent is 0.403 yuan per share, of which the performance is expected in the second quarter.
The acquisition of 10 per cent of energy and the further increase in corporate coal equity, coupled with continued growth in business reforms in Shanxi, is expected to boost corporate valuations by bringing in group assets, looking at sustained growth in corporate performance and rising valuations, covering for the first time, and giving a “buy-in” rating.
Coal operations rose at a very high price, driving the same growth: the primary coal production in the first half of the year was 1,482 million tons, an increase of 10.85 per cent, while commercial coal sales were 13,02 million tons, an increase of 16.90 per cent in the same year. The increase in coal production in the first half of the year is expected to be caused by the release of the ravine.
679.47 ton (excluding taxes), an increase of 11.59% in the same year. Coal-led upscaling business increased by 8.52% in the same year, accounting for 92.0% of the company's total Māori, increased profits in coal-driven companies The power, heat-stretch losses and coke business grew steadily in the same year: electricity, heat, first half of the year.
Power sales amounted to 9 billion degrees, an increase of 40.63 per cent in the same year, and heat supply of 1992 million gj, an increase of 40.63 per cent in the same year, resulting in an equal increase in the amount of electricity generated and heat supplied in the first half of the year, due to the introduction of Nishiyama Power Company in September 1818 to production and grid-connected electricity generation. The combined electricity and heat generated 30.008 billion yuan, yoy+49.49 per cent.
For the coke industry, the sales in the first half of the year amounted to 2.13 million tons of coke, a decline of 3.18 per cent compared to the previous year, benefiting from the price of coke.
The acquisition of 10 per cent of the energy boom will boost corporate performance: the company announces a bid to buy the energy booming 15 million tons per year, with 90 per cent of the equity after the acquisition, and an increase of 1.5 million tons per year, or 5.7 per cent, in the net profit of the energy booming in 2018.
On 2nd, the company signed the relevant Property Dealing Contract, which, if successfully concluded during the second half of the year, would increase the performance of the Department throughout the year. Multifactorial resonance, which is good for the growth of the company: for the reasons of continued performance,
An additional 612,000 tons of coal mine interest capacity per year, an increase of 2.24 per cent, and the introduction of new coal capacity to companies bring about an increase in sales: (ii) to benefit from supply-side reforms, safety inspections of coal production and continuous circulation; (iv) to maintain high pressure, coal prices are expected to persist in high tremors over time; and (iii) to produce coal-ceramic dragons in the company's own country.
Industry, China imported 28,278 tons of coal from Australia in 18 years, with a market share of 44 per cent, Dalian coal imports ban, and coal imports tightened to support the upturn of the domestic coal-based landscape; fourth, the company is a platform for marketing coal-based assets from Shanxi Coal, which is the largest coal group in the country.
Coal processing enterprises and suppliers, the company ' s 17-year coker production accounted for only 5.11 per cent of the group ' s output and the merchandise sales for 26.2 per cent, and with continued progress in Shanxi (enhanced market value management for listed companies and higher securitization of assets), the group ' s high-quality assets are expected to be restructured and injected at an accelerated pace.
Growing company performance throughout the year; sixth, company power and heat operations achieved a reversal of losses in the first half of the year, but the Māori rate was only 0.33%, and there was still room for a significant increase in the Māori rate, taking into account the high coal price factor. Annual pb was 0.92 times. Corporate profitability was stable, valued low, covered for the first time, and “buyed” was given.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: