East Asia Tian Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
Qin Railway announced on 29 August the company ' s first half of the year ' s revenue: it earned 27,360 million yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 28.89 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the shareholders in listed companies, 7,622 million, improved overall, and the volume of cargo operations increased: cargo operations in the first half of Qin Railway accounted for the main business.
Seventy-nine per cent of revenue, compared with 10.5 per cent of passenger revenue. The significant increase in revenue in the first half of the year was mainly due to an overall improvement in the infrastructure of the cargo owners, with cargo traffic reaching 385 million tons in the first half of the year, an increase of 29.9 per cent compared with the 29.9 per cent; coal transport amounted to 297 million tons, an increase of 29.2 per cent compared with the 29.2 per cent; and cargo shipments along the Grand Qin line, a core asset.
The increase in freight transport, especially coal, was due mainly to the increase in road traffic, the ban on gas from the port of Tianjin, which led to the return of coal by road to iron.
Roads, coupled with a reduction in the capacity of the yellow line due to a limited diversion, and an increase in the amount of fire power generated during the current year, have also contributed to a return to the Qin line.
Prices are set by the month, and the year-to-year price rises are determined. Passenger transport is relatively robust, and passenger revenue is high. 3. "The May Qin Line is almost full, looks forward to a high fixed cost of summer coal, and the scale of operations increases profitability: the cost of the company's main business is roughly equal to the cost of the company's own business.
70-80 per cent of fixed costs, so that the expansion of the scale of operations has a low impact on operating costs, with only 6.2 per cent increase in major business costs in the current period in the context of a significant increase in business volume, with a limited profit impact of 4. Lower electrification;
5. " In April, the Qin Line was operating at full capacity and expected to be revalued -- the improvement of the coal transport market and the direct improvement in the performance of the syllable railway, the joint venture contributing 1.56 billion yuan in revenues for the current period, an increase of 200 million yuan.
At the end of the year, coal will continue to outperform the expected performance for the current year: the second half of the year, the summer peaks in electricity, the secondary peaks in charcoal, the end-year peaks in coal for heating and the blocking of coal imports, the expected continued high levels of coal shipments, and the projected annual traffic on the Qin line will reach 4.1-42 billion tons, an increase of 20 per cent.
With the full return of carbon and future fluctuations in coal prices and demand, and the implementation of supply-side changes by the State, the country will increase the market share of “trixies” of high-quality coal in the long term, so even in the context of controlling the overall consumption of coal, the Qin line is an important route for the “trixies” of coal, with an overall increase in traffic.
Good, long-term shipments are guaranteed and company valuations need to be raised.
Gasification is expected to have a negative impact on the company’s performance, so it is expected that the Qin Railway will maintain a “buy-in” rating for 2017-2019. The company’s annual price increases are determined, its fundamentals are fully recovered, road coal returns and the coal market is optimized.
Coal demand continues to weaken; railway reform is less than expected; and there is a severe diversion of the desired line; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated and built as the average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.