Qin Railway (601006) Transport volume increases efficiency gains, policy enablers take off, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Companies published semi-annual reports for 2017. Business income was 27.36 billion yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 28.9 per cent in the same year; net profit earned by mothers was 7.62 billion yuan, an increase of 107.1 per cent in the same year; net profit earned by non-retroactive mothers was 47.4 per cent in the same year, and net profit earned by mothers was 4.46 billion yuan, an increase of 174.4 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the willingness to replenish power plants downstream increased demand for coal. At the same time, steel, building materials, etc., the main coal-consuming industry demand increased.
Recovery, upturn in coal prices, high incentives for coal companies to deliver, combined with the persistence of highway policies, enhanced environmental governance in Hebei, Tianjin and the Riviera Sea bend areas, tight regulation of gas ports of coal concentration and accelerated road-to-rail return, resulting in a 24.8 per cent increase in coal delivery by companies over the reporting period.
With 22.7% of the country’s rail coal distribution, the country continues to occupy a significant position on the national rail freight market. The first half of the billion tons, 29.9% more than the previous year, represent an increase of 210 million tons of cargo traffic along the core asset Great Qin line, 33.2% more than the same year.
The increase in performance in the first quarter of this year was mainly due to the high volume of shipments, while in the second quarter the increase was mainly due to the increase in volume and prices. During the reporting period, significant corporate efficiency gains were recorded, operating income grew by nearly 29 per cent, with a cost increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period, and the cost of three was roughly the same as in the second half of last year.
In the course of the year, the domestic macroeconomic trend has not changed and will continue to support coal consumption, with the second half of the year being spent on coal, combined with the full implementation of port-cargo control measures in the Rim Sea region and the continuation of road-surplus policies, with companies expected to maintain a high level of coal transport operations in the second half of the year.
The size of the company, whether specific business or income, is higher than the size of the firm. Given that the company's volume has risen this year, the performance is expected to increase significantly.
Assumption 1: The company’s cargo volume rose in 2017 and improved its basics. The company’s coal transport ton price remained unchanged at the current level, i.e., the entire car toll remained at 9.80 km/tonne; the main line of the Grand Railways Qin, Kyouta and Fongsa remained at 10.01 km/tonne.
Assumption 2: The expansion of the scale of operations has a lower impact on operating costs, and the company ' s Māori ratio has recovered this year from last year and will remain around 26 per cent for the next three years, assuming that the company ' s three rates will increase slightly from year to year.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.