The company achieved business income of $27,357 million in 2017.
28.89 per cent increase; net return profits of RMB 7,623 million, or 107.12 per cent more than the previous performance forecast increase of 90 per cent; net non-post return profits of RMB 7,652 million, or recovery of demand and boost of transport.
Coal companies are more active in shipping. Together with the persistence of highway policies, the Tianjin and Ring Sea regions have strengthened environmental governance and strict control of the steam-cargo coal port, which has accelerated the return of road coal to railways. 217h1, of which coal is responsible for 385 million tons, yoy + 29.9% of the traffic in railways in Qin.
Transport volume: 297 million tons, yoy + 29.2 per cent; cargo turnover: 17.18 billion tons, yoy + 32.1 per cent; cargo volume: 210 million tons, y0y +33.2 per cent, of the company ' s core operating asset, Qin route, transport volume expansion is a combination of factors supporting transport demand. (1) In the second half of the year, electricity and winter heating were peak coal use
(b) In order to control the importation of poor-quality coal, the State has prohibited the operation of coal imports at type II ports approved by the provincial governments since 2017/7/1; and (c) implementing supply-side reforms will increase in the long term
The "3 West" share of high-quality coal, the Great Qin line as an important channel for the "3 West" of coal, long-term transport is solid, and the annual growth in traffic is fast and certain. We expect this year to be the year's share of the corporate cargo turnover and institutional investors in the circulation of a share.
The price has increased significantly. 217/3/24 cases have resulted in the recovery of the base price per ton of coal in the company, with an increase of 1 ton per ton; and more than 7 of the company ' s operating costs have become firm.
The cost, the cost of materials, electricity and fuel, freight services, etc. can be reduced, so the impact of the increase in traffic on operating costs is lower, with the cost of operating at only 6.41% and the dividends higher during the reporting period. With respect to company dividends, the Qin Railway has been stable at a rate of more than 50% in recent years.
And the rate of dividends is much higher than that of the company, and in 2016 the rate of dividends was 0.25 yuan per share in the Qin Railway, with a red rate, figure 7: Qin Railway dividends, figure 7: Qin Railway dividends
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.