Qin Railway (601006.sh)
In June, the Qin line averaged 1.19 million tons per day, with a 90 per cent increase in profits in the first half of the year.
The company’s basics (RMK) were announced on July 6th: (1) The first half of 2017 saw an increase in the performance forecast.
48.96 per cent long; in January-June 2017, the Qin Line had cumulatively transported 210 million tons of cargo, up from an average of 1.19 million tons per day on the Qin Line in June, and coal had entered the second quarter of the year: the Qin Line had completed 3,575,000 tons in June, an increase of 49 per cent in the same year; the daily average had reached 1.9 million tons; and it had been held in June.
1. "The May Qin Line is nearing full load and looks forward to the start of construction work under the gas pipeline of the Qin Line in summer coal, which is expected to affect the daily volume of approximately 100,000 tons, the onset of the season - the Qin Railways' Review, 2017.6.9.
So the downstream power plant started the stock-up cycle in late June; Qin Royal Island coal stock has been on the 27th of June.
Construction, increased demand for stacking coal during the season, and expected return of Qin Royal Island coal stocks (or days available) to 3. " April Qin Line fully operational, expected to be revalued - down, completed and replenished, coupled with restrictions on coal imports, boosted coal shipments or holdings in July-August
4. " A full recovery in the volume price margin, 2017 fundamentals -- 90 per cent increase in profits projected for the first half of the year, up profit forecast: cumulative cargo delivery on the Great Qin line in the first half of the year, 210 million tons, company performance forecast for recovery of base price stacks plus recovery of coal demand, first half of the year
5. " Long-term fundamentals are still good, waiting to be valued -- big weaknesses, road overflows, a ban on gas and coal transport in Tianjin contributed to the return of road coal to railways and higher power generation from fire, and to higher levels of traffic along the Qin line than in the previous half of the year.
The forecast for the Qin line is estimated to be 420 million tons for the year. The expected impact of the downward electrification surcharge is about 440 million yuan net profit return in 2017, and the return of road coal and optimized coal market support company chief continues to outpace expectations of the company ' s profit forecast.
The short-term release of line power has been hampered, with expected coal shipments expected to continue to exceed expectations in July-August.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.