Qin Railways (601006.sh)
The average daily traffic on the Qin line in July is 1.17 million tons, and the summer season will continue to boost the demand for coal transport. Market price (RMK): $8.75. The Qin Railway announced on 9th of August that the Qin line production and operation data bulletin will be published in July 2017: July 2017.
The Department ' s core operating assets, the Qin Line, completed the transport of goods by 3,634,000 tons, an increase of 44.15 per cent over the same year. The daily average was 1.17 million tons. In January-July 2017, the Qin Line cumulatively completed the transport of goods by 2,46.38 million tons, an increase of 34.67 per cent over the same period.
Summer peaks in electricity were used to safeguard the Qin line during the season: 3,634,000 tons of cargo were transported by the Qin line in July, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period; the daily average was 1.17 million tons, a decline of about 2 per cent over June; as construction projects began on 25 June for the Qin line under the gas pipeline for approximately 40 days (25 June-July)
August and July 16-29, resulting in a certain impact on traffic along the Qin line in July, which is expected to affect the amount of 100,000 tons per day at the time of construction. Summer peaks in power use began to replenish stocks on the island in early July.
By mid-July, coal demand had risen and stocks had been gradually absorbed; the average of the six major power groups in July had amounted to 72.14 million tons of coal per day, an increase of 15 per cent in the ring, an increase of 10.6 per cent in the same year, and coal stocks were available.
The number also fell from 22 days to 15 days in the beginning of the month. As demand continued to rise in the season, coal imports were blocked, the season arrived – the Qin Railways took stock, and coal shipments in August were either sustained at a high level, with an average of 1.2 million tons per day projected for the Qin line in August.
3. Lower electrification plus profit has a limited impact and is intended to reduce a certain recovery in performance throughout the year, with long-term coal price stabilization and optimized coal market structure contributing to the Qin line valuation
4. "The April Qin Line is running at full capacity and looks forward to its valuation - the return of road coal to the railways and the high level of electricity generation from the fire together contributed to a higher volume of traffic on the Qin Line than in the previous period:
A full recovery in the basics of 2017 - a 20% increase. A full return in coal growth will begin this period, with a slowdown in future coal prices and demand waves; and the country’s supply-side reforms will raise the “3 West” quality coal market in the long run.
So even under the control of the overall coal consumption ratio, the Qin line is an important route for the “trixies” of coal, the overall volume growth trend is positive, the long-term volume is secure, and the company's valuation is still to be mentioned.
Coal demand continues to weaken; railway reform is less than expected; and there is a severe diversion of the desired line; the relevant report rating ratio is analysed in the market, and then the final rating is calculated on average and built as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.