The global distribution of lithium resources, the price of lithium salt, is stable, mainly because of a reduction in the price-fixing cycle for lithium mines that mitigates cost mismatches, a substantial rebound in som investment returns and exchange gains resulting from the appreciation of the Australian dollar.
The global distribution of lithium resources, lithium mines, and lithium salt production can go hand in hand with the company's high-quality lithium quartz and salt lake lithium mines: including the Green Bush lithium quartz mine owned by the wholly-owned subsidiary of the controlling subsidiary, Venfield: as of 31 December 2024, the total mineral resources of the project were 440 million tons, oxygen.
Lithium hydride averaged 1.5 per cent and the equivalent of lithium carbonate approximately 16 million tons; the combined stock of the Limestone mine in Greenbus increased to 172 million tons and the average grade of lithium oxide was 1.9 per cent, and the equivalent of lithium eq of carbonate was approximately the total share capital/distribution (billion shares)
8.1 million tons. The Sichuan Yajiang Tsola mine, owned by the holding company in the lithium industry, is a resource base, with a total market value/flow (billion yuan) of 63.24 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, with a resource grade of 1.30%.
The shares of 22.16 per cent of the shares) and Zhekatszabuye (20 per cent of the identified lithium reserves of the Salt Lake amount to 184.1 million tons) have further expanded the layout of the high-quality lithium resources of the Salt Lake, both inside and outside the country, and have achieved 100 per cent self-sufficiency in lithium resources.
The amount was 2,694.1 million tons, of which 2,587.2 million tons of chemical-grade ore were mined, with an average grade of 1.89 per cent; 10,068 million tons of technical ore were mined, with an average grade of 3.85 per cent. The Green Bush Lithium Foil Mine had four active productions and one of the lithium concentrate production plants under construction, and the current total of lithium concentrates was approximately 1.62 million.
Tons/year, the total planned capacity totals approximately 2.14 million tonnes/year. During the reporting period, the Tyllison production camps proceeded in an orderly manner, producing a total of 6808 million tons of lithium concentrate, of which 6544 million tons were chemical-grade lithium concentrates, 30,000 tons of lithium salt were completed in Zhang Jia Hong, and were in a combined test vehicle phase, with a further increase in the company ' s lithium salt production capacity.
The demand for lithium batteries has increased and demand for lithium salt has increased. In recent years, the number of new energy vehicles and storage units has increased by 35.2 per cent over the same period, according to the European Association of Automotive Manufacturers, 2025h1, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in Europe was 1.78 million, an increase of 23.6 per cent over the same period, with a global penetration rate of 26.1 per cent.
The demand for the electricity storage energy market continued to burst, with 2025h1, with a global storage system capacity of 86.7gwh, an increase of 54% over the same period. The demand for lithium batteries for emerging consumer products also continued to rise. Global lithium battery production exceeded 1000gwh in the first three quarters of 2025, and demand for lithium carbonate continued to grow strongly.
Lithium carbonate prices are stable, and the bottom zone is shaking. The company is also actively developing a new lithium battery material technology to prepare for the development of the next generation of lithium batteries.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a signatory to the Pacific, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may raise any aircraft for these companies.