On 19th of February, 2021, the cyclical growth path began.
• Entering smart farming giants, opening the path to cyclical growth, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
We've moved down to 2020 and into the age of smart farming, with a significant cost advantage, given the dramatic price increases for maize and the expansion of capacity, and we've measured the full cost of the company's commodity pigs in 2019 at $13.1 per kilogram.
High-temperature sterilisation measures (+0.2), hardware upgrading of pighouses (+0.1), talent reserves and incentives to increase staff remuneration (+0.4), new testing tools and staff inputs at the end of the sale (+0.1); staff pay increases due to maize price increases (+0.7), equity incentive charges amortized (+0.6).
Total cost hub approximately $14.5 per kilogram, down to 34 per cent based on the 2021 maize usage/(corn + wheat) scenario, raw material cost equal to +1.0; equity incentive costs will drop to 0.1, biosafety upgrades will bring the cost of vaccines and medicines equal to ~0.1 dollars, and as new staff become operational and pighouse performance increases
High-level vaccinations, rotational binary breeding systems that lay the foundation for a high-speed expansion of the company ' s pig-rich stock, are expected to be fast-growing, with some of the pig-rich areas occupied from 2019q4 onwards, and are expected to increase over the next three years, continuing to be certified until 2020.
In December, about 30% of the capable hogs were raised in fertile houses. The tightness of production growth will be alleviated in 2021, but by the end of 2021 more than 10% of the capable hogs are expected to be raised in fertile houses, and therefore, the company update report - the cost of farming continues.
"The company's first cover report - own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-own-breathing business, and the system's advantages lay high growth.
Bases - 2020.6.4.1 The stock of the dragon pig that optimizes the speed and efficiency of the country's pig-breeding enterprise, which manages the entire industry in a self-sustaining manner.
The refined formula achieves optimal feed rates, a two-dimensional breeding system that combines efficiency and development, advanced pig design, and high-level staff performance to achieve efficient farming. The number of cagr entries has reached 48% since 2010 and 1,816,000 in 2020, of which the commodity pigs/pigs/pigs are 1152.4,594,64.43 million; African pigs.
Before the plague, the company’s commodity pigs cost about $10-12.5 per kilogram, rising to $13.1-14.4 per kilogram after the plague in Africa, and continuing to lead the industry.
The price of pigs dropped by 46%, while the share price of herbs rose by 154%. The central reason for stock price reversals was the rapid expansion of the output and the realization of performance under cost advantages, with 132% growth in 2017, leading and the largest increase in history, with the commodity pig costing only $11.12/kg, a competitive advantage over the industry, the pig price.
With the continued degeneration of production and the African swine plague, the reverse price of pigs is expected to drive stock prices ahead of pig prices, which have historically risen by 80%. The current market is still divided about the growth of pigs at lower prices.
We believe that the core of the pig cycle is whether or not it can be fully achieved at a more affordable cost, so this report will demonstrate the growth of the company by demonstrating its cost-change path and the growth of its output levels, respectively.
After years of exploration of herding shares, the farming model has entered the age of 3.0 for intelligent pig-raising. In 2017, the Smart Farm Management Platform was launched to fine-tune farm management and sensibility in decision-making. After the African pigpest epidemic took place in our country, the company upgraded the pighouses to “three pig-proof farms” and applied smart machines in 2019 to raise the level of biosafety.
Equipment has been unattended and biosafety and farming efficiency has improved significantly.Figure 5: The stock of herds has been fully transformed into intelligent pig-breeding. With high-level pighouses and farming techniques, the cost of non-pest farming has increased, but it is still in the industry.
Excellent levels. We measured the full cost of the company ' s commodity pigs in 2019 at $13.13/kg, an increase of $1.98/kg over the same period, and increased to varying degrees, with the exception of a reduction of 0.20/kg in the cost of medicines and vaccines. 2.1. Raw materials: shift to full intelligent control of feed production, high-temperature sterilization, etc.
Fine feed formulations, wheat and maize are flexible alternatives, production capacity is located in the main food-producing areas of the Northeast River, and truck transport is a competitive advantage on the feed end of pre-African pigpest disease companies.
Rates; feed from production, transport to feeding full process intelligence control, with an additional 85°C high temperature total sterilisation chain passed through pipe containment to the demand unit. Figure 6: Corporate feed full process intelligent management
High-temperature treatment of additional feed processing and farming, farm feed transit measures have increased the cost of raw foods by 0.2 to 0.3 yuan per kilogram, but feed is an important route for non-pest transmission, with input from high-level biosafety production patterns; and the epidemic has disturbed the rise in the mortality rate of live pigs and the related decline in production indicators.
These two factors led to an increase in the cost of raw materials for commercial pigs in 2019 by 0.49 per kilogram. The projected future cost of unusual raw materials is 0.20.3 yuan/kg per kilogram as the disease stabilizes. Figure 7: Cost of raw materials for commercial pigs in 2019 as compared to +0.49 yuan/kg per kilogram
2.2 Depreciation: Full hardware upgrade reduces the risk of non-pest transmission, but rigidly raises the cost of depreciation.
In addition, the Smart Farm management platform includes innovative applications such as precision control systems for small environments, a pigs health management system, and a smart pighouse alarm system that collects data on the temperature, humidity, and equipment performance of pighouses and combines information processing and artificial intelligence techniques.
To become a self-organized, self-adapted intelligent production system that automatically matches the growth control programmes best suited to the pigs, depending on the size of the pig population, age, etc., fine-tuning of farm management and intellectualization of decision-making.
A small portion of the total hardware upgrade input is included in current manufacturing costs, most of which form fixed assets in the form of depreciation. Cost is taken into account, capital expenditure on new and modified units of capacity built after the plague is raised by approximately $150/head, calculated in terms of the age of depreciation by 15 years, and the cost of depreciation in full production is increased by 0.08/kg plus the impact and seeding of the 2019 epidemic.
The limited movement of pigs and the idleness of some of the fixed assets also resulted in an increase in the cost of depreciation of about $N0.18/kg and a combined increase of $N0.26/kg in depreciation in 2019; on the other hand, the loss of the human cost of the hog house would also be reduced.
On the other hand, we believe that the central advantage of the Triple Hog House is to reduce the risk of infection of non-pest, and that the new hoghouse still requires time to settle from the point of commission to the optimal performance, with no cost advantages in the short term as compared to the pre-pest pighouse.
On the one hand, since 2019, the company has increased its pool of personnel by an average of +41 per cent per year, with 96,000 workers as of 202003, assuming that the ratio of producers to breeders is equal to the ratio of producers.
82 per cent/70 per cent. With the increase in the level of intelligent farming, assuming that individual breeders are running at 1,038 per annum, the cost of staff reserves is difficult to absorb; on the other hand, (1) the company has increased the sterilisation of its personnel and has increased allowances for birth attendants, and (2) in line with the pig price cycle, the post-pest technical worker appraisal programme has been revised from the target.
In a profit test, average per capita pay increased by 18 per cent in the same year in 2019, resulting in an increase of 0.1-0.2 yuan/pound in labour costs, the current expansion of industrial opportunities by major farming groups to catch up with the current cycle of African pigpest, the expected shortage of high-quality talent in the non-arrival industries, and a sustained increase in per capita wages in the short term.
2.4. Period costs: In terms of personnel and costs during the period of upgrade of vaccination inputs, the company increased the means of detection of the sales chain and the staff input, increasing sales costs by 0.05 yuan/kg in 2019; due to staff stocks and salary upgrades, non-pest research and development inputs, partial idle capacity, etc.
In 2019, management costs were raised by 0.23 yuan/kg, with salary increases of 0.14 yuan/kg, R & D cost increases of 0.02 yuan/kg. The lower increase in R & D costs was mainly due to the reclassification of R & D teams by companies and the reclassification to production of teams more closely associated with production, such as veterinary research, clinical testing, etc., with (1) expected to follow birth by 2020
The cost of the idle part of the production capacity will be amortized if the utilization rate rises; (2) the amortization of the cost of the equity incentive will increase management; based on the median performance forecast, we estimate the full cost of the company ' s commodity pig in 2020 at $14.04 per kilogram, which is 0.91 per kilogram increase, which we believe is mainly due to: (1) the ratio of corn to wheat use of 2.7:7.3 assumptions.
The maize price rises the cost of raw materials by about 0.67 per kilogram; (2) equity incentive amortization costs by about 0.55 per kilogram. The 2020q2 complete cost ring ratio decreased by quarter, and 2020q2-q3 ring ratio-0.96/-0.93 per kilogram, reflecting the improved performance of new employees in farming techniques and smart pighouses, which are still present in the future.
For the year 2021, maize prices will remain high and there will be some upward pressure on the cost of raw materials, but wheat, which replaces maize, has a traditional advantage in feed formulation techniques, assuming a 34 per cent reduction in maize usage/(corn + wheat) in 2021, the cost of raw materials will be equal to +1.00/kg; at the same time, the cost of equity incentives will be reduced to 0.08.
RMB/kg, biosafety upgrades bring costs of vaccines and medicines to the same ratio - 0.10 yuan/kg, and as the level of the newcomer industry and the cost of raising pig house performance are reduced, the full cost of the commodity pigs is projected to be around 14.52 yuan/kg in 2021.
For the long term, even considering that the cost of medicines and vaccines has been reduced by 0.3-0.4 yuan per kilogram as a result of increased biosafety, the full cost of non-pestivar farming will be raised by about 0.21-0.71 yuan per kilogram, with pig varieties determining their potential and productivity ceilings, although improvements in the breeding environment will contribute to increasing the genetic potential of pigs.
The impact on parameters such as feed rates, thin meat rates, growth rates, etc. is somewhat positive, but the effect is not significant, and the investors should not be overestimated. 3.1, high-level vaccinations, rotational binary breeding systems provide the basis for a high-speed expansion of the stock of piglets.
Disturbed by a non-pest disease, 218q4-2019q1 has been able to grow a hog on two consecutive quarterly rolls, with a net increase of more than 100,000 head per month maintained. By the end of 2020, the company could grow a hog/back-up hog, respectively, because we believe that the company can grow a hog at a much faster rate than it does, i.e., because of the new hoghouse, high specifications.
The disease control measures have made the outbreak of swine fever in Africa manageable. According to our estimates, in 2019-2020, the total mortality rate was 35.25 per cent, with a declining trend and better than that of the industry; (2) its unique binary breeding system, characterized by meat, plant and use, was able to quickly supplement the quality of the pig in the absence of a skilled pig.
Table 8: Decreased mortality rate of live pigs from 2019 to 2020
Thanks to its prophylactic and binary breeding systems, the company has grown faster than the growth of its production capacity, which, since 2019q4, has been partly able to produce pigs, who have had to take up the fertility pads, and which, according to our estimates, were about 30% able to feed them in the fertility farm by the end of December 2020.
The growth rate will ease the shortage, but it is expected that by the end of 2021 more than 10% will still be able to grow a pig in a fertilizer farm, so that in 2021 the company will still be able to sell the pig properly, reducing the pressure bar on the commodity pig. The share will remain high, allowing the pig to recover slowly from a fall in efficiency and determine that the price of the pig will remain high in the next two years;
The price of 2021q1-q2 pigs is expected to drop from the market since then, but due to the 2020q4 winter outbreak, there is a shortage of low-weight pigs to throw, which is good for the pig price; 2021q4 benefits from the seasonal season of consumption, where prices are expected to rise. (1) For herd shares, their production capacity is mainly located in the main areas of pig production in the south and northeast of the river; (2) out of the fact that they are in the middle of the river.
Bio-safety considerations, the company forced the sale of pigs by its customers during the marketing process, prevented the return of pigs to the same generation, and reduced the graded sale of pigs, so that the average price of its merchandise pig sales was at a structural level of 2-3 yuan per kilogram compared to the average market price, (1) determined that the company ' s capacity was scarce enough to sell piglets; and (2) the company intended to sell piglets in the river.
In the southern province of Namyang, in the districts of Ningming, in Chongxi Province, and Shinno, in Namyang Province, in Henan Province, the establishment of subsidiaries to develop pig breeding and pig farming operations is expected to increase the amount of farm sales as pig farm production expands. We anticipate that in all cases pigs will sell 64/79/84 million.
In addition to the decline in vaccine spending, the level of operations of new employees and the continued improvement of the performance of new pigs, the company farm costs are estimated at 4.2.1, pb-roe: the market value of herd shares is currently at the bottom of the market 21 per cent for the previous cycle (2014-2019) and the average pb level of 7.0 x is the highest.
The current cycle is different from the past: net sales interest rates show that the current damage to the non-pest-disturbing coils has led to a relatively high share of the three-dollar pig population and an increase in the price of the pig, while our previous study, The Ding Dynamite Series One:
Industry farm costs are expected to be high in the long run, and head pigs are expected to travel through the cycle of over-profits in the next three years, noting that the central cost of the industry is expected to increase by $3-4 per kilogram over the next three years than before the plague, while herd shares, with excellent management and vaccination capabilities, contribute to the large and industry cost gap and are expected to raise the net interest rate for company sales at lower prices in the future; and asset turnover rates are expected to rise significantly in the future.
This is expected to decline as pigs fall and assets expand; the equity multiplier is expected to drop slightly. We expect pastoral stock to be at the bottom of the range for the current cycle, pb at the top, and hog price up to the average of 18.6x and 13.0x, respectively, compared to the previous week.
At the heart of the move by pigs out of Alpha lies the rapid expansion of the column and the realization of performance under cost advantages, with herd shares expected to rise by 40 million in 2021, at +121 per cent, while full cost conservative assumptions are assumed to be covered by maize and +44 per cent, with pig prices still rising backwards and well above 2017, and we believe that the future will be followed by an increase.
The stock price is expected to replicate the 2017 independent performance. Recapitulation of the 2017 valuation level, with a forward-looking market surplus of up to 27 x, and the current cycle, where the price of pig prices has prolonged the release of lower Shinhara shares, is expected to be 20 x at a year-old peak, with significant growth space.
Taking into account the volatility of the pig cycle, we measure the intrinsic value of the growing pig in terms of future balance, taking into account the profitability of the pig cycle. In terms of balance, the pig commodity balance is profitable = the industry’s fair return + the excess return of its own cost advantage, and we measure the balance of the stock of the porcelain before the African swine plague.
The average profit was about 350 yuan per head and the average for the industry was 150 yuan per head; the African swine plague further magnified the cost of the industry. Dispersity, we measured the cost of corporate farming to remain at $13.1-14.0 per kilogram between 2019 and 2020, while the full cost of the industry rose to $17-20 per kilogram.
The path of falling industry costs over the next three years has been measured by the expected long-term high cost of linguists, with head pigs passing through the cycle of excess profit, and the supply of quality binary pigs has been slow due to (1) the impact of the epidemic in the original field of the industry; (2) we measure that the current industry still has less than 6 per cent of the capacity to complete the treatment of the pighouses and that the outbreak will become normal.
The build-up and subsequent upgrades will also lead to an increase in depreciation costs; it is expected that the cost of farming in the industry will fall only marginally and slowly over the next three years, thus raising the cost advantage of the industry to more than $4 per kilogram compared to herd shares, which in the future will not match its growth.
In the past, the company has successfully demonstrated its ability to grow pigs for the country, based on its persistently lower costs of farming and its rapid expansion, that the African pig plague has entered the age of smart farming, which has increased its competitive advantage over the industry, and that the company is expected to cross the pig price over the next three years with its overprofit and expansion.
The value of the 2022 valuation was lower than that of the peers, and the “buy-in” rating was maintained, taking into account the competitive advantage of the company and the characterization of performance. The increase was not as high as expected, the cost of farming was significantly higher, and the price of pigs was not as high as expected.