Sindha ' s Industry Perspective > This Week: Focusing on engineering machinery related to “stable growth”, turn-over equipment plates, better elastic lithium power plate 1) Engineering Machinery: According to IAEM data, the volume of excavators sold in April was 28410, an increase of 7.0 per cent, with domestic sales.
At the structural level, the average market for brand names in the middle of April was 63.8%, with 7.1 pt and 2.9 ppt higher by the same year; at the same time, it was 11.1%, with 3.8 pt and 17.7 per cent and 18.6 per cent respectively, respectively, for sales of excavators in April, and Caterpillar, with 3.2 per cent and 1.1 ppt to 10.5 per cent. At the same time, in 2019, the Government reported that it would invest 800 billion yuan in railways and 1.8 billion yuan in road water transports throughout the year.
We believe that steady growth remains the focus of short-term economic efforts, coupled with the continuation of policies related to steady growth in 2019.
The performance of the engineering machinery plate is expected to continue to improve on a high basis in 2018. It is recommended that attention be paid to the first-line pioneers in the country (600031.sh), the second-line Dragonhead Willows (000528.sz), the high-altitude platform (603338.sh), the core parts of the engineering machinery provider (60110.sh), the Eddie Precision (603638.sh) and the large-scale equipment transfer industry (600528.sh) and the Chinese vehicle (601766.sh).
[Excellently] Industry weekly products that gather policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth in one piece, for pursuit of 2) lithium electric equipment: prior period, fear of lower-than-expected discounts in the new energy-supplement industry, leading to price-cutting pressures in the new energy industry, we believe, on the one hand, to consider Ning.
The German era, Biadey, and other large lithium cell companies have continued their trend of expansion, with a more determinative rise in lithium electricity production in 2019 and 2020, with the capacity of lithium electric equipment under relative stress and less pressure to reduce prices; moreover, unlike in 2017 and the first half of 2018, as a result of the continued shuffling of the lithium equipment industry, tap-head lithium power has been reduced.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best of companies, with an increase in bargaining power per equipment manufacturer. Although the lithium battery industry still faces a pattern of structural excess capacity, the surplus is mainly due to backward low-end capacity, with high-end output pushing only 1-2 stocks.
We suggest that the focus be on changing with Ningde, and follow-up points, with reasons given for proposing stock changes. The multi-dimensionally tied and more flexible lead intelligence (300,450.sz), whole-line tap technology (300457.sz) and coating equipment (300.340.sz).
They think these stock movements are going to be a significant victory over the market.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing (002179.sz) (2019-06-06 bid for $31.06)
A steady increase in performance was observed in 2019, when corporate profits increased. Companies achieved operating income of $7,816 million in 2018, or 22.86 per cent in the same year; net return profits were realized of $954 million, or 15.56 per cent in the same year. A slight increase in the share of low-morigin private goods, such as communications, new energy vehicles, industrial equipment, was affected by a combination of 32.56 per cent in the reporting period, a decrease of 2.48 pt compared to the same period in the previous year. Corporate sales costs and management costs were well controlled and financial costs benefited from the exchange rate fluctuations of the United States dollar, which was significant.
In 2019, the company will continue to focus on the connectivity area, along the vertical extension of the industrial chain, with a focus on the promotion of the civil development project and on increasing the development of the space market. It will continue to follow up on deep-sea equipment construction, domestic and international interconnection of new energy vehicles, 5g, orbital transport markets.
In 2018, the cost of PV in China rose by 31.22%, from 7.95% to 8.49%; the share of R&D personnel rose from 19.92% to 23.01%, from 3.11 pct. During the reporting period, companies applied for more than 300 patents for inventions.
A number of products, such as high-intensity print board connectors, interplating wireless transmission technology, have broken foreign monopolies and created autonomous intellectual property rights; a number of technological achievements, such as anti-nuclear electromagnetic pulse connections, seawater straight-coolboard technologies, represent the highest level of our international counterparts; and the “highest speed of 56 gbps high-speed transmission technology” has been placed in the “third round of China's military-military innovation” ring and won the prize.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic cooperation with priority clients, provided comprehensive security for weapons and equipment, and continued to consolidate and upgrade the company’s position in the military industry. The company’s share of the international civil high-end market continued to rise, the country’s large-scale land-based amphibious aircraft ag600 flew on water and the successful launch of China’s first private self-research rocket, the Gyeongqing Two River Star, was effectively supported by company-focused products.
The company pushed for the establishment of a German branch to enter the supply chain of the international first-class car company; in the area of 5g, it strengthened its cooperation with China, which won the title of “global gold medal supplier.” China’s photovoltaics insisted on developing new dynamic energy through stock change and incremental rise, doubling revenues in the areas of oil, medical care, and new energy equipment, and increasing sales and receipts in the area of industrial equipment by more than 50% on a year-on-year basis.
Risk factors: Development of the new type of research and development has not progressed as expected; companies have not expanded to higher-end interconnections as expected. \triangleright Related study: A sustained acceleration of performance and deepening of civil-military integration. 2018.10.26; A marked recovery of performance in the second quarter and deepening of civil-military integration.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.