Events: Annual report from China PV, 2018, released on 21 March 2019. During the reporting period, companies achieved operating income of $7,816 million, an increase of 22.86 per cent over the same period; realization of affiliation net profits of the parent shareholders of China PV (002179.sz) of $954 million, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the same period. Realization of deductions was attributed to the parent company net profit of $885 million, an increase of 14.48 per cent over the same period; corresponding gains of eps
The company achieved operating income of $7,816 million in 2018, an increase of 22.86 per cent in the same year: a net return of $954 million, an increase of 15.56 per cent in the same year. A slight increase in the share of low-māori private goods, such as communications, new energy vehicles, industrial equipment, was affected by a 32.56 per cent corporate gross gross gross profit during the reporting period, a decrease of 2.48 pt compared to the same period in the previous year; the company ' s sales costs and management costs were well controlled and the financial costs benefited from the exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar.
In 2019, the company will continue to focus on the connectivity area, extending vertically along the industrial chain, focusing on the expansion of civil services and increasing the development of the space market. Follow-up on deep-sea equipment construction, domestic and international interconnection of new energy vehicles, 5g, tracks, etc.
In 2019, we saw the growth of corporate profits in the traffic market, opening up high-end consumer electronics.
In 2018, the cost of PV in China increased rapidly, by 31.22% compared to the same year, and the share of R&D in China rose by 7.95%.
A number of technological achievements, such as steady growth in performance and sustained increases in net interest rates, represent the highest level of our country compared to their international counterparts, including technology such as straight-cooler seawater technologies; a “highest rate of 56 gbps high-speed transmission technology” into “stable growth in performance, product R & D progressing well” 2017.09.01.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic cooperation with priority clients, comprehensively built equipment for the barrier, and continued to consolidate and upgrade the company’s industrial position in the military-industrial field.
In addition, the company pushed for the establishment of a German branch to enter the supply chain of the international first-class car company: 5g, working with China to strengthen its cooperation with China, and winning China as a “global gold medal supplier.” China’s photovoltaic power continues to grow new power through stock change and incremental rise, doubling revenues in the fields of oil, medical care, new energy equipment, etc.
The sales revenue in the area of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. increased by more than 50 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The profits forecast and rating: we expect the net return of PV from mid-2019 to mid-2021 at $1,181 million, $1,455 million and $1,732 million, respectively, at \triangleright.
Risk factors: The new type of R & D is not as advanced as expected; companies are not expanding to higher-end interconnections as expected. \triangleright Sindam Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.