On May 16, the U.S. Department of Commerce Industry and Security (bis) included China as a so-called "entity."
Lists. After entering the list, all U.S. businesses will no longer be able to supply to China without the permission of the U.S. Government. We believe that as a “global gold supplier” of the company, the company will benefit from or benefit fully from the alternative process of national production, while China will be able to produce on a high-speed backboard.
1. Connectors account for about 3-5 per cent of the value of communications equipment, and connectors, as one of the essential components of communications equipment, are priced in communications equipment.
Communications end-of-life equipment consists mainly of switchboards, routers, modems, user access terminal equipment, etc. According to the Strategic Planning Study on Forecasting and Investment in China’s Connector Manufacturing Industry, the connectionr’s price in communications equipment
The value is about 3-5%, and more than 10% in some large telecommunications equipment. On a global scale, the manufacturing of telecommunications equipment, after almost two decades, is still a high-speed development, with a growing market for communications equipment. At the same time, the country’s communications industry continues to expand.
The problem of missing core electronic components cannot be ignored. We have now made breakthroughs in the areas of communications backbone chips, radio frequency devices, photochips, etc., and are gradually starting to replace national production, but at present, high-end electronic components, such as cpu, fpga, ad/da, radio frequency chips, etc., are complete.
1. China PV (002179). There is almost no substitute for military catalogue adjustment and the market for the ball. The earlier events highlighted key domestic chips, and the related tax issues, 2018-12-21.
2. Revenue Recognition as Good, 4-quarter ratio of military goods or upgrade - 3-quarter review of PV (002179).
3. PV in China (002179), PV in China 4. PV in China (002179), Research Brief: Towards High-end Areas, Towards System Integration 2018-01-23
On November 7th, 2018, China was won as a global gold supplier. As China's supplier of cable and connector materials, China's skylight power supply.
We believe that China, after being included in the so-called "entity list", will speed up the process of national production substitution and autonomous control, and that China’s PV will benefit the future or well. The company’s communications operations peaked in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations, and the field of communications in 2018 is still in the run-up to the transition of 4g to 5g, and in terms of 5g, the company’s communications connectors are mainly used for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment.
The company is also the country’s first supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions with 56 gbps high-speed connectors and receives $46.2 million from the National Support Fund, and with the project coming into existence, the company is expected to be able to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps.
Figure 2: Typical links between base station controllers, mobile exchange networks and gateway support nodes
In 2018, the company released its fifth-generation high-speed backboard connector, which has made breakthrough progress. The high-speed backboard is a part of a typical electronic system that provides physical connectivity between modules. Complex systems rely on backboard connections, walkers, and connectors to handle a large number of high-speed data streams.
According to an interview with Li Sen, Deputy Director General of China Photovoltaic Power, the fifth generation high-speed backboard connector achieved a transmission rate of up to 25 gbps, which could be said to have broken the high-speed connection market held by international giants such as fci, which is used mainly in large data centres, switches, routers, and base stations. Besides the high-speed rate, high density, low cost, high reliability are also the most important features.
In the field of end-of-pipe communications, which was subsequently refined and expanded in line with the demands of the military-industrial market, the industrial base of the PV industry was built up in the second half of 2014, the level of automation was gradually increasing, the product processing process was consistent, and production capacity was gradually released.
Moreover, from 4g to 5g to 6g, demand for high-speed backboard products is being boosted by applications such as enterprise data centres, cloud computing and so forth, with the use of hundreds of millions of dollars a year by just one telecommunications equipment manufacturer, and about 1.2 to 1.5 billion yuan in regional market purchases in China, accounting for nearly half of the world’s population, and demand for backboard connectors will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years.
4. The expected performance of the quarterly report was higher than expected, with year-round growth high, and the forecast of the corporate supermarkets for the first quarter of 2019 was due mainly to the low base of last quarter, the revenue from communications, new energy vehicles and the military industry was confirmed to be better this year than last year, and the contract, which was compressed in December last year as a result of the completion of the year ' s targets in a number of sub-sectors, was released centrally in the first quarter of this year.
The main reason why profits increase in a quarter are matched by income growth and higher market expectations is, first, that the cost of issuing debt swaps is not as high as previously anticipated by the market, with financial costs increasing by less than 7 million, mainly because funds raised for the issuance of debt swaps are used as negotiated deposits, and interest income is earned to offset some of the financial costs of the transfer being issued at or around 2 per cent of the base interest rate of the loan. Second, research and development costs are better controlled.
This year, we see a marginal improvement from 23.50% in the same year, below the growth rate of operating income and operating costs. Third, management costs are better controlled by 13.48% in the same year, and we judge that the main reason for this increase, or the increase in management costs resulting from the large pay and bonuses granted to R & D staff in the previous quarter, is a marginal improvement in the same year.
At this point in time, we believe that the company’s performance in 2019 is expected to exceed market expectations, while delivery of arms and equipment is slower than expected, value-added tax has a higher impact than expected, and military pricing reforms have a higher impact than expected.
China PV (002179). HW is a gold medal supplier and will benefit fully or in the future from national production as an alternative to acceleration.
. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or view in this report. Click here to enter the text.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.