Sindha ' s Industry Perspective > This Week: Focusing on engineering machinery related to “stable growth”, turn-over equipment plates, better-resilient lithium electrical equipment plates 1) Engineering Machinery: According to IAEM data, the volume of excavators sold in March was 44,278 units, an increase of 16 per cent, with domestic sales.
(b) With regard to the demand for the Korean brand market, which was equal to 11.6 per cent in 2018, the Government's report of 2019 indicated that the railway investment of $800 billion, the road and water transport investment of $1.8 trillion would be completed throughout the year, and major water projects would be started; and that the construction of the Kawasaki railway would be accelerated and inter-city transport, logistics, municipalities, disaster prevention and management would be increased.
With investment in infrastructure such as general aviation, the capital investment outlook is expected to ensure that the volume of engineering machinery is kept high. Former chief economists have accepted the steady annual growth-related policies of the media and are expected to improve continuously on a high basis in 2018. It is recommended that attention be paid to the first three-time domestic excavators (600031.sh), the second-line pioneers (000528.sz), the high-altitude platform Dragon Dynasty (603338.sh), the core parts of the engineering machinery.
Supply of vendor constant hydraulic fluids (60110.sh), Eddie precision (603638.sh); large-scale rail transfer equipment recommended attention to the medium- and iron industry (600528.sh), the Chinese-Chinese vehicle [excellently pushed] as a product of the industry, gathering policy forwards, (60176.sh)
Market hot spots, industry depths, etc., have an important reference value for investors seeking absolute returns. 2) Lithium electric equipment: In the lead-up period, fear of lower than expected discounts in the new energy-subsidization sector has led to price-cutting pressures in the new energy industry, we believe, on the one hand, to consider Ning.
In the German era, and in the first half of 2018, there was a continuing trend towards the expansion of the production of large lithium batteries such as Biade, which was a more definitive rise in lithium electricity in 2019 and 2020, with the ability to produce lithium electric equipment, with each industry covered by a relatively tight position and with less pressure on the price reduction; moreover, unlike in 2017 and the first half of 2018, as a result of the continuous shuffling of cards in the lithium equipment industry, the tap-head lithium power supply was reduced.
Although the lithium battery industry still faces a pattern of structural excess capacity, the surplus is mainly due to backward low-end capacity, high-end output, and a tracking point, with reasons given if stock changes are proposed. The demand is still there, and the market for and the size of the high-quality lithium power plant continues to rise rapidly with the shuffling of the lithium battery industry.
For the next three months, we have the best idea, and I'm going to have a multi-dimensional and more resilient lead intelligence (300450.sz), a full-line tap to win the technology (300457.sz) and a coating equipment tap to win the shares (300340.sz).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
China Air Photovoltaics (002179.sz) (2019-04-12 rounded $39.03) shows a steady increase in performance, looking at the growth in corporate profits in 2019. Companies achieved $7,816 million in operating income in 2018, an increase of 22.86 per cent over the previous year; net return to the mother was realized.
954 million yuan, an increase of 15.56 per cent over the same period. The combined Māori ratio during the reporting period was 32.56 per cent, a decrease of 2.48 pct compared to the same period in the previous year, owing to a slight increase in the low Māori share of communications, new energy vehicles, industrial equipment, etc.
In 2019, the company will continue to focus on the connectivity area, extending vertically along the industrial chain, focusing on the promotion of civil full-use expansion projects and increasing the development of the space market. Follow-up on deep-sea equipment construction, domestic and international interconnection of new energy vehicles, 5g, orbital transport markets, opening up high-end consumer electronics markets, and we see company profits growing in 2019.
In 2018, the cost of R & D increased rapidly from 31.22% to 8.49%. The share of R & D personnel increased from 19.92% to 23.01%, or 3.11 pct. During the reporting period, companies applied for more than 300 patents, high-speed high-plug-life printing board connectors, interplating wireless transmission technology, etc., to break foreign monopolies and create autonomous intellectual property rights; anti-nuclear electromagnetic pulse connection technologies.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic cooperation with key clients, and secured comprehensive safeguards.
In addition, the company promoted the establishment of a German branch to enter the supply chain of international first-class cars; in the area of 5g, it strengthened its cooperation with China and won the title of a global gold medal supplier.
China’s PV has insisted on developing new dynamic energy through stock change and incremental rise, doubling revenues in the areas of oil, medical care, and new energy equipment, and increasing sales and receipts in the industrial equipment sector by more than 50% on a year-on-year basis. Maintain the “buy-in” rating of PV in China.
Risk factors: The new type of R & D is not as advanced as expected; the company is not expanding to higher-end interconnections. Researches include: the continuous acceleration of performance growth, deepening of civil-military integration. 2018.10.26; the marked recovery of performance in the second quarter, deepening of civil-military integration.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.