Performance exceeded expectations, looking at high year-round growth
The net profit of the division's shareholders is $233 million (+39.14 per cent), which is attributed to the shareholders of the listed company, net of non-recurrent market expectations, mainly due to the lower base of last quarter, the higher revenue this year from communications, new energy vehicles and military-industrial operations, as well as the fact that last December was due to a number of sub-lines.
The contract, which was compressed after the completion of the year’s objectives, was released centrally in the first quarter of this year, resulting in an increase in revenue. The main reason for this was that the profits increase matched the income growth and the market expectations in the first quarter was that, firstly, the transferable costs were not as high as the market had previously expected, and the financial costs increased by less than 7 million, mainly because the market had expected them to do so.
Second, the R&D cost control system is better, growing by 23.50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, less rapidly than operating income and higher operating costs, and third,
The increase in management costs associated with the significant payments of salaries and bonuses by R & D staff was 32.72 per cent in the first quarter of the year compared with the previous year, a marginal improvement from 32.56 per cent in the previous year, and a decline from 35.09 per cent in the first quarter of the previous year, mainly due to or as a consequence of the structure of the company ' s products.
The ratio of Māori to Māori in the first quarter of 2019 was greater than the full year of 2018 but less than the first quarter of 2018, looking forward to what we consider to be low Māori in terms of the rate of increase or decline in Māori by season throughout the year, while Māori to Māori at high interest rates is expected to remain stable.
Looking ahead, we expect a growth rate of more than 20 per cent in corporate revenue to be expected throughout the year, while net profit increases are faster or faster than the growth rate due to changes in product structure.
2. Recognition of Good Revenues, Four Quarters of Military Merit or Upgrade - Three Quarterly Review of PV (002179).
3. PV in China (002179), PV in China 4. PV in China (002179), Research Brief: Towards High-end Areas, Towards System Integration 2018-01-23
Eung Heung's Stock Exchange Review (002179): Super-expected performance and high year-round growth.
Short-term policy digestion has a very high configuration value. On December 20, last year, it was reported that the authorities were adjusting the catalogue of permits for the production of weapons and equipment, and that the scope of the licences would be reduced. We believe that the impact of taxes is neutral, compared to the ability to transfer, and that the core is of good quality for class II, III, and IV. We believe that even if some of the products are selected in the future, they will be of good quality.
The catalogue of military exemptions also has little impact on companies’ profits; first, value-added taxes are not necessarily levied on products that do not fall within the scope of the catalogue. In addition to solid catalogues of permits, products that meet the tax-exempt conditions for military goods can also be reported and implemented.
Third, the country’s future or foster electronic components are self-controlled, if indeed products are removed from the catalogue of military exemptions, accompanied by supportive policies. We believe that previous stock prices overstate the pessimistic expectations of value-added tax events, and that stock prices have an extremely high allocation value.
The liberalization of the catalogue is aimed at introducing private firms to compete in the market, and the fact that the winner-takes-all situation in the industry will continue. In 2015, the catalogue of permits for the production of weapons and equipment was adjusted to 755 new versions of the catalogue compared to 1988 in 2005.
The company has innovative genes that can create new demand (new market) for its customers, such as making products more technologically difficult (interrupting electromagnetic interference, electrically capable connections to more advanced military aircraft) to expand applications or promote one.
Second, in the context of military pricing reforms, smaller approximators are annexed. When a military pricing reform is in place, the mainframe plant or supplier at the upstream electronic element level will be priced, while smaller appliance manufacturers will not be able to reduce their costs too much because they do not have economies of scale and choice for suppliers.
Companies are expected to increase their market share through the annexation of smaller auxiliaries. We believe that the company, as a leading industry company, is still expected to gain military goods by increasing its market share over the next three years, with a relatively high share of new products at less risk of price reduction, and we believe that, in conjunction with the implementation of compensatory orders and the build-up of orders in the 13th and 5th years, contracts and revenues in 2018 are still expected to increase steadily and faster.
We see that in 2019 the sub-industry of aviation, ships, weapons, etc. continued to grow at a high rate, while the electronic sub-industry may have more compensatory orders. At the same time, we believe that companies have a stronger genes for innovation in military goods, with a higher share of new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and a higher Maori rate), and a higher rate of future downstream product release is expected to remain high.
The delivery of arms and equipment has been slower than expected, the impact of VAT has been higher, and the impact of military pricing reform has been higher than expected.
East Hing's Stock Exchange Review (002179); Midair Light (002179); Performance over-expected; high year-round growth.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Click here to enter text. My company has no assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained. We have tried to report on the content objectively and fairly, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.