Incident 1: On April 18, 2022, the Eastern Rainbow released " Annual Report 2021 " , 2021, the Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz)
The company achieved business income of 51.7 billion yuan, an increase of 53.48 per cent in the same year; a net return of 4.5 billion yuan to the mother, while in the first quarter of the year it achieved business income of 13.773 billion yuan, an increase of 23.58 per cent and an increase of 10.65 per cent in the ring; a net return of 688 million yuan, a decrease of 53.72 per cent and a growth of 9.73 per cent in the ring;
The impact of the fall in the stock of cumulative crude oil and the rise in the prices of raw materials up the company ' s industrial chain was $70.94 per barrel in 2021, an increase of 63.8 per cent in Brent crude oil, and strong end-of-end prices for petrochemicals. Demand-side benefits from a sustained global recovery from the epidemic, and price of petrochemical products.
First Cover Report: Continuous Growth of the kernels, Continued Increases, Increased Price Disparities of Products, Significant Increases of 53% and 493% in Corporate Collections and Profit Ratios.
In 2021, the market price for the fumigation of silk was 2021.05.25 and 13%. The market price difference for the company’s main new material product, eva, acrylate (no) is annual.
See, the main contributors to the company ' s performance areeva, acrylic acetylene and dty, with the Māori ratio increasing too fast at the cost of 2021.07.11 and the 2201 company ' s performance pressure, respectively. The Brent crude oil was on average in the first quarter of 2022.
Setup 2021.08.25 The price is $97.79 per barrel, a 60% increase over the same period.
The Division’s operating costs increased by 41% from the same year to 54% from the same year’s net profit. Poy, Fody, dty’s first quarter averaged 1110, 1379 and 2476 tons, respectively, down from the same year’s average processing price difference of 9160 for the first quarter of the market for the main new material productseva and acrylate.
800 yuan per ton, a 7.71% increase, a 75.08% decline, a 23.83% decline in the ring, and a “drop of oil to a silk” is about to materialize.
The bottom-up extension of the product chain and the top-down business direction of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., with the following polyester fibres starting with cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Point, to the mid-stream pta, to petrochemical, refining, and gradually laying out the structure for the integrated development of the entire industrial chain: “Boil refining-px/ethanol, House No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, pta-polyester-optics”.
In the petrochemical plate, the company has two major players: i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i., i., i.e.e.e., i.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e., i., i., i., i.e.e.e.e.e.e.e.e.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e., i.e.e.e.e., i., i., i., i.e.e.e., i., i.e., i., i., i., i., i., i., i.e.e., i., i., i., i.e., i.e.e.e.e.e., i.e.e., i., i.e.e.e.e.e.e.e.e.e.e., i.
Tons/year 2#ethanol and 40.25 million tonnes/year phenylphenol/propanone devices that effectively digest the production capacity of upstream aromatic hydrocarbons and aromatic hydrocarbons, while providing stable raw materials for downstream polyester fibre-optic lines.
The size of the posm device, 11.25 million tonnes/year ppg device, 25,000 tonnes/year pop installation, downstream product coverage in a wide range of areas such as automobiles, home appliances, building materials, further enrichment of product formation and diversification of performance growth, and a significant increase in the overall strength of the industrial chain. 2022q1, Company
Completion of the acquisition of 13.2861 per cent of the sheathing stock held by the Gangsuzu Spring Debt Surgery Investment Fund (limited partnership), which together held 99.9952 per cent of the company’s interest in the sheathing.In polyester plates, the company had 2.6 million tonnes of variable fibres per year by the end of the 2021 reporting period.
Productive capacity, with a major focus on high-end dty products, enhancing the high-value-added attributes and profitability of products.
On April 19, 2022, the company announced the completion of the cumulative net profit of $4.335 billion and the successful restructuring of the industry.
See, the company’s refining plate is a material security platform for the polyester fibre optics industry, and for the new materials industry. Without major refining projects and accompanying projects, companies will earn more profits in a more integrated and diversified industrial chain.
Srbon's infusion was successfully completed, and the company's development added another wing. On December 31st, 2021, Srb was completed, and the company held 100% of Srb's shares directly, with full access to the refined chemical industry tons/year (in methanol) and, as of the first quarter of 2022, Srb had 780,000 tonnes/year c/year.
On April 25, 2022, the company ' s 700,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration (pdh) device succeeded in a single drive, the total acrylic capacity increased to 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the pdh device became operational.
This means that companies can complement the advantages of methanol-based acetylene and glycerine-based acetylene in the acquisition of acetylene raw materials, allowing flexibility to adjust mto and pdh devices to market conditions for methanol and propane, further reducing efficiency gains. The propane industry chain is still moving.
Construction, including 260,000 tons of acrylic, 180,000 tons of mma and 210,000 tons of sar. Upon completion of the construction of the production chain project for the production of the pre-propane industry, Srbon will have 1.04 million tons/year of acrylic acrylic capacity.
In addition, Srbang is building a project to build an eo-enhanced capacity of 100,000 tons of degradable plastics project, based on acrylic and ethylene, which expands down into higher value-added products and boosts its own profits.
In recent years, the scale of application in the photovoltaic industry has grown rapidly, and in the photovoltaic industry it is mainly used for the production of solar-powered gels. With new breakthroughs in the technology in the photovoltaic industry, the cost of photovoltaic power will be high.
As domestic and foreign markets actively promote carbon neutrality, future demand for photo-voltaic film will continue to grow, becoming a major source of demand downstream. Currently, low-end and high-end products in the country are relatively well supplied.
There is still a significant shortfall in the supply of goods. Photovoltaic material lifts up high-endeva demand, but the overseas epidemic affects high-endeva imports. In 2021, the average market price for the year was $17,873 per ton, a 63% increase over the same period.
Trends: by the beginning of May 2022, the market price for the eva had reached $25,000 per tonne. Since the country still has time to build a new eva site, the demand-driven eva will benefit the eva PVL, and Srbonne, as one of the PVeva production poles, will have priority benefits.
On 19 April 2022, the company proposed to issue green bonds of no more than $3 billion for a period of no more than three years, in the form of fixed interest rates. More than 70% of the net collection of this bond is to be used for the annual production of Jiangsure State Technology Ltd.
Construction, operation, acquisition or repayment of loans for green projects such as the 250,000-ton regenerative and functional scrubbing long wires and ancillary ballistics project, “2-year production of 250,000-ton regenerative and functional longlines by Jiang Souri State Technology Limited”, and the remaining fund-raising
Business development in the field of green industry. \triangleright Srbon petrochemical injections have significantly increased the value of the company, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company.
Risk factors: risk of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices; inability to produce as much as expected; unprofitable polytriangleright fibres; risk of excess refining capacity; “carbon neutral” policy versus rock
In 2017, the Institute joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is mainly responsible for research on the price of crude oil, oil fields, oil processing, refining polyesters, etc., and investment assessment for the petrochemical projects of the China Corporation for the Management of the Assets of Sindh.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.