In the East, the Great Refinery Project was launched, with a sustained growth of $4,544 million in new materials, which was the highest record performance in the first quarter of 2022.
Srbon has completed the injection, and the new materials have performed well. Srbonne has successfully completed the recapitalization injection, and the main business of the Department has expanded to the high-value-added HCFO derivatives area, increasing polychemicals and new energy materials chemicals. Srb has achieved business income of $17.893 billion in 2021, with net profits of $3.776 billion,
Net interest rates are as high as 21.1%, with acrylic acrylic acrylic and avalanche as representative products of new materials, making a very good profit. Acrylic acrylic acrylic revenues of $6,874 million a year, an increase of 87.82% over the year, with a Māori rate of 31.47%, plus tons of new material products such as mma, sar, bdo, acrylicide, pbat, etc.
Cost increases add weak demand and short-term pressure on polyester operations. The company's net return in the first quarter of 2022 fell by 53.72% on a year-on-year basis. As a leader in the polyester fibre optics industry, the company has traditionally enjoyed greater market influence and profitability in high-end dty products.
Oil prices go up, fuel costs continue to rise, and are also subject to the effects of the epidemic, economic growth slows down, end consumption is low, polyester products are less expensive than in the same period last year, polyester plates are profitable, and polyester operations are expected to be marginal in the future as the epidemic improves and demand resumes.
The industrial matrix of “Smelting polyesters New Materials” is ready for launch. According to the information released by the company on 27th, the National Development Commission agreed in principle to the subsidiary's 2022 rainbow refining.
With 15.8 million tons of imported crude oil and 16 million tons of crude oil since 2023, the company plans to complete the refining operations in three quarters.
The industry matrix is expected to work fast, leading to a significant increase in business performance. Given the impending launch of the Rainbow Refinement Project, and taking into account the short-term pressure of polyester operations, companies are expected to have a historically low valuation, and they still value the company’s new material projects as they continue to grow and maintain “buy”
(a) The failure of the refining integration project to produce as expected; the volatility of crude oil prices; and the substantial economic downturn;
East Rainbow: Project Refinement is about to come into operation, waiting for Glowingeva Asset Injection, 20211026 S.S.I.S.A.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Petroleum petrochemicals: refining and trade