Net profits increased by 9 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the second quarter of the single quarter, new orders, new capabilities, new products that continue to break through new vehicle-type projects (Question/Access/Intelligent/Krypton, etc.) and corporate revenue went beyond the automobile industry.
In 2024, a complete restructuring of the client structure was achieved (from the German solar system to the main-owned brand and new energy customers) and a new growth cycle has been introduced. The front lights have continued to be upgraded from led-adb-dlp, and the average price of the lamp products has been raised.
There's room for product upgrading, and industry prices are rising every year. Before 2024, 903/1770/3458/36/51 million lights, small lights, triangulation signs, controller sales, respectively, changed the same scale of globalization, with new orders, new productions, new products breaking.
In terms of capacity, the company, the Serbian star production, has been gradually released, registering the creation of the Mexican and American stars, and further improving the overseas layout. On August 20, 2025, the Star is a smart car.
The electronics and visual systems industry centre and the Benn Base project are officially launched, and the full post-natal phase of the project will result in the production of a total of about 10 million smart car lamps per year. On the product side, the company holds the share of Stars (601799.sh) - a 33% increase in net profits for the first quarter of the year.
A succession of smart prelights and systems based on dlp, microlled and related sensory integration technologies, Star Shares (601799.sh) — net profit for four quarters alone increased by 34 per cent on a year-on-year basis, headlights based on pixel display interactive lamps based on miniled, uned and related control technologies, based on innovative materials
Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - Net profit increase of 22 per cent over the same period in the single quarter, smart digital grids for customer and surface processors, carlight drives and controllers, Starwoo shares (601799.sh) - second quarter harvests of historic highs, full customer structure
hcm/rcm/lcu/ldm and the sense integrated car lights self-closed loop systems, carlights and mobile aesthetics and intelligence interfaces. 23 April 2025, Stars, Eurometallurgical semiconductors and crystallizers.
Formally sign a strategic cooperation agreement to jointly develop an ivision light. Investment proposal: below profit forecast, maintaining a better rating than the big market. Consider downstream client output fluctuations, sustained growth plus downstream new vehicle-type project exposure (Quest/Hide/Intelligent/Krypton, etc.), corporate revenue performance
More than 0.20 pct (+10.64% by car) in the automobile industry. In summary, Starwoo has experienced client transition pains in 2021-2023, and in 2024 has achieved a complete restructuring of the client structure (from German-based and other joint-venture clients, mainly - autonomous brands and new energy clients) and has entered a full new growth cycle.
Figure 1: Share income and growth rate of the same year, Figure 2: Share income of the same quarter and increase of the same year, Figure 3: Net profit of the share of the same stock and increase of the same year
Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase of the same year for the single-quarter share of the stock of the star, figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate for the share of the stock of the star, figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for the single-quarter share of the stock of the star
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of the four S.A. shares, Figure 8: Changes in the cost of the four S.I.S. shares in the quarter, Overall, 20202, increases in the sales of stock clients, additions to the new force multipliers, increases in corporate revenue
The company collects more than 0.20 pct from the automobile industry. According to Sino-Associación and company officials microdata, the output of 2025q2, Chiríl production, the output of the public (including Audi), the output of one gas Toyota, the production of a red flag, the desired output, the volume of delivery, the output of East Wind, and the output of Hiroshima Toyota, respectively, vary.
At the end of the industry, the technology trend is towards digitisation and intelligence. As the auto industry moves towards electricization and intelligence, car lamps move towards intelligent wave and bottom technology rotations.
Smart visual systems evolve. Smart visual systems include, inter alia, the front-light system, the tail-light system and the internal and external car-cam system. Major technological upgrades are directed to intelligence and interactivity, through the integration of electronic hardware and software algorithms for more intelligent experience and emotional value. For the front-light system, the adb front-lights, the hd-adb front-lights are boosted.
Increased driving safety and marked improvements in the safety and experience of drivers and road traffic participants; dlp projecting prelights provide drivers and road traffic participants with a wealth of more intelligent experiences and scene interactions. On the taillight system, dynamic digital taillights include, but are not limited to, cross-cutting and display functions, taking into account beauty.
In addition, there is a marked improvement in road safety early warning and information exchange. With regard to the internal and external car-lighting system, the new product focuses more on intelligent and emotional communication, creating a more humane and emotional atmosphere both inside and outside the vehicle, helping to regulate the mental state of drivers and passengers, and improving the sense of traffic participants.
With a steady shift toward intelligence and individualization, car manufacturers and consumers are increasingly focusing on the beauty and brand recognition that car lights bring to the vehicle, and car lights are increasingly becoming an important influence on consumer car-type choices. On the small light side, the internal atmosphere is becoming a new point of growth because of consumer-specific demands.
At the same time, with regard to the internal and external car-lighting system, the new product is more intelligent and emotional, creating a more humane and emotional atmosphere inside and outside the vehicle, which helps to regulate the mental state of drivers and passengers and to promote traffic participants.
Figure 11: The history of the development of car lamps Figure 12: The technological upgrading of vehicle front lights Company end, product dimension enhancement of new technology development applications, customer dimensions continuously increasing the opening of new energy vehicle-type projects
Product dimensions, companies strengthening the development and application of new technologies, and through industrial chain synergies (Rink Soft Horizon, on the one hand, companies enhancing the development and application of new technologies, building integrated suppliers of perception, lighting, display, projection and control integrated systems, including but not limited to: 1) based on dlp, microled and related knowledge integration technologies
(c) Innovative research and development of intelligent digital grids based on innovative materials and surface processing processes;
Development and application of the self-closing loop system; 5) development of scenes where car lamps and mobile aesthetics and intelligence interact with each other
On 16 February 2022, Changzhou Starlight Ltd. and Hua Tsang Ltd. held a signing ceremony in Dong Yong, China, to sign a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-car operations. According to the agreement, the two sides will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
On the afternoon of December 18th, 2024, Star-Seam and Hua-Tech Ltd. held a signing ceremony for their partner, and he joined the Smart-Car-Solution Partnership.
We believe that dlp projector lamps are both an opportunity and a challenge for traditional car-light companies, that industrial chains are particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry, and that the stars, in conjunction with companies such as upstream chips, soft algorithms, and based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic design advantages, are expected to be able to pre-empt production.
On September 25, 2023, at China’s fall-out launch, China became a smart car solution director.
The Director-General announced that aito asked the flag ship suv model m9 was on the market in December 2023, and described the supplier's provision of a complete pre- and post-stage light for the m9 independently developed by the company's autonomous multipixadb system, which could be controlled simultaneously with the millions of level dlp modules developed jointly by China.
On April 16th, 2025, the Quaker-M8 family's Wisdom flagship, suv, was officially launched, and its "first generation of smart lights" ranged from being a light controller for the brain to being an executor with a front-and-end light set up by the Star.
The Pixel adb system, developed autonomously by the Star, in conjunction with the Chinese million pixel smart module solution system, achieves accurate adb functionality for forward vehicles, while supporting intelligent dynamic photo blankets, vpd parking lights, games, and super-junct high-resolution projection, which greatly enhances the user's experience with cars.
Exploitation version #9 was officially released, and #9 is the first administrative class of the limousine flag sedan under the flag of the new energy source of Hong Ming and North, with an innovative front-lighting system built by Starryon shares.
Figure 19: Combination lights after m9: Figure 21: Encounters s9 front lights, Shanghai Car Show Field, 23 April 2025, duly signed by Starwoo shares, Eurometallurgical semiconductors and crystallizers
A comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement between the three parties will create a deep collaboration around the “Ecology of the All-Autonomous Industrial Chain” and will jointly develop an ivision light. Star-woo shares secure the head of the industry with deep sedimentation and vertical integration, Euromel semiconductor drives industrial innovation with advanced car chip-wide technology and cutting-edge chip programmes, crystallizing photovoltaics.
Innovative light sources redefine the boundaries of car lighting. The three parties have reached a strategic cooperation agreement that integrates the top and bottom of the industrial chain and creates a complete autonomous chain of industry that will help to enhance the core competitiveness of the Chinese automobile lighting chain. The Ivision light product is a central highlight of this cooperation. It integrates the three parties in their respective fields.
Technology advantages, full breakthroughs in technology indicators such as global adb long-light, home-closing algorithms, home-grown supply chains, hyper-angled, super-highness, super-multipixel, industry performance, integration of the first global traffic lights, special Soc and first-country microlled light chips, from algorithmic closures to optical upgrades for each.
All of the beams highlight the voice of indigenous technology. Figure 22: A full strategic depth of collaboration between Star and Eurometallurgical and crystallized energy, with high-quality new projects that provide a strong guarantee for the company’s future.
In the first half of 2025, the company took over 52 new vehicle-type R & D projects from various clients, resulting in 37 vehicle-type project batches; some of the projects generated high interest in the market and demonstrated the company’s combined strength as a leading provider of light solutions.
In the first half of 2022, companies accounted for about 40% of new energy vehicle projects, and quality new projects provided strong guarantees for the company’s future development. Currently, the company’s clients cover the public in Germany, the general public, and the general public.
Into the Volkswagen, Daimler, Beijing Benz, BMW, General Motors, Uttar Pradesh, Japan Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Hiroshima, Japanese Japanese Japanese, Shigeki, Hiromoto, Dong Feng Honda, One Red Flag, Jili, Chiri, Idea, Uri, Peng, Cyrus and some other country.
On 2 July 2024, the 2024 Mass Automobile Group Providers' Congress was inaugurated in Wolfsburg, Germany, with the highest honour awarded by the Public Motors Group for its share, the Volkswagen Group Award (volkswagengroup).
As a partner with the Mass Motors Group for 25 years, the Star team has been fully committed to ensuring the quality and delivery of its products. The award is a tribute to the high quality of the service that Starwoo provides to the Mass Motors Group, as well as a full recognition of the company's domestic and Serbian factories, and an incentive for Starwood to accelerate the globalisation of its operations.
On September 20, 20, 20, 2024, with the theme “Forwards, Ups, Ups, Ups”, the partnership meeting was held in Hefu City, Anhui Province. Starwoo shares were invited to the meeting, and for the second year in a row, they were awarded 2024 dollars of high quality.
The partnership award (nqpp). The partnership of excellence (nqpp) is the first full-scale quality assessment award for a partnership in the new energy automobile industry and the highest recognition of a partner as the most important award to a partner every year.
On October 14th, 2024, the Global Partnership Conference of the Visioned Cars was held at the U-Bing Hotel in Changzhou, where representatives of government and related companies from both countries and abroad came together to talk about development and two-way empowerment.
"The Best Supply Award", 9 January 2025, with the theme of "Kiju State of Kyushu, Smart to Win the Future", the Year of Car Commerce will be re-opened in Lake Anhui, with the share of Starwoo invited to participate, and the highest award awarded by Chiri's car.
On January 20, 2025, with the theme “Riving to the New Way”, the Partners Conference was re-opened in Jiangsu Salt City. Starwoo shares were invited to the meeting and won an annual high prize in the run-up to the Year.
“The New Penten-Kimong Prize.” Figure 23: Star-woo shares won the Mass Motors Award, and Figure 24: Only 10 vendors from the world won the award.
Figure 25: Starwoo's share won the Chiri Car “Good Vendors Award” Figure 26: Starwoo's share won the ideal car “Best Supply Award” for productivity, companies promoted the global layout and expanded overseas markets.
At present, the company ' s sung-woo capacity is gradually released, working with its headquarters to host the client globalization project, which provides a good basis for the company to expand its overseas market.
The project is now being launched. This new project of the Smart Automobile Electronics and Visual Systems Industry Centre will build six main plants with a total building space of about 250,000 square metres. The full postnatal project will produce a total of about 10 million smart car lamps per year, significantly raising the company’s digital, intelligent manufacturing levels, and will be effective.
In addition, companies are deeply engaged in digital change. Companies are continuing to deepen the digital transformation of “product R & D integration, supply chain integration, industrial and financial integration, and intelligent manufacturing integration” to create high quality, efficiency, and efficiency.