On August 25, long-power technology released its mid-2023 report. The company picked up H1 in 2023.
12,173 million yuan, or 21.94 per cent more than the previous year; net profit of 496 million yuan in return for maternity, or 67.89 per cent less than the same year; short-term pressure on 23h1 performance, with a recovery trend already evident.
In the second half of the year, we expect to see a continuous change in industry climate and corporate profitability, and in terms of the structure of the business, the top-heavy company Starcomb has performed relatively well in the first half of the year.
In 2023, H1 earned $805 million, a decrease of 15.44 per cent compared to the previous year; while the main-power type of encapsulation was long, the research assistant Zhang Man Rain, plus the code car electronics business, expanded the new capacity. In 2023, H1's car electronics collection continued at a rapid rate.
\triangleright grew by 130% in the same year. In April 2023, Long Electric Technology and Shanghai Hong Kong formed a joint venture, reporting in depth at 1. Long Electric Technology (600584.sh): advanced seals.
The new section of the free trade pilot zone in Shanghai has set up a storage base for the manufacture of car chip products, which continues to be deployed in the electronics sector. The company is now in the car senses, smart cabins, adas, car power products, all of which are in a layout, producing millimetre wave radar and laser radar products in optical envelopes, and making wire-lined products.
hpc needs a lot, 2.5d/3d wrapping technology matures. hpc applications have increased by 2.5d, \triangleright
3d cover needs, long power accumulated over more than 10 years of experience in large fcbga containment testing, widely recognized by clients, full-sized fcbga product engineering and volume capacity, and 2.5dfcbga products based on high-density fan out containment technology, certified to match 3dsoc via tsv heterogeneity keys
fcbga products. The company ' s chiplet technology is also maturing, with an international client ' s 4nm node of multichip envelopes loaded up to 1,500 mm2. Continued investment in advanced containment technology is expected to help.
\triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, presents the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.