– Long-power technology (600584.sh) event evaluation report  performance ring repair, sustained focus on high-performance containment technology, high-addition, fast-growing automobile electronics, 5g communications, high-performance devices, fast-growing market demand.
High-value-added markets, such as computing, storage, with a sustained focus on high-performance containment technology high-additional applications, further enhances core competitiveness.
Sub-industrial and medical electronics/car electronics ratio Corporate market share stable, semiconductor advanced seal market growth 1, Long Electricity Technology (600584); q2 performance
The space is wide, the ring is growing fast, accelerating the layout of the Chiplet, based on the Global Commission 2022 released by the Chipinsights.
Product 2023-07-15 (OSat) seal, with long-range electricity technology estimated at 33.8 billion yuan, ranked third among the top ten osat manufacturers in the world, and first on mainland China. From the market in the last five years,
According to the rankings, leading industry firms account for a major share, with the top three Osat manufacturers still controlling the half-walls, with the city accounting for nearly 52 per cent of the total. Global semiconductor sales in the second quarter of 2023 amounted to $124.5 billion, a decrease of 17.3 per cent, compared with 17.3 per cent.
In the first half of 2023, the Americas, Japan, and Asia and the Pacific saw a regional increase of 4.2 per cent. The global semiconductor industry grew over the long term as demand for new applications such as high performance calculations, large data storage, motor power, etc. continued to grow.
The fundamentals remain stable, and wsts expect global semiconductor industries to grow the same way in 2024. The semiconductor industry has a certain cyclicality in terms of the historical development of the global semiconductor industry.
In the 5g telecommunications application market, companies have accumulated more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment tests, widely recognized by their clients, from 12 x 12 mm to 12 mm.
77.5 x 77.5 mm full-scale fcbga product engineering and mass production capability. In the 5g mobile terminal area, the company ' s deep layout high-density isomer integrated sip solution, coupled with multiple international and domestic clients completing the development and volume of several 5g RF modules.
In the area of automobile electronics, the public sector product type has covered a number of applications such as smart cabins, smart network connections, adas, sensors and power devices; the company has joined the international aec Automobile Electronics Commission.
In the semiconductor storage market, the company’s sealing services cover a variety of storage cores, such as dram, flash, etc.
The product, 16 layers of Nandflash stack, 35m ultra thin chip production capacity, hybrid heterogeneous stacks, etc. are in the lead in the domestic industry. In the area of the ai-industrial intelligence/iot network, the company has the full range of solutions; the company country has the full range of solutions.
Inner plants cover most of the generic envelope testing types and some of the high-end containment types in the encapsulation industry: the Jiangming area meets the one-stop service of customers from middle-way sealing to system integration and testing.
Long-term growth in performance, driven by recovery and accelerated substitution of national production, maintains a “buy-in” investment rating.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Luzhoyang, a Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, has been in Fangzheng Seok with four years of experience, reflecting my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, either for, or on account of, specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.