q2 performance loops are growing rapidly, accelerating the layout of the chiplet product — Long Electric Technology (600584.sh) incident assessment report; Long Electric Technology released its semi-annual performance reduction report for 2023, first half of 2023.
The growth of the 2302 performance ring has been rapid and cost controls have offset the adverse effects Weaknesses, the semiconductor industry is in a downward cycle, resulting in lower demand from domestic and foreign customers, lower orders, lower capacity utilization and lower profits; and firm rigidity.
The company is the world's leading integrated circuit manufacturing and technology service provider.
The company manufactures one-stop service from the chip product. The company uses high-intensity crystal circle level wlp, 2.5d/3d, system-level (sip) containment technology and high-performance fluip cip and lead-line containment technology, long-electric technology products, services and technology content.
Mainstream integrated circuit system applications, including network communications, mobile terminals, high performance computing, vehicle electronics, big data storage, artificial intelligence and object networking, industrial intelligence, etc.
At the same time, companies continue to push for product structural optimization by actively and flexibly adjusting order structures and output layouts, accelerating the rapid growth of demand from consumer to market.
Strategic layout of high-value-added markets such as car electronics, 5g communications, high-performance computing, storage, etc., with continued focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies.
In order to respond positively and effectively to market changes, long-range electricity and technology continued to invest in high-performance, advanced containment technology and high-performance computing for automobiles, industrial electronics and high-performance, with R & D costs of 0.98 per cent in the first quarter of 2023, compared to the same period.
Growth of 0.70 pct. The company focuses on the development of a chiplet microchip solution, plp panel-level wrapping practical technology, and a new generation of power devices, such as silicon carbide and nitrous thorium.
In addition, the company has set up an industry and intelligence department with more robust development prospects in the non-car sector and in the future.
In applications such as intelligence, the creation of mechanisms for product development and market extension with intelligent solutions at its core, and the further expansion of the platforming of plant engineering technology development and diffusion.
The company is actively promoting the automation of production lines and intelligent manufacturing, the Korean factory industry has completed the construction of 4.0 new smart plants and the first line of smart manufacturing has been deactivated.
Automated storage system for the vaginal plant sip (system-grade chip encapsulation) has landed, and a series of automated production and technological upgrades have been made at the ramp plant. The finer, more specialized tubes have been upgraded through increased digitalization and capacity-building in automated production management.
But we believe that the semiconductor industry is expected to recover in the second half of the year, and look at corporate pluralism.
The layout of the product was first covered, with a “buy-in” rating.
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.