In the tourism industry, tax-free plates are expanded and the rate of deductions is returned to reasonable space.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average. Cooperation agreement was signed between the Group and Guangzhou Baiyun Airport for the operation of the exit duty-free shop project at Terminal II, from 1 February 2018 to 31 January 2026.
The decision to obtain the right to operate an exit shop at the White Cloud airport (t2) in accordance with the requirements of the tax exemption policy is justified by the deduction rate and the amount of guaranteed sales, in accordance with the Decree on the further strengthening of the centralization of tax-exempt operations issued by the Ministry of Finance, the National Tourism Administration, the Customs Administration and the National Tax Administration on 1 January 2000
The relevant provisions of the Act expressly provide for the establishment of duty-free branches, duty-free shops and diplomatic duty-free shops at ports of entry and exit, upon application by the General Corporation of China for Tax-Free Goods (GECO). The Ministry of Finance, together with the General Customs Administration, the General State Tax Administration and the National Tourism Administration, has strict control over the approval and approval of customs and local governments.
Granted. According to the exit shop policy, the exemption group is the only tax-exempter with the right to operate. In the absence of a competition 1. China Travel Tracking Report - a pilot cross-border power provider model, the competitive bid rate of 35 per cent is more reasonable than the sales of the base.
201.9.18 Reasonable prices of exit duty-free shops reverse the loss of entry duty-free shops, increase company performance, and exit.
Tax-exempt shops can create synergies: the competitive price of duty-free hotels in China is running at a loss due to the relatively high proportion of competition and the relatively high level of guaranteed sales, and the reasonable price of exit shops can compensate for the entry.
Tax-exempt shops. The tax-free sales at White Cloud Airport in 2018/2019 / 2020 are estimated at $18.12.2286.2515 million, respectively. 1) Sales forecast: sales at 2018e/2019e-2020e duty-free shops, as a proportion of the size of the entrance and exit stores.
4. " China National Travel Company " , the winning position of the capital airport, valued at approximately 356.446.490 million yuan, and the sale of exit duty-free shops, respectively, is about . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The tax-exempt contribution from White Cloud Airport in 2018e/2019e-2020 was approximately –0.055/079/139 million yuan. All of the tax-exempt rights at White Cloud Airport are vested in the Middle and Middle Group, and the scale effect highlights: from 2018 to 2020, the performance contribution was relatively low due to the increase in the percentage of duty-free shops in the country and the high level of sales at the bottom.
(a) Increase in the Māori ratio: Shizuku (8621) 60933978
The airport is expected to become operational in February 2018 with a relatively large tax-free space based on passenger traffic from the White Clouds and the Pilgrims, with some assurance at the end of the demand, and an overall increase in the size of the procurement by the Middle and Free Group.
2) Price advantage and consumption reflow trends will improve the small size of the former White Cloud Airport: the 100 m2 of the exit shop at White Cloud Airport T1 will be duty-free, with sales of about $300 million, smaller relative to Beijing and Shanghai, and at the same level as the third largest international hub in the country.
Part of this is due to the dilution of the duty-free requirements of the White Cloud Airport in Macao, the gradual erosion of the market price advantage in Macao and the increase in the Maori rate, which will greatly attract visitors and visitors for consumption.
The location of the t2 exit shop at White Cloud Airport enhances the market's confidence in China's travel, but there are some differences in the interpretation of the incident at Shanghai Expatriation Shop, where the Sino-China Group has been granted eight years of authority to operate the t2 exit shop at White Cloud Airport, mainly because of the protection of tax-free policies, but it cannot simply be assumed that Shanghai airport will be policy-oriented.
The exemption group is the only country authorized by the State Council to operate tax-exempt operations throughout the country, with specialized companies, and the size and resource advantages of tax-exempt ventures determine the degree of concentration of the market, which is undoubtedly the biggest beneficiary. But the tax-exempt market is still a limited competitive market, today.
The tax-free concession for Shanghai Airport will expire in March 2018, and duty-free operators such as China, Japan and the Philippines will be eligible to participate in competitive bidding, while the results of the Shanghai Airport competition will require rational thinking and treatment in the light of the price of the capital airport.
• The company will benefit from the growth in the endogenous performance of the Tria Sea Bay tax-free shop, the increase in the Maori rate, and the arrival of the tax-free shop in the city: 1) The performance of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop will improve: the Sanya tourism market will continue to improve, due to its environmental advantages and the efficiency of the market.
The facility will be concentrated in 2017-2019, and the improvement of recreational facilities in the Bay area will increase the number of duty-free shops. (2) Increase in the Maori rate: the company has won competitions at various airports (the Capital Airport, Hong Kong Airport, White Cloud Airport, etc.) and in-country shops (Kun Ming, Guangzhou, Qingjia, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi).
Tax-free shop ownership, and the increase in the size of the procurement to increase the Māori rate. At the same time, participation in the day can improve the procurement channels of the public sector, which is affected by differences in the Māori grade, and the rate of tax-free business is expected to rise from 45% to 55% over the next three years.
The opening of five municipal tax-free shops in China, Dalian, Qingdao and Xiaomeng is expected to continue the three-year tax-free shop business model. Given the absolute bargaining power of the airport under the airport’s business model, the opening of an intra-city tax-free shop can become a new performance growth point, while at the same time capturing tourists from abroad and the interior.
Tourists abroad are in line with domestic consumption-promoting policy trends.  Without taking into account the increased performance of the tax-exempt shops at Guangzhou and Hong Kong airports, it is currently calculated that the excessive percentage of the airport has led to a drop in net interest rates:
(a) The policy landscape is not conducive to corporate development;
▪ Monthly transactional transfer fees up to and including 31 July 2018 = monthly actual sales* after 1 August 2018 (including 1 August) = percentage raised 35 per cent *max [monthly base sales ($32.92 million) and monthly actual sales],
The annual increase in the monthly base sales = 6 per cent for max [previous year ' s base sales * 6 per cent, (previous year ' s average monthly sales - prior year ' s base sales * 20 per cent].
In accordance with the requirements of the tax-exempt policy, the regulations issued on the further strengthening of the centralized management of tax-exempt operations clearly provide for the establishment of tax-exempt sub-contracts, tax-exempt shops and diplomatic-exempt shops at ports of entry and exit.
At the request of the General Corporation, the Ministry of Finance, in conjunction with the General Customs Administration, the National Tax Administration, the National Travel Service and the local customs and local governments, has no right to approve.
At the same time, 35% of the drop-off rate and the guaranteed sales are more than reasonable. To compensate for the high rate of the exit and exit duty-free shops, there is a synergy between the entry price at Bai Yun Airport, which opened in March 2017, and the sale of 707 million yuan at the bottom of the t1+t2 warranty.
The high rate of increase is more stressful than the 45% tax-free Mäori rate for the Middle East Group.
Co-operation, marketing and service efficiency will greatly improve and avoid the vicious competition of different tax-exempt operators in the same area. 1.3 The White Cloud Airport tax-free shop is fully tendered, thereby enhancing corporate performance.
(a) Tax-free area: White Cloud Airport is expected to be operational in February 2018, and currently t1 is out of the country.
The shops and entry stores are free of charge, of which t1 exit stores have an area of 1,000 square metres and no more than $300 million in duty-free sales. t2 exit shops have an area of 4544 square metres and an area of 1,100 square metres after they become operational. 2) Visitors ' reception data: 2016, passengers at Baiyun Airport, Guangzhou
Ten thousand) and 19.3% increase from 2015) The size of the tax exemption is measured: White Cloud Airport is the third largest international hub in the country, but the size of the tax exemption varies considerably from the capital airport and Shanghai airport. The capital airport has 32 million passengers entering and leaving the country, and Pudong airport has 3,299 million.
Due to the nature of the airport itself, there are about $4,427 million worth of duty-free exit and exit stores at the capital airport, $6 billion at the Pudong airport, and less than $300 million at the White Cloud airport. From the angle of the area, there are 1,000 square metres of exit shops at the White Cloud airport and 12,600 square metres at the capital airport.
The size of the tax exemption is about $300 million and $4 billion, respectively, and the ratio of the tax-free area to the sales is broadly consistent. For example, the effect of the capital airport is assumed to be a 10% annual increase in the tax-free sales of the capital airport, while the White Cloud airport was launched in 2018 (t2 in February) and duty-free sales in 2019-2020.
The fair price of the White Cloud Airport exit duty-free shop reversed the loss of the entry duty-free shop and increased the company's performance: t2 went into the operation of the pre-departure shop and the entrance shop in the area of 1,000 square metres and 300 square metres, respectively.
The price of a bid at an entry store is lower than the price at which the exit shop will be reasonably priced to compensate for the loss at the entry store. The specific financial estimates are as follows:
Inbound shops: The sales of duty-free stores are estimated at approximately $356/446/490 million for 2018e/2019e-2020e in proportion to the size of the entry and exit stores, and about $14.56/1841.2025 million for the exit duty-free stores respectively.)
Tax-exempt shops are able to compensate for losses in entry stores, thereby increasing corporate performance, with the projected tax-exempt contribution of 2018e/2019e-2020e Airport estimated at -0.005/079/139 million, further release of the neutral scale effect, and an expected increase in the Māori rate
The effect of the scale of the tax-exempt operation at White Cloud Airport, which is fully vested in the Middle East Group, is to highlight the relatively low performance contribution from 2018 to 2020 due to the increase in the percentage of duty-free shops and the high level of sales at the bottom, which will be driven in the future by several factors: 1) Māori increase: White Cloud Airport is expected to take place in February 2018
The relatively large tax-free area of the operational t2 terminal, based on the passenger flow from White Cloud Airport, is assured at the demand side that the overall increase in procurement by the Middle and Free Group will lead to an increase in the Māori ratio. (2) Price advantage and consumption return trends will improve the previously small scale of tax-exempting at White Cloud Airport:
The 100-m2 duty-free sale of the 100-m2 exit shop at White Cloud Airport is about 300 million yuan, smaller than in Beijing and Shanghai, which is not compatible with the country’s third largest international hub platform. This is partly due to the dilution of the duty-free requirements at White Cloud Airport in Macao, Hong Kong, and with Macao, Hong Kong.
The region’s declining price advantage and the price bargaining power associated with the increase in the Māori rate will draw heavily on incoming and outgoing tourists for consumption. The location of the T2 exit shop at White Cloud Airport enhances the market’s confidence in China’s travels, but in China’s capital.
The tender for Sea Airport still needs to be seen rationally: we differ from the market's interpretation of the incident at the White Cloud Airport t2 exit shop, which was awarded 8 years of authority to White Cloud Airport t2 exit shop, mainly because of tax-exempt protection, but cannot simply be assumed that Shanghai airport would have it.
The tax-exempt group is the only State-owned corporation authorized by the State Council to operate tax-exempt operations throughout the country, and the scale and resource advantages of the tax-exempt operation determine the increasing concentration of the market, which is undoubtedly the largest beneficiary. But the tax-exempt market is still a limited competition market.
In March 2018, the tax-free concession for Shanghai Airport, currently operated by Japan, will be eligible for competitive bidding by duty-free operators such as China Free, Japan Free and Deeply Exempted, and the result of the Shanghai Airport bid will require rational reflection and treatment.
The company will benefit from the growth in the endogenous performance of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop, the increase in the Maori rate, and the landing of the City's tax-free shop: 1) The performance of the Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop will improve: the Sanya tourism market will continue to improve as a result of environmental advantages and market consolidation.
Recreational facilities will be concentrated in 2017-2019, and improvements in recreational facilities in the Bay area will increase the number of duty-free shops. (2) Increase in the Maori rate: companies competed for several airports (the Capital Airport, Hong Kong Airport, White Cloud Airport, etc.) and duty-free entry stores (Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Cheng).
Urumqi’s tax-free shop rights, and the increase in the size of the procurement to increase the Māori rate. At the same time, participation in stock market days can improve the company’s procurement channels, influenced by differences in the Māori class ratio, which is expected to rise from 45 to 55 per cent over the next three years.
The China-China tax-exempt group has licence plates for five municipal duty-free shops in Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, Qingjiang, and Xiaomeng. The opening of an intra-city tax-free shop is expected to continue the model of the Sanya tax-free shop.
The ability to capture tourists from abroad, as well as those from the interior, is consistent with domestic consumption-promoting policy trends. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.