## On October 27, the Chinese National Brigade issued a tri-quarter report for 2017, and the first three quarters of 2017 recorded a total revenue of US dollars.
In the previous three quarters, the company earned + 26.14 per cent of its business income and +10.54 per cent of its net profit), while with the effect of scale, it earned + 1.07 per cent of its business profit.
□ With regard to airport duty-free shops, on the evening of 9 October, White Cloud Airport announcement signed a cooperation agreement with the China-China exemption company for the operation of the exit duty-free shop for an eight-year period, with the company's projected tax-free sales for the duration of the agreement amounting to 3,614 million yuan, compared to historical data and sales data from the capital airport, which is expected to be in effect at White Cloud Airport t2 exit duty-free.
International sales will be far above expectations. At the same time, the company has been successful in winning six of Kunming, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Nanjing, Chengdu, Urumqi and has been granted tax-free operations in the international isolation zone of the Capital Airports t2 and t3 and Hong Kong Airports.
In addition, Shanghai Airport is expected to be tendered in the first quarter of 2018, with a high probability of winning, and given the experience of China, China and Japan in winning the capital airport, this Shanghai Airport tender concludes with the travel agency's operation, which has just passed the 11th and Mid-Autumn “Super Holidays” to host tourists on a domestic tour.
+21.03 +21. +21. +21. +21. +21.0 +. +. +20. With the benefits of the booming and upscaling driven by the overall performance of the domestic tourism market, the subsidiary country travels to the upper-middle-end tourism market, where domestic tourism operations are expected to move away from weak growth and steadily improve performance.
□ The Tria Sea Bay Shopping Centre, whose operating income accounts for the company’s tax-free commodity income, is steadily moving forward as the current project, which is strongly supplemented by the shopping centre, is expected to be structured and capped in the course of the year, and the business process is on schedule.
On the 30th anniversary of the province, Hainan is expected to have a good policy of cross-cutting growth in the number of visitors, and it is to be expected that the tax-exempt performance of the company will rise. □ The company’s tax-exempt business is growing faster, and its medium- and long-term size advantages are expected to expand further, giving it
At the level of the value, we “recommend” to the Chinese National Brigades. Put it, Japan is showing a significant increase in tax-exempt income.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.