I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ Asia china reauters ♪
♪ Bloomberg consumer shh ♪
It's not like I'm going to have to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I don't know, it's stillatapreliminary stageof cooperation. Webelieveseyfactorhereiswhoherconcesionairate paidtoshanghaiairportswillbeashighisthosaitingairport.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, awaretthefirstmayaveaconffectortheobjectivityofthismreport.investors should consult thisreportsystemsingleactive.discussionsandanalytestifications worldwideappendix1.mci(p) 083/04/2017. Thecontentmaynettedthepeople's
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Reuters: 60188.ss Bloomberg: 6018888cg companyprofile
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your help, and for your help, Mr. President, for your help.
I'm not sure what you're going to do, but I'm not sure what you're going to do, but I'm going to tell you.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the information, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but you're going to be able to do it, and you're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, hold failed suspending
Deutschebank buy, targetpricechhangecny65, 00talanzhou 07/03/2017
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
10/02/2017 buy, targetpricechangecny40, 00talanzhou buy, 605 targetpricechangecny, 00tallanzhou
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to be able to do it.
Quintyratingkey equityratratingdispersionandbankingrelationships present: basedonnacurrent12-monthviewoftoralshare-holder
Return (tr=percentagechangeinshareprircorent pricetoprojecedtargetpriceplus pro-jeceddividendyeld), shell: basedonacurrent12-monthviewoftalshare-hold
I'm sorry, werecommendtainvestorssellstock.hold:wetakeanutralviewstock12-montthsoutand, badthistemehrizon, donottrecommendeotherabuy
Newlymissedresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices supersededively publicizedresearch.
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"Deutschebank") ...though theinformationhereisbelievedtobereliableandsbeenobtainedbrompublicsours believedtobereliable, deutschebankmakesnorepreformatsacuracyorcompletences.hyperlinkstothird-partywebsitesinthisreportoredforderconvenionly.deutschebankneotherothersethershecontentnor
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschenconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofcustytisdiscussedinthis report, orisincludedortiscuscussedinothercommunition(oralorritten)fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, twoweeksandnomoresixmonths.
I'm sorry, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The deutschebankresearchedpartmentistindependentofotherbusinessdivisionsofthebank.detailsregarding oralarrangementsandinformationbarrieswehaveestablishedopvendandandavoidcontractsofinterestweth
If you want to be a part of it, you'll need to be able to use it for the next few days.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
, changement, reformation (incl.changesinassetssoldilimitsfordiffenttypesoinvestors), changementsintax policies, currenceconvertivability (whochmayconstraincurencyconversion, repatriationofprofitsand/orliquidationof scenarios), andextlementissuesrelatedtolocalclaringhousehousehousesrealsoportimportantrisfactors.thesensivityoffed--
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
Accessed the Website, pleasecontestyourdeutschekreprepresentiveforacopofthiimportportandocument. participantsinforeignexchangamentsmayincurrisisariseveralfacts, including: (i) exchangeratescan bevolatileandaresubjectoragelifications; (ii) thevalueofcurrencesmaybeaffeced bynumerousmarketfactors,
Including worldstateconomic, politicalandregularies, eventsinequityanddebtmarketsetsandchangesin interestrates; and (iii) currencesmaybesubject projectversionortion-imposedexchangecontrols, which would affect the valueofthecurrence. invectorsinsecuriuschasads,whosevaluesaffedthecurrenceofan
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not happening at all, it's not happening at all, it's not happening at all, it's not working at all, it's not working at all, it's not at all at all.
Sophisticated, hoarecapableofvevaluatingvementrissksindipendently, bothingenalandwith regardtoparticular transaactionsandirectivestrategies, andwhounderstandstanttdeutscheankantaininterestsintheofferof itsproductsandservices.ifthisnothecase, orifyouyouragentalaneaniorotherretalinveltorrevenvedorrevedithisitis
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, right?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Nos.: nse (capitalmarketsegment)-inb231196834, nse (f&osegment)Inf2316834, nse (currencydelivatives segment)ine2316834, bse (capitalmarketsegment) inb0116830; mechantbankerbEARingsedirectionation no.: inm100833 andresearchanalyschoolsiregistrationno: inh00001741.deiplhamayhavevedivedived.
Aministivewarnings Fromthesebiforbreachesofindianregulations.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliate(s)may havedebtholdingsorpositionsinthesubprojectcompany. withregardtoforformationsassociates, pleaserefertothe japan:approvedand/ortistebutedbydeutschecuritiesinc.(dsi).registrationnum-registerasafincial.
Instrumentsdealerbytheheadoftekanantolofintainmentbureau (kinsho)no.117.memberofassociations: jsda, type iifinncialinstrumentsFIrsassociationthefinanfuturesassassociationofjapan.commissionsandrissksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions, wechargescommmissionsandconsumptionsbymultiprintingthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Productsandservations.productsandservicescarrythesoriskostrosestoprincipal and otherlossasaresultofchangesinmarketketand/oreconomictrends, and/orflacturingsinmarketvalue.before decidingonthepurchaseoffinancianproductsand/orservices, customssould carefulreadshelevantdisclostures,
"Molody's", "standard&poor's", and "fitch"mentiedimenthisportarenot registeredtratingagencesinjapanlesjapanor" nippon"iscipicaldesignativedinthenameoftheity.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Southafrica: deutschebankagjohannesburgirgisincorporatedinthefederalrepublicicofgermany (branchregister numberinsouthafrica:1998/003298/10).
(onerafflesquay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +6564238001), whichmaycontainres permutation, orinconnectionwith,thisreport.whoethissuiedorpromulgaedbydeutsche bankinsingapotoapersonwhoisnostanacredidevevetor, expertinvestoorinstitutionalinvestor (asdefininedinthe)
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your cooperation with the United States of America and the United States of America for your cooperation with the United Nations.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayundertertakeonlythefinancialservicesactivivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofralicense.itspirincipalplaceofplaceofbusinessintheqfffc:qatarfinalcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyavailableontobusinesscustomers, asdefinedbythe qatarfinalregionalregularity.
russia: theinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontetextof, anddonotconstitute, any appraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseinthianfidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia:deutschecuritissaudialarbiallcompany (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
International financialcentre, the Gatevillage, building 5, Pobox 504902, dubai, u.a.e.theinformationhasbeen destruburedbydeutschebankag.relatedfinancianproductsorservicesrevalableonlytoprofessionalcents, as definedbythedubainanciancialeservicesanity.
Australia: retrailssoouldobtainacopyofa projectdiscussion (pds) relatingtoanninalproduce referredtointhisreportandconsidertheptsforenanydecisionofhethortoacquiretheproduceprodition.research-information.html
Australiaandnewzealand: this isresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesaleclients" with the meaningoftheaustralian coorporationsactivandnewzealandfinciancialdvisorsact, actively.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, Michael Spencer headofapacresearch globalchiefoperating officer.
♪ Headofamericasresearch grobalheadofeconomics research ♪
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
♪ daveclark pamfinelli globalheadof ♪
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
Internationalations deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. Filialehonggong 2-11-1 nagatacho InternationalCommercecentre.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it again, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do it again.
1 austinroadwest, kowloon, germany longkong
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.