The increase in the Māori rate resulted in higher than expected performance of the high net profit growth of q3 26.14 per cent as at 27 October 2017; net return profit of $1.908 billion, an increase of 30.62 per cent over the same period; net gain of net profit achieved
Wei Hongmei's Māori rate has risen and continues to perform well in the third quarter.
This is mainly due to the increase in rental costs resulting from the merger day tax exemption (China) Ltd., which boosted sales of s034016030094 by 3.45 percentage points to 11.38 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In addition to Japan’s top-down schedule, the third quarter’s high-performance expectations have largely benefited from a 53% increase in sales in the third quarter of the same year in Sanya tax-free shopping malls. With the expansion of tax-free operations, the increase in the Māori rate is expected.
The company's future tax-free sales are expected to grow rapidly, and the company is expected to do so in the next two to three years, after the year 2018, when it won the Heipoo East Airport tax-free business.
The increase in business size will increase the company’s bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers, thus increasing the Māori rate. The increase in the company’s Māori ratio is judged by reference to the world’s tax-exempt giant, dufry.
In 2007-2012, the size of the tax-exempt operation increased from $1.5 billion to $3 billion, and the Māori rate rose from 56% to 73%, an increase of 17 percentage points. And the company’s current expansion is driven by multiple advantages, and the Sanya tax-exempt city’s performance is expected to continue to be released.
The South Korean tourist market is expected to have an alternative effect: the synergies of the impending opening of Atlantis; the management's active engagement of external excellence will be mentioned; the efficiency of operations; and, in addition to the increased number of visitors to the travel agency, we expect the San Asia Free Shopping City.
In January 2017, tourists leaving the island by rail were included in the tax-free shopping area, and the tax-free off-island policy was eased again.
Keeping prudentially recommended ratings. Intra- and extraneous two-wheel drive, the company’s performance in the first three quarters was over-expected, which would reduce the willingness of residents to consume tax-free goods or cause force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters.
The rating system for securities investment: The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been independently and objectively present in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.