The company's subsidiary, the China Free Group, and Guangzhou White Cloud International Airport, Inc. signed an agreement to operate the exit duty-free shop project at Air Station Two.
According to the cooperation agreement, the exemption granted to the group was eight years, from 1 February 2018 to 31 January 2026, in the case of transfer fees.
From 1 February 2018 to 31 July 2018, the monthly royalties payable by the group were equal to the actual monthly sales multiplied by a percentage (35 per cent). From 1 August 2018 to 31 December 2018, the group was exempted from the monthly minimum operating rights transfer fee (as a percentage of the monthly bottom sales*) and the monthly actual sales deduction (as a proportion of the total actual sales*) from operating in Guangzhou.
After the year, the monthly turnover fee is increased annually, and the annual increase is higher: (1) (the average monthly sales in the previous year - the annual monthly base sales)* 20%; and (2) the previous month ' s base sales* 6%. The rate of deductions for the operating rights transfer agreed in this cooperation agreement is 35%, which is lower than the rates of 39% and 42% of the deductions in the middle- and middle-group cases of tax-free access to White Cloud Airport t1, t2 terminal buildings.
This time, with a relatively reasonable rate of deduction and guaranteed sales, the mission was granted the right to tax-exit duty-free operation of t2 White Cloud Airport, which helped it to form an association with duty-free entry, to have a scale effect and to prevent undesirable competition from entering and leaving the country by different tax-exempt operators, and to ease the pressure on the group to tax-exit duty-free access to White Cloud Airport.
In 2016, the number of passengers at Guangzhou Baiyun Airport increased by 8 per cent compared to 59.7 million in 2016; of those, 1,358 million international passengers did so, an increase of 19 per cent compared to 19 per cent. The t2 terminal at Baiyun Airport will be operational by early 2018.
The rapid growth in passenger traffic at Guangzhou White Cloud Airport, especially international passenger traffic, is a solid basis for companies to sell duty-free goods. In addition, the company’s six successive entry points for duty-free operations, the Hong Kong airport tobacco and alcohol section and the Beijing capital airport will significantly increase the scale of the company’s duty-free commodity operations since the beginning of the year.
By reducing the unit costs of commodity purchases, logistics, marketing, and so on, companies’ profitability will be enhanced. The company’s regional tax-free access to Guangzhou White Cloud Airport will strengthen its pre-existing leadership position.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.