China Travel (60188.sh) Integrated tourism industry with high growth of tax-free shops in Sanya, with significant internal improvements
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Business income of 20.745 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 26.14 per cent in the same year, operating income of 818 million yuan/+32 per cent in the third quarter, net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies
608 million yuan/+72%. Three quarters of the increase in innovation is high, with a 54% increase in performance after elimination: q1/q2/q3 performance increases on a monthly basis. Depending on the change in earnings and losses of a few shareholders and the day-to-day business performance of the first half of the year.
q2/q3 contributed RMB 52/064 million, respectively, and after eliminating the impact of the Japanese merger, the first three quarters of the industry 1.
In January-September, China's Travel Tracking Report - a pilot cross-border power vendor model was sold in the Gulf tax-free shop in the amount of RMB 1,159 million/+52.5 per cent and in the amount of RMB 4,329 million in January-September.
The overall Māori rate and net interest rate of the company increased, and the results of the improved internal operations showed: 1) Māori rate. The increase in Māori rate over the previous year was mainly due to the low Māori rate of travel agency operations at II.4.
The overall Māori rate has been diluted by an increase in the income share during the three-quarter seasons. The growth in the overall Māori ratio of companies is mainly due to the combined effect of daytime and scale effects. 2) Net interest rate perspective: The first three quarters of the company: 5.
Net interest rate is 9.2 per cent/+0.3 per cent, of which the net interest rate of q1/q2/q3 is low, and the increase in net interest rate can exclude the effects of co-opting, corporate-scale effects and improvements in internal operations.
At the same time, high-end hotels and entertainment facilities will be located in the Bay area.
(8621), 60933978 2019 concentrated eruptions, and the improvement of recreational facilities in the Bay area will increase the number of duty-free shops.)
Increase in the Māori rate: The company has won free shop rights at several airports (Capital Airport, Hong Kong Airport, White Cloud Airport, etc.) to increase the size and increase the Māori rate.
The rate has risen from 45% to 55%. 3) The use of the tax-free shop license plate in the city: the exemption group has five intra-city tax-free shop licence plates in Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian, Qingdao and Qingjiang, and the opening of the intra-city tax-free shop is expected to continue the model of the tax-free shop in the city.
The opening of an intra-city tax-free shop could be a new performance growth point, while at the same time capturing tourists from abroad and from the Mainland, in line with domestic consumption-promoting policy trends.
(c) The increase in the Māori rate is not as high as expected
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.