The first three quarters saw a 30% increase in performance, tax-free dragon hair, and strong growth in China travel.
The three-quarterly financial statements of the China National Brigade (601888), the company published three-quarter reports in 2017: 20,745 million yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2017, representing an increase of 26.14 per cent in the same year; 30.12 per cent in the same year, attributable to the Public List; and 0.9772 yuan per share, representing a decrease of 34.69 per cent in the same year.
In the three quarters of 2017, the company achieved business income of $20,745 million, an increase of 26.14 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, and a net return to the mother of $1.908 billion, an increase of 30.62 per cent. Of this, $8,177 million, an increase of 32.26 per cent in the third quarter, and a net return to the mother of $608 million, an increase of 71.73 per cent in the same period.
On the one hand, the performance growth comes from Japan (China) and shows a significant increase in the second and third quarters; this year, the Sanya passenger currents recovered significantly (the end of the tour), resulting in an increase of 34.3% in tax-free sales from Hainan Island in January-September, which led to an increase in the performance of the Bay. The Golden Bay sales for the Golden Week were $189 million, an increase of 38%, adding to the new trend of winter tourists fleeing the cold in the south, which is expected to be maintained in the fourth quarter of the Bay and throughout the year.
Sales rates, administrative costs and financial costs increased by 3.45 pct, 0.61 pct lower and 0.38 pc lower respectively, with administrative costs increasing.
Successive winnings contributed to the growth in scale, short-term bidding for Shanghai Airport, long-term observation of Hainan Tourist Island + Cross-border power provider + Māori increase \triangleright free of successive winnings Hong Kong (about 2.2 billion sales), Beijing (about 4.4 billion) and Guangzhou (about 1.5 billion) multi-field airport tax-free shops in 2017
Increasing the size of sales and industry, with the winning Hong Kong airport cigarette and wine tags as a key step in the internationalization process. The short-term focus is on tax-free bidding for Shanghai Dong and Rainbow Bridge airports (expired in March 2018). The long-term perspective is: 1 Hainan is approaching the thirtieth anniversary of the construction of the province, the Hainan Master Plan has been approved, the construction of the Hainan Tourism Island is about to accelerate, the offshore tax-free policy is expected to be further liberalized, and the flow of passengers in Bay is expected to increase.
I; exemption from the introduction of self-employed cross-border electric power providers “back-purchase” in mid-September 2207, which is the same procurement channel as the entity duty-free shops, sold at duty-free prices, and more positive + price advantages, covering more maritime users on a duty-free basis; 3 international tax-free champion dufry, which is expected to increase in size by increasing procurement bargaining power and optimizing procurement channels, leading to an increase in the Māori ratio.
As a policy leader in the domestic tax-exempt industry, it will maximize the benefits of the growth of domestic consumption capacity and the government’s tendency to promote the return of consumption abroad. The acquisition of high and high ground airports is the starting point of a long-term, short-term, multi-catalytic road to avoid future growth.
Master ' s degree in accounting for Eastern financial and intellectual booms. In 2008, the acceding countries became involved in research in agriculture and food and beverages, in 2011 in Anshin securities, in food and beverages, in 2013 in East Hing securities, in food and beverages, and in nine years in food and beverages.
The research assistant's introduction to Karen Zhang's study in the field of drinking tourism.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.