Corporate clients are well represented, derivatives and new business such as ficc continue to hold the vanguard of domestic bond dealers, with many business indicators ranked first in the industry. In 2017, companies continued to maintain the vanguard of domestic bond dealers, with both revenue and net profits.
First in the industry. In the breakdown of the operations, the share in the portfolio was 22,982 million yuan, with a market share of 12.29 per cent, and ranked first in the industry; bond in the portfolio with a financing voucher balance of 71 billion yuan, with a market share of 6.92 per cent, and ranked first in the industry.
First, the overall scale of sales of interest-rate products remains the highest. Quick growth in self-employment, with Māori contributions reaching 22.45%, and in the course of the year, we used “Investment gains + fair value changes - joint venture gains”
By calibre, the real contribution of the company's own business, amounting to $12.7 billion, was significantly reduced to $4,918 million, while the fair value of the financial assets held during the same year was significantly changing; most of it was attributed to the “other” line managed by the company.
Brokering declined at a much higher level than industry, actively transforming into wealth management. $8.014 billion in 2017 in corporate securities brokerage fees and commission revenues was achieved through a strategy of “Increased capacity for integrated services, transition to wealth management”
Step-by-step implementation, with 703.2 billion yuan in 2017, a significant increase of 179.38 per cent over the same period, and 1.05 million new clients, a decline for the first time since the expected performance contribution of future operations.
The share of income from divisional operations (consolidated summer fund) was 17.50 per cent, compared with the structural development of the investment bank ' s operations during the same period last year, a decline in the size of equity financing and a significant increase in the volume of bond financing.
34.74 per cent; in M & As transactions involving financial consultants to complete a share of significant asset restructuring transactions, the company is second in the middle in the volume of transactions in which the company is involved; and the rapid development of operations such as derivatives and ficc has brought about new developments in the company’s follow-up growth.
By the end of 2017, the company's derivative financial assets of $5.9 billion, with the same growth as the 50etf options, were in the lead of the market on a continuous basis.
(b) Investment in new business lines such as structured products (credits, interest rates and foreign exchange products) will be a top priority, along with the development of buy-back transactions, high-yield non-China debt and Gulf co-ops.
State-owned debt trading business for the Commission. We believe that companies have a strong competitive edge in derivatives such as equity and ficc operations, and that the expectations raised by cdr during the year are strong, and the company is expected to gain a faster growth momentum in these new operations.
Profit forecasting: entering a “deleveraging” complex business environment in 2018, the company as a whole is still growing robustly, and Sino-Mother Company has been able to harvest in January-February 2018 with normal rhythms and pre-conditions for the rapid development of company derivatives and ficc operations
A decline in the share of business performance management; underdevelopment of new business such as derivatives and ficc; tight regulation of the securities sector, etc. Pan Yongla: Master of Finance, Xiamen University, nine years of experience in securities research, joined the Department for Securities Research and Development in China in September 2017, with major research and follow-up
The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. The accuracy and completeness of interest is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is not consistent with the views expressed.
The information, opinions, etc., does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in the present report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, with regard to finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc.
You will not accept any of the consequences of using or relying on this report.