All-line industry leads, overseas affiliates are ready to issue, and SCM securities are reported in 2017.
On the evening of 22 March, the Chinese Portfolio issued its annual report for 2017, where the company achieved business income of $43,291 million, an increase of 13.92 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of $11,433 million, an increase of 10.30 per cent; and the basic per share return of $0.94 per good-performing industry with a positive growth in self-employment and credit-led performance.
\triangleright ' s overall performance grew by more than 1 per cent over the industry in 2017, mainly due to: 1) high performance in some operations; 54.6 per cent growth in self-employed operations on a year-on-year basis; 66.2 per cent increase in net interest on equity pledge operations on a year-on-year basis; and 66.2 per cent increase in other industries on a year-on-year basis.
Revenue from bulk merchandise trade of $8.127 billion, an increase of 100.1 per cent over the same period; 2) a decline in revenue from brokerage, investment and industry operations compared to the same year, but lower than that of the same industry, due to market environmental impacts; 3) an increase of $2.147 billion in other combined proceeds, an increase of 76.9 per cent.
Self-employed businesses outperform 30%, improve performance elasticity, improve company future performance elasticity.
\triangleright The size of equity underwriting, the size of debt underwriting, and the size of domestic M & As restructuring transactions rank first in the industry; The stock-based trading and the stock balance market share have been rising steadily since the capital management initiative.
Innovation, early deployment of overseas operations. It is expected to be a bright spot for the future. Thanks to the early layout of off-site derivatives, companies ranked 1st in 2017 at Shanghai Clearing House on the scale of off-site derivatives trading.
In terms of offshore operations, the consolidation and restructuring of international operations was completed in 2017, performance has improved, net profits from SSI among subsidiaries have increased from 158 million yuan last year to 588 million yuan, and in 2018 the focus will be on the development of offshore ventures, ficc,pe operations, which are expected to strengthen and diversify the profit base.
At the same time, we believe that the layout of international operations will enhance the ability of firms to broker capital between domestic and foreign markets, and help companies to run cdr operations, which are sound, with lines of business firmly ahead of the industry, looking at the company’s future overseas subsidiaries,
Lead industry, with steady growth in escort performance, ipo excesses below expectations; overseas business development below expectations.
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, was a member of the Economic Research Institute and the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, which was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.