Performance is better than industry as a whole, and the leader is strong, and the business development review: the company as a whole is clearly better than the industry as a whole.
The commission rate has declined slightly, and the brokerage revenue has outperformed the industry as a whole.
In 2017, domestic bond market financing declined overall, and securities company bonds were sold on a comparable scale.
Sliding. The company ' s bond cover in 2017 was 51,1628 million yuan, an increase of 34.74 per cent over the same year, and the company ' s bond cover was ranked first in terms of both the amount of the bond and the bill of contribution. The company ' s shareholdings were valued at $22,982 million, with the principal undertaking and the unit ranked first. In addition, the company completed a share.
Significant asset restructuring transactions rank first in the industry. Thanks to the negative growth in the size of corporate bond cover, corporate investment income fell by only 18.24% over the same period, clearly stronger than industry as a whole, and corporate management business declined but remained a leader in 2017.
The decline in the size of the operations is mainly due to the industry as a whole, which is still in the forefront. Overseas operations grew faster.
Completion of business integration and rapid development, increased market share in most lines of business and a better international market environment have led to faster growth of firms' overseas operations.
The market size and income size of a number of operations, such as credit operations, remain at the forefront, with a stronger position. In addition, stronger corporate institutional services capacity is expected to benefit fully from the rapidly growing environment of institutional investors, and companies have a more comprehensive and competitive overseas business layout.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes, and I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude, independent and objective presence.
This report is presented to the extent that you are aware of it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.