Business leads, escort performance is growing steadily - CCM fast-tracked performance 2017 Summary evaluation report/non-bank finance
On 24 January, a fast-track report was issued on Sino-Kin securities, yielding 43,292 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 13.92 per cent over the same period; a net return to the mother of 11,461 million yuan, an increase of 10.57 per cent over the same period; ps $0.95 per unit, a strong build-up over the same period last year.
\triangleright, based on monthly voucher sales data, collected 18.327 billion yuan in January-December by 24 comparable coupons in January-December, which is a marked improvement over the three-quarterly report, mainly as a result of: 1) the company ' s business lines are leading and stable:
2) Four-quarter swings led to higher performance, 49 per cent and 44 per cent, respectively, of the company ' s four-quarter round revenues and net gains. Self-employment was the highest, increasing company performance elasticity.
The company’s four-quarters performance was high, leading to year-round performance, and largely benefited from increased corporate revenue elasticity. According to the three-quarters report, the company’s own investment earnings in the previous three quarters were $6,578 million, an increase of 16.8% over the previous three quarters, and public self-employment was the first pillar of corporate revenue, significantly increasing corporate performance elasticity.
In the long run, the financial sector will move forward with the opening up of the financial sector, which will gradually improve the multi-layered capital markets within the financial system.
Construction, which has received a high priority in recent securities innovation, is off-the-shelf derivatives. According to the Securities Association’s exposure data, during the month of January-November, the accumulated value of SMS off-site trading was $99,028 million.
Business as a whole is on the front line, off-site innovation is placed early, and the company is expected to develop in the future.
With policy resources tilted, continued attention to non-monetary equity policy volatility is higher than expected: market volatility is higher than expected.
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, worked in the Economic Research Institute, the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, and was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.