Researchchand developmentcenter with electricity system growth and robust performance
The company is a very growth-oriented equipment-leading company. The company has been working on power equipment for 29 years, avoiding it.
Departure from the mine detector on-line, there is a steady diversification of the product categories, which now include the switch, the conglomerates (002028), the non-service compensation, the smart equipment, and the total electrical engineering package.
The company, which has become one of the leading companies in the industry, is now strengthening its power grid intelligence, transformers, overseas epc operations, deployment of its military storage capacity, automobiles, electronics, etc., to expand the growth point of its future growth. In financial terms, the company as a whole is strengthening its new business.
During the “145” period, in the context of the construction of new power systems, there was a significant increase in investment in the grid and demand for electricity and equipment. The demand for electricity continued to rise, leading to a rigid demand for grid construction. Short-term economic pressures highlighted the countercyclical regulatory role of grid investment, the infusion of two networks for better profits into investment power, electricity.
Investment in the grid is expected to grow significantly over the next five years, and we expect to invest 54.4 billion in 2022, or an average of 580 billion annually during the "14th Five-Year" period. Investing in the grid will drive demand for electricity equipment, and we expect investment in the grid to generate $11.4 billion in 2022.
The grid equipment sector is characterized by pyramid-type barriers, with the higher the voltage level, the higher the barriers. Together, the two are catalyzing.
Network equipment competition patterns, alpha from higher voltage products or new products for electric equipment companies can be classified as mature and growing, mature products have a greater competitive advantage and are expected to enjoy industry beta, and growing products have a wide market space and are expected to contribute.
Corporate alpha. Specifically: 1) Among mature products, a. Combination appliances have performance advantages that are consistent with the country's rationale for high-quality development, and are also the direction of the future switch class, which has a higher overall market concentration and a high level of competition.
It is clear that the share of the thought source is stable and one of the leading enterprises; b. Isolation switches, circuit breakers market regulations are steadily increasing as the power system evolves, the overall market is highly concentrated, and there is now a pattern of multi-faceted checks and balances, with the idea that the source is at the forefront; c. intersensors, electrical resistors in the transmission and distribution market are more competitive than in the distribution market
For concentration, Ideas lead the market share. 2) In growth-type products, a. Unworkable compensation devices follow the new energy installation landscape, and we expect the wind to be 100 million, with 28% cagr in 21-25 years; b. smart equipment is the focus of the reform of the new power system.
The areas covered are comprehensive, with relay protection and conversion station computer monitoring systems as one of the cores of smart equipment, with a clear advantage of the head enterprise, which is in the early stages of the start-up phase, and a larger share of the raise; c. Transmission transformer is the core of investment in the national network, with transmission transformer technology thresholds, accuracy
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd. has a high entry threshold, a high overall market concentration, a strong head business, and a firm acquisition.
In Beijing, the city’s west corner is located in the 9th building of the 9th courtyard of the city’s corner, where the Tshigen Tungji transformer Company Ltd. opens up the growth space. The overseas epc business expands the ceiling, storage power, and car electronics business into the blue sea market.
In the case of epc, the company created a subsidiary in 2009 and has now completed a process of zero to one in several overseas markets, gradually entering the harvest period. In the case of storage/car electronics, the department has established, invested, and actively placed storage and car markets to add to future growth.
Companies have a strong competitive edge. 1) Companies have strong performance management capabilities and development planning. Companies have high performance and order targets in the following year. 2) Companies maintain good relationships with high-quality customers. Companies are mainly bidding large firms for domestic power distribution, while actively expanding their overseas customers and working with the nuclear community.
Long-term strategic partnerships are formed with higher customer satisfaction. 3) Corporate technology industry leads the way. Companies have more patents, more research and development capabilities, many technologies are industry-led and continue to invest in new technologies. 4) Companies have high-quality management suppliers, and cost management capabilities are higher.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the company as a whole is expected to benefit from the growth of investment in new power systems, stock-price catalysts: the results of the national net investment winnings are published, data on the completion of the national network investment in the second half of the year are publicly available
1) National network investment booms, and companies benefit from the depth of one of the equipment poles. During the “14th Five-Fifteen” period, the steady increase in electricity use by the entire community has created a demand for grid investment. Short-term economic downturns have highlighted the countercyclical regulatory role of grid investment, two network improvements have injected investment power, grid investment will grow significantly in the future, and demand for electricity equipment will rise.
The pattern is clear, multiple checks and balances are the norm, corporate mature products such as high voltage switches, sensors, competitive advantages, and are expected to enjoy industry growth beta; growth products such as transformers, incompensators, and the wide market space in the industry, companies are expected to increase their market share and contribute to company alpha.
The company has now completed a process of zero to one in several overseas markets, gradually entering the harvest period, with the current high number of overseas orders and future growth in overseas industries. In storage/car electronics, the company has established, invested in, and actively placed in storage and automobiles.
Markets, adding future growth dynamics. First, the company is a growing, first-time equipment leader, and 1.1 has been working on electrical equipment for years, with a growing variety of products.
Founded the year, the first successful development of an online detector for a mine shield entered the electrical operation detection equipment industry. Subsequently, two products were developed in 1996 and 1998 for acres, recoupling and pressure-resistant testing systems, which enriched the company’s product variety and laid the foundation for its listing. In 2004, the company successfully entered the market in deep proximity and created a production capacitor in the same year.
The expansion of the product is continuing and, over the following 10 years, the company has continued to create new sub-divisions, product coverage interoperabilitys, capacitors, high voltage switches, relay protection and smart transformers, electrical resisters, transformers, non-service compensations, etc.
The company built up its research and development capabilities and became one of the leading companies in high-voltage equipment. The company was first founded at Shanghai Transport University, with a famous school gene, and then became an aid unit of the Shanghai High-voltage Electrical Engineering Research Centre in October 2007, and in 2011 the company’s products entered 1,000 kv voltage levels.
Top-notch equipment companies with high voltage grids. Shortboards, tau industries, companies are currently strengthening grid intelligence, transformers, overseas epc operations, deployment of military storage, vapour, sensory devices, and continuously refilling short plates such as transformers, secondary equipment: in the case of transformers, the company acquired them in 2018.
Lithgen Toshigi Volculators Ltd., Itodong Group background cut-in transformer area; Second equipment, Inc., 2014 investment in Shining Hiroshi Automated Company Ltd., layout relay protection and smart transformer power plant area, 2020 investment Shanghai Land Core Electronics Ltd. and Hangzhou Tianyan Clouds High Technology Ltd., enhanced transmission and distribution electrical, electrical and electrical power
In the field of grid intelligence, e.g., web-testing systems. 2) Overseas epc plates, company epc layouts in 2009, and qualification for external contracting in 2013, and successful delivery of the first overseas master-key engineering project in 2015 (the project for the 145kv conversion plant at the new international airport in Islamabad) have now begun to scale up. 3) The storage industry
In 2016, the company entered the chain of new energy vehicles, such as power-filled poles, and in 2018 established the Shanghai Motors Technology Company Ltd., which has been officially in the field of large-capacity storage and distributed power source products for more than 10 years.
Figure 1: Corporate development history. The company ' s main grid equipment products can be divided into two main categories: equipment once; equipment once into switches, coils, etc.; and equipment twice into non-functional compensation, smart equipment, testing, etc.
1) Switches include combined appliances, isolation switches and circuit breakers, where the isolation switches and breakers are both open switches (ais), while the combined appliances are closed switches (gis), consisting of circuit breakers, isolation switches, connectors, sensors, mine avoidance devices, parent wires, connectors and exit terminals, and are safe and convenient.
2) The coil products consist mainly of sensors, electroresistors and neutral point equipment, including current, voltage, cysts, gis, etc., which have the functions of electro-energy measurement, metrology, relay protection and temporary protection: the electroresistors include combined and combined resistors to block changes in the current.
The incompensation category includes svg and electric capacitors, where the company ' s svg products are primarily used to compensate for powerlessness in the circuits, balancing powerlessness, and the demand for svg will increase as the share of new energy rises. 4) Smart equipment is mainly for smart systems, including electrical conversion automation, video-aided surveillance, and corporate intelligence systems.
A coordinated platform can be formed for grid intelligence. 5) Test categories include oil chromatography and oil spectroscopy, etc., to monitor dissolved gases in transformer oils and thus perform failure judgement tests.
A firm has a clear division of business and is more efficient to manage. The company's different operations basically correspond to different subsidiaries, and more mature ones include Shanghai Xin high voltage switches (combined appliances), Jiangsu high voltage appliances (open switches), PV (electric resistors, neutral dot devices, oil chromatography, online monitoring systems), and Xin Xin Xin electrical electronics (non-compensation).
), condensed power capacitors (containers), Xi Hong Shwe power control (second-intelligent equipment) condensed power transmission and distribution projects (epc and export). In recent years, development-oriented operations have also been managed by different subsidiaries, such as storage operations, company design technology, Jiangsuth-source battery technology, battery manufacturing, electronic components, electromechanical power.
Research and development such as component equipment; in automobile business, the company invests in auto technology in Shanghai and undertakes auto electronics research and development. A subsidiary of the company specializes in its own areas, on the one hand, by increasing the efficiency of its research and development and, on the other, by improving its management 1.2 times, by introducing equity incentives, and on the other hand, the company is going to go up and down.
The company is owned by Mr. Tung Jinping and Mr. Chen Bangdong. The company is a private business. As of September 2022, Tung Tingping, Chen Bangdong, Yang Xiaoqiang, Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd. accounted for the first four, respectively 17.08%, 12.53%, 3.31%, and 2.87%. The capital market has a higher interest in the company, with five of the top 10 shareholders being investment funds, including the East Red Dong.
Three-year mixed portfolio investment funds (2.13 per cent), three-year blended portfolio investment funds with a smart and balanced value (1.92 per cent), business model opt-in mixed portfolio investment funds (lof) (1.54 per cent), new vision flexible configuration of regular open hybrid portfolio investment funds (1.51 per cent), flexible configuration of environmental themes
The founder of the company has a technical background and a high level of professionalism. Since its inception, Dong Yingping and Chen Bangdong, as founders of the company, have been in positions of thinking and electricity, in which he is responsible for all subsidiaries and Chen Bong Ding is responsible for the company ' s main business companies.
The board of directors has other corporate executive backgrounds, such as Mr. Wu, who is now the director of the Sino-Swiss Association for Creative Energy Ltd. in Shenzhen; Mr. Qin, who is also the director of the Shanghai Xinyang (semiconductor industry); and Mr. Yip, who is also the director of the Nanjing PV Ltd. (high-spectral imaging, image spectroscopy, etc.).
Table 2: Corporate board members and companies in charge of subsidiaries The company has implemented two stages of equity incentive schemes, with deep binding of corporate executives and core cadres. The first period of equity incentives in the company was introduced in 2013, with 17.3 million shares (3.93 per cent) awarded by the company, with a total of 391 persons in the range of incentives.
1.3 The company’s long-term growth and profitability The company’s overall performance is long-term. The company’s performance is related to the amount of investment in electricity grid equipment.
More, in 2021, the company ' s earnings from switches (the same year) were 46.2%, and the coils were 20.3%. 2.) epc and secondary equipment were the company ' s main development directions in recent years, increasing faster. Of these, the main subsidiaries of the equipment received in 2019, the epc business consisted of Xi-rays and Xi-Si-Si-Si-Si. The Xi-ray business income in 21 was 920 million, compared to the previous year.
Corporate profitability is high and net interest rates are stable overall. The overall Māori rate has been stable over the last five years, with a slight increase in the equity multiplier and total asset return starting in 2018, with overall stability, and an increase in profitability (net interest rate) leading to a gradual increase in net asset returns.
Business plate splitting shows an increase in the Māori rate for new company products and a stable Māori rate for older products. From a breakdown of the Māori rate, the Māori rate for high-pressure switches, coils, non-compensable products has fluctuated little over the past five years, the pic is in the development phase, there is a horizontal contrast, and the Māori rate for companies is higher than the industry average.
In terms of the Māori rate, companies are consistently above the industry average, at 30.48% in 2021, the company fee control capacity is gradually increasing, and the overall cost rate is decreasing from year to year. The overall cost rate of companies is on a downward trend, 2017.
Disaggregated rates show that companies focus on R & D costs and control other costs. Discrete the cost rates: marketing costs, management costs, financial costs, R & D costs. For the equipment manufacturing industry, R & D costs are important for the future development of the company. The R & D rates for companies have been higher than the industry average for almost five years, and the R & D rates for companies in 2021 were 6.40%, industry parity.
Figure 13: Cost of sales of Thought Electric and other companies in the same industry (%): Cost of management of Thought Electric and other companies in the same industry (%): Financial cost of Thought Electric and other companies in the same industry (%)
Figure 16: Rates of R & D costs (%) for Think-Source Electric and other companies in the same industry. National network investments are in the growth stage, companies enjoy a resonance of external and external demand from the industry Beta+Alpha 2.1, and investment in the “145” electricity grid has increased significantly
Investment in electricity is policy-cyclical, with a modest increase in investment. Investment in electricity is divided into investment in power sources and in grids, which are published by the national grid and the southern grid, with a planning and policy cycle of five years. Total investment in electricity during the “12” period was 3.9 trillion, compared to 3 per cent for the period 2010-2015; total investment in electricity during the “13” period was 44,000.
The 12th Five-Year Source Network, the 13th Five-Year Network, focuses on the grid. During the 12th Five-Year Plan, electricity investment went hand-in-hand with investment in the grid, totalling 1.9 trillion, with 0.05 per cent in five years, $2 trillion in five years and 5.9 per cent in five years. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, investment in the grid was 1.8 trillion and 2.6 trillion, respectively.
For 11.3 per cent and -0.36 per cent, the total investment in the grid exceeded the investment in electricity by $800 billion. In 10 years, investment in electricity was stable, but the structure of investment in electricity grids and power sources changed considerably, which we believe is due to the faster development of new energy sources in the early years, the untimely construction of new power systems and the stress of new energy sources, which led to a focus on grid investment in 2016-2018.
The drivers of grid development can be divided into external and internal factors. 1) The external factors are mainly the economic environment and the electricity supply and demand environment of the country: the electricity supply, load demand, national economy, social development, natural resources, etc. 2), which are inherent to the safety of the grid, its ability to operate in a stable manner, its ability to operate and its financial level.
In the long run, total investment in electricity is driven by electricity demand, and the entire community uses electricity to keep pace with economic growth.
The economic development of the country is closely linked, with the country growing at a rapid rate of nearly 10 years, with a real increase of over 6 per cent in the year 2020, except for the disease, which affected the country, and growth which led to a rapid increase in electricity use throughout society. In 2006, we spent 240 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity, while in 2021 we reached 830 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) and 15 years.
The cyclicality of the power elasticity coefficient is 8.6%. We believe that it is related to the economic cycle. In terms of the economic growth rate and the growth rate of electricity use across society, we can see a one-order difference between the positive and the negative direction of the two.
Power consumption and real economic growth rates are calculated with the power production elasticity coefficient and the power consumption elasticity coefficient, which can be observed with a clear cyclicality: 1) the location of the elasticity coefficient coincides with the period of economic decline, the Asian financial crisis of 1997/98, the global subprime mortgage crisis of 2008, the global economy recovering at the ice point of 2015 and our economy at the previous node.
The power elasticity coefficient is also at a low stage, with production elasticity 0.27, 0.60, 0.15, and electricity consumption bombs. According to our estimates, the entire population could use 1,010 million kilowatt-hours in 2025. Conservative estimates of electricity consumption in the 14th century are 9 trillion to 10 trillion kilowatt-hours per year.
In the short term, the economy is under pressure, and investment in the grid highlights its counter-cyclical regulatory role. Investment in electricity is in the capital category, playing a counter-cyclical role in economic development, the economy is in the lower cycle, and investment in electricity is higher in 2016.
In 2020, we promoted modern infrastructure networks and new infrastructure, respectively, so that investment in electricity grew faster in the short term and became more responsive to policy calls to promote economic recovery. (2) The two networks improved their profitability to promote investment in electricity.
In terms of internal factors, the two networks have a profit-level reaction to the incentive to invest in the grid. The grid and the grid are the main sources of investment in the grid, and the company’s subjective willingness to invest and its ability to invest is stronger when the company is in a better position to do so. During the “12-5” period, net profits from the net grid grew faster and reached a new high in 2016, with the electricity grid investing in the “12-5” period.
In December 2019, the national network and the Southern Net were affected by the epidemic, and the National Network issued a Circular on Further Strict Control of Investment, which stated that investment should be more focused on short-term benefits, investment costs, and that safe transport and stable electricity supply should be the main objective, and storage capacity-building should be considered for appropriate capacity-building.
Social power use continues to rise, leading to higher profits in the south of the country’s grid. During the “14th Five-Five” period, public electricity use has increased, and profits from the national grid and the south have improved, with net profits from the q3 network rising by 17.17% in 2022 and net profits from the south growing by 13.65%.
Figure 25: Net profits from the national grid (billion yuan) and the same ratio (%) Investment in the grid has entered a new phase of growth, with a combined investment of 2.9 trillion dollars during the “14th Five” period, an average of 580 billion dollars a year. On the external side, in the long run, the entire society has increased its electricity use as economic growth stabilizes, leading to higher electricity investment; in the short term,
See, the current downward pressure on our economy highlights the counter-cyclical role of electricity investment. Internal factors, the profitability of the national and southern networks, have increased the incentives for investment. Internal and external factors have resonanted, electricity investment has entered a new phase of growth, and we have been able to build grids with a focus on grid intelligence and super-pressure, and demand for related power equipment has increased.
In terms of investment, investment in the grid is focused on grid intelligence and super-high voltage. In terms of area coverage, the Southern Network is responsible for the five provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi, Yunnan, Guizhou and Hainan. The South Network is more focused on the ecological development of the regional grid, reaching $32 billion, or 48%.