Performance is expected to continue to enrich the fine “Chemical Plus” platform product lines, new (002001.sz) and to continue to refine the “Chemical Plus” platform through technology development and product innovation, maintaining the “buy-in” rating
The company issues a 2020 performance forecast: taking advantage of market opportunities to increase the volume of vitamins and protein-acid products, and throughout 2020 it is expected to realize a net return of 34.64 - 389.8 billion yuan (a new and continuously enriched “Chemical Plus” platform line of products compared to growth). At this point, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
• Short-term prices of va, ve, vc, etc., are improving and will continue to be supported in the medium to long term by the demand for pig supplementation. In the first half of 2020, the epidemic affected the start-up of production by global vitamin producers, increased supply and demand, and significantly increased the cost of vitamins; in the second half of 2020, reliance on pre-consumption stocks and the willingness of traders to purchase goods
In November 2020, with the gradual recovery of overseas demand and the impact of some of the overseas supply of plants, the volume of va and ve exports was significantly marginalized: in November, va and ve exports were increased by +9.17% and +23.22%, respectively.
The resonance of accidents, environmental protection, electricity restrictions, etc., has led to better prices for vitamins, v, vc. Vitamins. On the eve of Spring Day, Vitamin downstream users are nearing the end of their supplies, and we expect limited volatility in the prices of various vitamins in the short term; in the medium and long term, the pig-column logic will support the demand for feed and vitamins in the long run.
• Initial progress has been made on the third employee holding plan, which allows the best talent and contributors to share the growth results of the company.
The third stage of the employee holding programme - the total amount of funds at the time of its establishment was not more than $306 million, involving a stock accumulation of no more than 10% of the total share capital.
Effectively binds employees to corporate benefits, sharing the fruits of corporate growth among good people and contributors. Investing - 2020.10.15 Corporate performance is bright and dynamic -