New Sino (002001): The nutrition business is stable. New and productive. New and published Annual Report 2020: Companies have achieved business income of $10.314 billion, yoy+34.64 per cent for the year.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., was founded in 1999 and listed in June 2004 at the deep end, as the first company to be listed in the mid-point. The company is highly focused on fine chemical synthesis.
In 2020, there was a steady growth in nutrition operations. Operating income from nutrition operations increased by 51.93% from the same year, and technology accumulation, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate, increased the Māori rate by 8.65 ppt to 57.78% from the same year, mainly due to new production lines such as ammonium acid, biofermentation, etc.
With organic synthesis as a link, it has successfully expanded its operations into vitamins, fragrances, new materials, and pythonate, which is now the world’s four largest vitamin producers.
The company has been successful in starting from the pharmaceutical center, and has developed into an influential fragrance company that has expanded into vitamins, fragrances, new materials, egg amino acid. The company is now in the world.
One of the big vitamin production companies has developed into an influential fragrance firm, a competitively competitive condensed acid production firm, and a promising new material enterprise.
There is a deep understanding that the driving force for sustained growth is the integration and continuum of the industrial chain.
Fine spices, raw materials, food additives, biological fermentation products provide a serial supply of downstream feed, medicine, and food customers. New production can be built on a continuous basis and released in an orderly manner, helping companies to grow their nutritional operations.
The company will take full advantage of technological advantages to expand production capacity, improve product quality, enrich product lines, scale up nutrition operations, and continue to do a great deal of exclusive nutrients.
The river base has a large number of new projects, products including vitamins, protein acids, biofermentation projects, spices, new materials, etc., which will continue to increase in the supply of corporate products in the future.
To improve the competitiveness of products, 100,000 of the 250,000 tonnes per year of the second phase of the project were put into operation as scheduled, as was normal production, 150,000 tonnes were carried out as planned, and the overall process was manageable, marking another solid step towards the company ' s annual production of 300,000 tonnes of ecstasy, when the size of the company ' s capacity would become operational.
2 The Heilong River Biological Fermentation Project: the current biological fermentation project (phase I) has been successfully completed with the completion of production and production at full capacity, with products such as chlorophyll, pearol, HCNA series of high-ends with green food additives and nutrients. In addition, other projects are proceeding as planned and will be released in an orderly manner in the future.
A source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of new and new peace (002001): a steady growth in nutrition operations, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liu Woo-joo, who has been in the research department of China-King Corporation for seven years, has earned a number of honours during his career, including the first three As in the chemical industry on the crystal ball list in 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reported that the nutrition industry is growing steadily and that there is no guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the views, conclusions and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.