Discharge of the steady pump valves in the excavator, with 2024q2 performing above expectations \triangleright overseas markets growing steadily and exchange rates affecting current profits.
At the same time, \triangleright’s overall push for the expansion and layout of the overseas market has led to an 8.56% increase in operating income for 24h1, of which sales revenue for overseas is +15.29%. In addition, the company’s factory construction in Mexico is now in progress.
At the end of the day, the American market is expected to expand further. But the profit end is growing less rapidly than the income, mainly because the exchange earnings of companies have declined significantly over the same period. 24h1 lost $28 million in exchange, while 23h1 lost 167 million in exchange, and if the exchange losses are eliminated, the company's net profit of 24h1 is 1.316 billion yuan, the same amount.
Since the beginning of 2024, the \triangleright project, which has benefited from a trillion-dollar increase in the country’s debt, has begun, and market demand has stabilized. At the same time, large-scale equipment renewal policies have accelerated old “country one” policies.
The phase-out of “country two” equipment has stimulated some of the newer demand, and overall insider sales have shown a downward trend. In 24h1, except for the spring holidays in February, rain and snow, among other things, have led to the shutdown of most of the country’s construction sites, leading to a similar decline of nearly 50% in the current month, and an increase in the rest of the month in the same number.
Quarterly review of "Internationalization + New Goods" in the year 024 continues to be positive for sales within excavators, with a 9.3 per cent increase from March to April, a 13.3 per cent increase from April to May, with a steady hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) depth reporting: hydraulic pressure.
In the first half of the year, 130.9 million non-standard tanks were sold for heavy equipment.
\triangleright - 2023/09/04: 21.53 per cent increase over the same period, of which \trailers, cranes, high-altitude platform swings
Quarterly review of non-digging operations continued to function, export tanks, wind and light-voltaic fuel tanks, etc., achieved rapid growth in sales revenue; non-digger pump valves continued to be strong - 2023/04/28
Rapid growth, 24.30% on a year-on-year basis. Condensed hydraulic sales have continued to grow at a high rate, further expanding the domestic market share in high-altitude platforms, excavators, loaders, agricultural machinery, etc., and have made a breakthrough in foreign markets, resulting in bulk supply.
In addition, sales of casting products in non-engineering industries, such as new energy sources, industrial vacuums, etc. Investment proposals: taking into account the upturn in domestic engineering machinery this year, companies do not dig and continue their overseas operations.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.