The multi-dimensional layout is moving steadily, with 24q2 performance exceeding expectations, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
24h1. Corporate Māori combined rate increases are mainly due to a significant decrease in exchange rate gains over the same period in the previous year. Single 24q2, combined Māori for companies, demonstrated by the effectiveness of diversification strategies, successful growth in non-digging and overseas markets, and growth in corporate performance. 24h1.
The company achieved a rapid increase in sales revenue from the sale of non-standard fuel tanks for the sale of heavy equipment of 13.8 million, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the same period of the same year.
24.3% of the company ' s multi-products performed well: 24h1, compact hydraulic products expanded well, sales remained high, the share of industries such as high-altitude platforms, excavators, loaders and agricultural machinery in the domestic market increased, the foreign market made business breakthroughs and bulk deliveries were achieved: they were applied to skating loaders, agricultural machines, coal machines, etc.
There has been a rapid increase in domestic and foreign market demand for the industry’s track-oriented Semada products; and a further increase in the volume of casting products in non-engineering machines, such as new energy sources, industrial vacuums. 24h1, the company’s overseas revenues have increased by 15.3 per cent over the same period, and the company’s Mexican factory construction is now at its end, and it is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in its performance.
• In the field of forward-looking industrial automation and electricization of engineering machinery, there is sufficient power to grow in the future. In recent years, companies have continued to deepen their “electricization” strategy, forward-looking industrial automation and electricization of engineering machinery, actively constructing the third growth pole of the company. At present, according to company announcements, 24h1, the company's linear drive project
Steady progress, infrastructure has been completed: the high-tech line of products has completed the full series of high-voltage customers, motor vehicle-type applications development, rollers, rollers, tracks, etc. The rollers are being tested, the rollers are being delivered and delivered in small quantities, and the future is expected with their strength.
Precision-processing technologies have grown to the top of the scaffolding track, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.