The Māori rate has risen significantly and continues to look forward to corporate diversification and internationalization strategies Events: Companies published their 2024th semi-annual report, which achieved income of $4,833 million in the first half of the year, increased income of $2,471 million in the same year, increased by 22,05 per cent in the same year and achieved net return to the mother of $686 million
Firmly pursuing diversification strategies, non-digging operations continued to grow. 2024h1, companies sold a total of 13,89 million non-standard fuel tanks, an increase of 21.53 per cent in the same year; non-digger pump valves achieved rapid growth, a 24.30 per cent increase in the same year.
In high-altitude platforms, excavators, loaders, and agricultural machinery, the domestic market shares have also made business breakthroughs in foreign markets, and bulk deliveries have been made.
In addition, the sale of casting products in non-engineering machines, such as new energy sources, industrial vacuums, etc., has been further scaled up. Companies, while maintaining core competition in traditional business segments, continue to enrich product spectrometry, and non-digging operations continue to grow.
The company’s continuous acceleration of the internationalization strategy’s total stock/flow (billion shares) is ending to provide a solid foundation for deep-seated American markets. At the same time, the company continues to contract electricity.
The highest/lowest price dynamic strategy within 12 months, forward-looking deployment of industrial automation and electrodynamics of engineering machinery to construct the third growth pole of the company. Linear drive projects are progressing steadily, and the roller staves are now in progress.
The Māori rate has improved significantly and the cost rate has risen. 2024h1 has achieved 41.64 per cent Māori, < < < Pluralism strategy smooths down dredging operations in the country >
Increases of 2.62 pct over the same year, at the cost end of 2024h1 company sales, management, R & D, financial consolidation and enhancement of corporate competitiveness >--2023 - increase in operating costs; increase in management costs is mainly due to an increase in the number of active employees and the remuneration of employees
Developments >--2022-10-26 Increases; financial cost increases are mainly due to a significant decrease in exchange rate gains compared to the same period last year.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report