Mid 2024: q2 performed better than market expectations, increased profitability after exchange rate effects q2 net return profit increased by 5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, better than previous market expectations
Billion dollars, +1.7 per cent of the company ' s q2 performance supermarket expectations, which we judge mainly were: (1) excavator plates: benefiting from the bottom up of the domestic excavator industry, the company ' s excavator tanks and pump valves are gradually moving out of the downward cycle. (2) Non-divide plates: tank valves in the high, agricultural, industrial and other fields have grown significantly, with unpolluted oil in the first half of the year.
139,000 cylinder sales, +21.5 per cent; 24.3 per cent increase in revenue from non-digger pump valves, 24.3 per cent increase in revenues from the same year  benefits from a decline in structural optimization + the cost of raw materials and continued increase in profitability  41.6 per cent for sales of Māori by company 2024h1, +2.6 per cent for sales; 26.7 per cent for sales net interest rate, +2.6 per cent for sales
The increase in Māori sales is mainly due to an optimisation of product structure + lower cost of raw materials. Sales, net of currency exchange effects, raise profits in the main industry and increase profitability.
Corporate diversification, internationalization strategy and expected sustained growth in performance: (1) Mexican project: companies set up hydraulic unit production bases in Mexico, which are expected to be tested in the fourth quarter of 2024.
The landing will be effective in raising the company ' s overseas share: the excavator plate, which is expected to achieve a further increase in the North American high-end excavator branded oil tank share in 2025; the high-level engine block, which has significantly increased the company ' s offshore plant and scuffle project.
The share of the products of the tanks is proportional; the agro-mechanical plates: Mexico's factory is starting production to cut Auxiliary Company into the North American high-end agricultural machinery market for hydraulics. (2) Linear drive projects: the company has set up three departments, one for electric power, one for the red industry, one for the string industry and one for the track industry, and one for the rollers, the rollers, the rollers, the track, etc.
In the trial, coverage of the co-class string product has been achieved, as of 2024h1, and the company has been rated at the engine bed, on point: profit end short-term exposure to exchange rate, new item
Small-scale bulk orders downstream, such as semiconductors, are projected to be fully productive in 2025; company stock, electrodynamic parts of the extreme-scale engineering machinery, which is now in the vanguard of high-powered products, ready for production.
To be fully validated in the market, there will be an opportunity to be validated in the future by more engineering and machinery products.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: bottom construction in the engineering and machinery industry, with a high market share of company excavator products, which will benefit the engineering and machinery industry; large market space for non-label hydraulics and stable company growth;
We're looking forward to the company's long-term growth prospects, given the warmth of the engineering and machinery industry, the company's string business and overseas production capacity.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.