It's a long-standing hydraulic pressure (60110.sh), a mechanical unit, the excavator's plate is warm, the non-digger's plate continues to shine.
The demand for the domestic downstream dredgers q2 is reheating at the bottom and the non-divide plates continue to grow at a high rate.
In addition, the company's “diversity” strategy has yielded remarkable results.
2. " In-depth study of the Helium Hydraulic Hydraulic Pressure Company: The Hydraulic Pressure is Base, The Sword is Accurate " , with 130,800 non-standard tanks for the sale of heavy equipment, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period.
3. " Three-quarterly assessment of constant hydraulic pressure: currency exchange losses are delaying performance and the sales revenue of the most pressured cylinders is growing rapidly; tight hydraulic sales are growing at a high rate, and a period of progress has passed " , 2023.10.31.
In the first half of the year, there was a rapid increase in market demand, both at sea and in the interior, for the products of the road to the pillar of Semada.
In addition, sales of casting products in non-engineering machines, such as new energy sources, industrial vacuums, etc., have been further scaled up. Sustained efficiency gains have resulted in a significant increase in profitability.
Cost composition of the industry, setting cost management guidelines and targets, and promoting deeper corporate cost management. 1h24, the company ' s Māori ratio is 41.64%, compared to +2.62 pct, mainly due to product structural optimization and scale effects.
While stabilizing domestic markets, companies have been active in opening up overseas markets and continuing to promote overseas production. During the reporting period, the company’s overseas revenues grew by 15.29% over the same period.
At the same time, the company’s strategy of continuous deep-deeping “electricization” – a forward-looking deployment of industrial automation and engineering machinery – is building the third growth pole of the company. Linear drive projects are advancing steadily.
So far, the roller stale products have been sampled and delivered in small quantities. Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings The domestic market has not recovered as expected: overseas markets have not opened as much as expected: exchange rates have fluctuated significantly.
0/ Checking for more services Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market