The business strategy of “internationalization, diversification, electrodynamicization” has steadily advanced the “diversity” strategy with excellent results and effective smoothing of cycle fluctuations. Non-diggered products account for about 75% of the market for hydraulics, and should have a variety of scenarios that are less relevant to capital estates. In the first half of 2024, companies sold non-standard fuel tanks for heavy equipment.
13.89 million, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period, of which the sale of oil tanks such as shielding units, cranes, high machines, wind and light-voltaic new energy sources has increased rapidly; in the case of non-pump valves, the sale of company compact hydraulics has continued to grow at a high rate, with sales having increased by 24.30 per cent the same year in the first half of the year, further expanding the domestic market share in high machines, dredges, loaders and agricultural machines, and in foreign markets
A breakthrough has also been made, with bulk deliveries achieved; on the motor side, demand from both the sea and foreign markets for the track-thermada products has grown rapidly in the first half of the year, and is widely applied to the industries of skating loaders, agricultural machines, coal machines, etc. The “internationalization” strategy has been actively pursued to promote overseas production and landings.
At present, Mexico’s plant construction has come to an end, laying a solid foundation for deepening the American market, contributing about $1.703 billion in additional output expected after childbirth, opening up the “electricization” strategy of overseas industries and building a third-growth curve. Companies insist on innovation-driven, sustained R & D investment, first half.
The annual R & D investment of $334 million has continued to enrich product lines, and the areas of industrial automation and electricization of engineering machinery have been developed; the company has continued to introduce multiple electric cylinders and controllers to provide pure electric vehicle-type solutions for cutting fork and mastlifting platforms; and the company's linear drive project has been steadily advanced, with the roller staves products already being sampled and delivered in small quantities.
The demand for internal sales is warming, and the dredgers hydraulics are expected to recover. As of July 2024, the total number of excavators was 116903, compared to the same number.
The company’s growth – a company’s summary report – suggests that the company is a domestic hydraulic material tap, and that the non-digger pressure is more flowering in such areas as high machinery, agricultural machinery, seawork, lifting, etc.
The q3 Mäori Rate Ring is active in the strategy of “internationalization” and “electricization.” Taking into account exchange rate fluctuations and employee cost increases, adjust projections, projected to be “salary hydraulic pressure” (601,100): overseas sales are bright.
There is no direct or indirect correlation between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report, which are presented in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.