Business quality is at its best in history and continues to benefit from a high level of engineering and machinery industry Events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated revenue of $28.124 billion, a year-on-year increase The company achieved strong growth in its operations and supermarket expectations: the company achieved real results in the first quarter of the second quarter of the year
The current income is 1,565 million yuan, an increase of 62.39 per cent in the same year, a net gain of 1,962 million yuan in the same year as the gross profit of the mother, an increase of 61.66 billion yuan in the same year, and eight consecutive years in the domestic market, the combined championship; and a rise of 8,549 million yuan in concrete machinery, an increase of 29.36 per cent in the same year.
The first brand of the ball; the start-up machine achieved revenue of $4.102 billion, an increase of 78.47 per cent over the same period, and the market position was steadily rising: all operations, such as stump machinery, road machinery, etc., were growing faster. Cost rates steadily declined during the period, and the quality of operations was at the highest level in history: corporate gross.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) continuously increased to $6,621 million in net cash flow from operating activities, continuing to grow in comparison with the previous year, by 180 to 210 per cent, with significant market expectations
The accelerated approval of capital projects at various locations is expected to contribute to the growth of the engineering and mechanical industry: in July, three heavy jobs (600031) were approved for infrastructure projects at various locations since the regular meeting in the lower part of the country and the meeting of the Political Bureau to fill the short base.
Global -- 2018/07/16 Accelerating. According to engineering-mechanical grass-roots research, the agent does not yet have a clear sense of the performance of the Triple 1 Worker (600031) Quarterly Report.
The project landed, but it is expected that by the end of the year a number of projects will have landed, and that the mainframe plant will have moved up today, and that the future profits will be huge.
And next year, the engineering and machinery industry will remain high, and companies will benefit fully as industry leaders. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we expect the company’s net profits for the period 2018-2020 to remain at the highest level of business quality and continue to benefit from the engineering and machinery industry.
The industry continues to benefit from industrial research in the engineering and machinery industry, and is well placed in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related sectors. The financial sector has been in business for more than six years, with representatives including Robot Trend and others.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.