Three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs, three heavy jobs.
Events: The company issued an advance notice of its performance, which is expected to result in net profits of between $3.44831 million and $359.34 million for shareholders in the semi-annual 2018 period, which will increase from the same period in the previous year.
During the reporting period, companies excavated machinery, mixed s1480180001, influenced by multiple factors such as downstream capital demand pull, demand for equipment upgrading, artificial substitution effects, environmental protection drivers, and further enhancement of company core competitiveness.
The sale of equipment, such as concrete machinery, cranes, etc., has continued to grow strongly. The quality and efficiency of the company’s operations have continued to increase significantly, its capacity utilization and the overall profitability of its products have continued to increase, while the overall cost rate has continued to decline over the period and the profit level has increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.
The US pushes for a balance in the current-account trade deficit, and the impact of the trade war on exports will become apparent in the second half of the year.
773862/770012. Since the beginning of the year, capital investment has declined at a significant rate, leading to low market expectations, and the current month’s regular national meeting.
Proposing to accelerate progress in the issuance and use of local government-specific bonds, to avoid capital disruptions, construction failures, advances in construction and a number of major projects, etc., and to put the capital on the bottom of the table, capital investment is expected to pick up at a high rate in the second half of the year, representing an excavator.
Business efficiency is increasing, and profit growth is increasing significantly. The company’s business-oriented “agility” and “resilient” are changing gradually to light assets, from supply chain management and banking.
Stock management, profit-making and continuous reduction of the operating leverage factor to respond quickly to weekly fluctuations in sales and to expand the advantages of scale; on the other hand, companies consistently maintain a high proportion of R & D inputs, which is higher than ever, consistently lowers the input of operating capital in daily operations, and saves inventory and receivables
The company’s full brand value is reflected in a stable market holding rate, a prolonged sales-end recovery cycle resulting from the build-up from the bottom up, a substantial improvement in the company’s continued profitability growth, and the expectation that the company’s performance will continue to outpace market expectations.
14x, 11x, and 9x., respectively, give the company 15 times the market value of 93 billion dollars.
III.4 The Trinity Review of Trinity in the Annual Report — Trinity, Predictions Meeting Expectations of Core Competitiveness — III.4 The Trinity in Work (600031) Event Review: Competitiveness
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of capital rehabilitation, the forecast of higher profits.
Xianhui joined the East Hing Bond to study the mechanical industry.
China People ' s University, Faculty of Economics, undergraduate and master ' s degree. Three years of financial and media-listed corporate experience, mainly following the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanical industry, joined the civil securities in 2016 and the East Hing securities in 2017.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Three heavy jobs (600031): The capital is expected to repair the forecast of profit increases without any assurance of the accuracy and completeness of this information, or of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.