(a) The capital is expected to be repaired and the profit elasticity shown by the three heavy jobs (600031) is assessed: the company issued a report in the first half of 2018, and in the first half of 2018 it achieved business income of $28.124 billion, an increase of 46.42 per cent over the same period;
Realization of net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company was 3,389 million yuan, an increase of 192.09 per cent over the same period. Profitability repairs continued and efficiency gains were evident. 31.64 per cent of company sales in the first half of the year (30.07 per cent in 2017) and net sales gains \triangleright
Capital pessimism is expected to be repaired. Since the beginning of the year, capital investment has fallen sharply, leading to a downturn in market expectations, and last month’s regular national meeting proposed to accelerate progress in the issuance and use of \triangleright local government-specific bonds, and to avoid a lack of funding for the necessary ongoing projects, the failure of construction, the advancement of construction and reserves.
Major projects, etc., have been nailed to the bottom of the capital’s economy, and capital investment is expected to rise at a rate in the second half of the year, and the building blocks, represented by excavators, are expected to recover emotionally. Business efficiency continues to improve, and profit growth continues to increase significantly.
\triangleright inventory management, profit-making and continuous reduction of the operating leverage factor to respond quickly to cycle fluctuations in sales and to expand the advantages of the scale effect;
Gold flows, saving the cost of operating capital inputs. The company’s brand value is well represented, with a stable market share, a longer sales-end recovery cycle, with a build-up in the bottom-up belt, a substantial improvement in corporate profitability and a expectation that company performance will continue to outperform market expectations.
The decline in corporate core competition has led to a decline in income size and net profit.
Xianhui joined the East Hing Bond to study the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.