On 31 July, the Central Political Office held a meeting to analyse the current economic situation and deploy the next six months of economic work. The meeting noted that the mini-boards were currently used as a means of deepening structural reforms on the supply side.
The priority tasks of the 52-week maximum (in yuan) are to increase the capacity of the infrastructure sector to fill the gaps.
In recent years, several banks have explicitly asked their branches to increase their reserves and investment in public credit projects in the second half of the year. Several experts and bankers have indicated that the total amount of community financing and the growth rate of credit in the second half of the year will increase.
Founded in 2003 by nine natural persons, including Liang and Tang Yue, who are mainly engaged in research and development, production, marketing and services of engineering machinery, the company has now become the largest manufacturer of concrete machinery in the world. The company earned $38.3 billion in 2017, an increase of about 64.7 per cent over the previous year;
The ratio of contributions was 35.7 per cent for excavating machinery, 32.9 per cent for concrete machinery, 13.7 per cent for lifting machinery, 7.6 per cent for pyrotechnic machinery, 3.5 per cent for surface machinery, 4.9 per cent for spare parts and other services, and about 1.7 per cent for other operations.
Improved, in the short term, will benefit significantly from the continued build-up of the capital landscape in the context of the country’s active fiscal policy. It is expected that the international expansion of the company’s operations will be a bright spot in the long run.
In the second half of 2016, the industry recovered and the climate continued to rise, benefiting from positive factors such as property-to-stocking, capital-building stabilization and replacement needs.
In the case of mechanical excavations, data from the China Engineering and Machinery Association's Mining Branch show that in 2017, sales on the domestic excavator market grew by 110.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and continued at a higher rate in January-June 2018, with a 57 per cent increase in sales on a year-on-year basis; 2) on 31 July 2018, the Central Political Bureau held a meeting to confirm that the sales of excavators had increased by 11.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis and that sales had increased by 57 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The idea of “strengthening the infrastructure sector”, 2018h2-2019h1 will become an important window of time for building plans, project development and roll-out, engineering machinery as an important part of the infrastructure chain, and will benefit directly and as a matter of priority, the short- and medium-term performance of the industry.
In terms of products. The company has an advantage in terms of excavations, concretes, cranes, etc., and has increased its concentration in the beneficiary industry. In terms of market share of engineering and machinery products, in 2017, the tri-heavy workers occupied the first position in the industry in terms of excavating machinery, concrete machinery, and cranes.
The top three categories of machinery, plant machinery, and surface machinery have a significant competitive advantage in the market. The driving forces of the upturn in the engineering and machinery industry include the acceleration of capital growth, the replacement of products, the strengthening of environmental policies, etc., will be beneficial to product function and environmental requirements.
In terms of data, the concentration of the 201H1 industry is Cr4 = 52.8%,
Reconcentrating towards the tap, the concentration uplifting logic is validated.