High-performance reporting and recovery of profitability is right! • Significant increases in revenue from operations, upturning of beneficiary industries, concrete/digging/lifting/drilling/roadboarding operations
Revenue from the sale of equipment has increased significantly, largely as a result of the upturn in the industry. 2018h1 excavator markets outperformed 120,000, i.e. + 60%, with only more than 7,000 sales in the first half of the year ' s history in 2011, and sales are expected to reach 190,000, or more, throughout the year.
Other machine-type sales are visible, owing to high levels of real estate investment, equipment upgrading, artificial substitution, and environmental trends, which drive equipment upgrades and export booms.
The combined Māori rate of 2018h1 is 31.64%, compared to 1.78 ptt. For business purposes, the Māori rate for company concrete machines/ excavators/heavy machines/carrying machines/road machines, respectively, continues to rise at the same rate, mainly due to significant growth in corporate revenue.
It has a scale effect and a product upgrade. We judge that, as corporate incomes continue to grow long, but fixed costs do not increase, individual tight machine price increases improve marginal profitability, and corporate overall profitability is expected to increase further.
The larger decline in management costs was mainly due to increased corporate sales revenue, stable fixed staff costs and economies of scale; the larger decline in financial costs was mainly due to lower exchange losses and lower interest expenditures. Overall, the lower cost rates during the company period were indicative of the increased control capacity of the company, which was accompanied by an increase in the control capacity of the company.
▪ Cash flow stability, asset quality improvement, significant improvements in the quality and efficiency of the company's operations, capacity utilization and overall profitability of its products
Increase in operating cash flows of $6.22 billion during the reporting period, the highest level ever during the same period, mainly due to an increase in sales returns. The turnover rate of accounts receivable rose from 1.04 to 1.46 during the same period in the previous year; the stock turnover rate was from control measures, with the total amount of overdue goods falling significantly from the beginning of the year, and the rate of late sales of value was kept low.
▪ Policy marginal improvements will increase the industrial landscape, leading enterprises will remain the best beneficiaries, and recent national policies have been relaxed, capital investments are expected to rebound in the second half of the year, and we expect that support at the policy level in the areas of rural infrastructure, eco-environment, etc. will increase further, with an optimal structure.
Companies, as industry leaders, account for more than 22% of the domestic stock of excavators, especially the large and medium-sized excavators, whose market share has risen faster. Other products, such as cranes, plant mechanics, etc., continue to strengthen their market position.
At the same time, the company focused on research and development, with 1,426 million dollars in research and development for the current period, an increase in its performance over and above expectations! The level of net profits throughout the year determined its ability to move through the cycle, and was able to move away from the country’s macro-cyclical fluctuations and address the estimates.
2. Trinity Work: The issue of a season’s megamarket moving down. In the age of the strong, the leader enjoyed a premium and the leader remained the best option.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We continue to look at Trinity as the Leader of Engineering Machines. 208-04-26 places: first, competitive advantage of whole product lines, rising concentration; second, exports.
3. Trio Work: Performance meets expectations, continues to exceed expectations, and the global layout is optimal; third, industry flagship valuation premium; fourth, operational asset quality on the path to excellence
Quality and cash flow continue to improve. We increased our net profits to $5.9 billion in 2018, and the company's revenues are expected to increase significantly, benefiting industries are expected to increase upwards.
The company’s core competitiveness has been further enhanced, and its revenue from the sale of equipment such as machines, concrete machines, cranes, etc., has increased significantly over the previous year, benefiting mainly from the upturn in industry. The 2018h1 excavator market, which was over 120,000, was 60% by the same year, up from the first half of its 2011 history.
There are only more than 7,000 sales, which are expected to reach 190,000 during the year, or a high level of historical sales of innovation; other machine-type sales are visible, influenced by the high profile of real estate investments, equipment upgrades, artificial substitutions, and environmental tightening, driving equipment upgrades and export booms.
There has been a significant increase in profitability, a period of high cost control, and a significant scale effect of 31.64% of the combined Māori rate of 2018h1, compared with 1.78 ptt. The Māori rate for the company ' s concrete/ excavator/ crane/carpentry/roadmill operations is respectively.
The Division continues to maintain a similar increase in the Māori rate, mainly because of the scale effect of large growth in corporate incomes and the upgrading of products. We judge that the overall profitability of companies is expected to increase further as their incomes continue to grow but fixed costs do not increase and individual tight-fashion machines increase.
This is mainly due to increased sales revenue from companies, stable fixed costs for personnel, and economies of scale; the larger decline in financial costs is due to lower exchange losses and lower interest-rate expenditures. Overall, there has been a decline in cost rates during the company period, indicating an increase in corporate control and a further increase in the company’s cost-control capacity as scale effects continue.
Cash flows were stable, assets were constantly improving, the quality and efficiency of the company's operations were significantly improved, its capacity utilization and the overall profitability of its products were increased. During the reporting period, the company's operating cash flow was $6,621 million, the highest level ever in the same period, mainly due to increased sales returns.
The turnover of accounts increased from 1.04 to 1.46 in the same period of the previous year; the stock turnover increased from 2.15 to 2.24 in the same period of the previous year; the company continued to implement robust risk penetrating and control measures during the reporting period, with a significant decrease in the total amount of overdue goods compared with the beginning of the year and a low level of late sales of value.
Policy marginal improvements will boost the industrial landscape, and leading firms will continue to benefit the best from the recent easing of national policies, with capital investments expected to rebound in the second half of the year, and we expect further support at the policy level in the areas of rural infrastructure, eco-environment, etc., with structural optimization increasing the resilience of capital investment and offsetting it.
The company, as the leader of the industry, has been the champion of the domestic market for excavators for eight consecutive years, with a market share of more than 22%, especially for medium-sized and large excavators. Other products, such as cranes, stump machines, and so on, continue to be firmly marketed.
At the same time, the company focused on research and development, with 1,426 million yuan in research and development for the current period, compared to the medium and long term, the company’s product lines, downstream client distribution, global layout levels determine its ability to move through the cycle. They are able to move away from domestic macro-cyclical fluctuations and solve the problem of falling valuations.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: We continue to look at Trinity as the engine of engineering: first, the competitive advantage of the whole series of product lines.
The concentration of the poles has been rising: second, exports have continued to outpace expectations, and the global layout is perfect: third, industry flagship valuations, premium premiums, and fourth, business quality and cash flows have continued to improve. We have moved up to $5.9 billion in net profits in 2018, companies are expected to grow lower than expected in downstream capital estates, and industry competitive patterns have led to a decline in profitability.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board