Half-yearly performance is projected to be higher than expected! The year's net profit has been raised, and the excess performance is expected to result from the high growth in machine sales and the completion of the historical burden.
The impact of high-profile real estate investments, equipment upgrading, artificial replacements and environmental tightening on equipment upgrades, booms and sales of equipment such as company excavating machines, concrete machines, cranes, etc. have continued to grow strongly; and, secondly, the quality of operations is constantly improving, and the historical bags are expected to be cleared, with performance playing field.
In addition, according to the forecast, the net return profit achieved by the company in the first quarter of q2 is 1.75-2 billion, and the ring is about $300 million in non-recurring losses. If this impact is deducted, the company's profits in the second quarter will increase the industry's climate by improving the policy margins, and the power of the crane pump will increase.
The recent easing of national policies, the prospect of a rebound in capital investment in the second half of the year, and we expect a further increase in support at the policy level in the areas of rural infrastructure, eco-environmental protection, structural optimization, the resilience of capital investment, offsetting downside risks in real estate investment, and the growth of the engineering and mechanical industry.
Digger sales are expected to increase slightly in the second half of the year, at an all-time high of +30% to +40%. As environmental policy tightens, leading to the start of new demand and equipment renewal cycles, balance sheet repairs are expected to be at the end of the year.
We expect high growth in concrete machinery, crane relay excavators, and stock shortages are expected to continue into sound.
Profit projection and investment rating 3, Trio Work: Performance forecast for expected period, light-loading at start-up date, 2018-01-31
The first, the competitive advantage of the entire product line and the increasing concentration of the flagship; the second, the continued over-expected exports, with the best global layout; the third, the valuation premium for the industry; and the fourth, the continuing improvement in the quality of the economy and cash flow.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board