Three heavy jobs released a big year of performance, with the flagship value highlighting a net return profit of 3,389 million yuan, an increase of 192.09 per cent in the same year, and a gain of 0.441 per cent in the same year, an increase of 192 per cent in the same year.
The higher-than-expected growth in performance was due to the continued upturn in the engineering and machinery landscape, a significant increase in the sale of corporate products, a significant improvement in the quality of business, a sustained improvement in the company ' s future, a year-round increase in profit forecasts, and a significant increase in performance in 2018 and a fall in the medium of performance forecasts. Camp 1 was achieved in 2018.
The industry generated $28.124 billion, representing an increase of 46.42 per cent over the same period, of which $16 billion in the second quarter, representing an increase in sales over the same period, with sub-products: concrete machinery/diggers/ cranes/carriers/roads; market level 1; strong cranes growth; and an increase in corporate competitiveness.
The scale effect gradually reflects a significant increase in Māori rates and net interest rates. The combined Māori rate 2018h1
The high trend, with a single drop in the Māori rate for crane equipment, is linked to the company’s active marketing strategy, as evidenced by the steady increase in the rate at the crane market. Three-fee controls are reasonable, and the quality of operations has improved significantly.
5.35 pct, operating cash flow of $6,621 million, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period, the highest ever, mainly in terms of sales returns; the turnover rate of accounts receivable increased from 1.04 to 1.46 during the same period of the previous year; leading companies, with strong competitiveness and high performance elasticity.
Looking at policy marginal improvements, promising downstream capital additions, promising to replace real-estate investment in the long term, and 3) the company as a leading company with a full product line, strong competitiveness, and a steady increase in city ownership. Capital investment has fallen short of expectations, and demand for engineering machinery has fallen sharply.
The company reported a higher performance than expected, and we raised the profit forecast, which is expected to return to the net profit of the mother in 2018-2020.
Yang Shaohui.yang@boccichina.com believes that macro-policy margins are improving, capital investments are expected to add up, and the engineering and machinery industry is growing.
It is hoped that the industry will enjoy its full potential, that competition patterns will continue to improve, and that the market share will increase steadily.