Project erp promotion of the Ministry of Winner Industry and Communications, National Production Substitute Roots Events: Company winning the project " Application extension of the Large Enterprise Resource Management System (erp) based on Cloud Platforms " , which has already been working with the Ministry of Industry and Informatics Information and Software Services
The Department of Industry has signed a project contract to undertake the implementation of the large enterprise resource management (ERP) solution application extension project based on the cloud platform. The total amount of government subsidies for this project is RMB 20 million.
Following the wave of cloud computing applications, and gradually moving towards a erp-based replacement of national production, national production will move in two steps: one is using emerging cloud computing techniques to make sense in new areas of saas, such as digital marketing, social cohesion, shared services, intelligent manufacturing, etc.
In the future, a new generation of large-scale erp systems that provide socialized business services to meet the self-control requirements of erp information systems, to replace foreign products of the same kind in the core business areas of the company and the large enterprise, and to establish national targets
The pilot is expected to be located in the electricity sector, and will be extended to key sectors such as energy, finance, telecommunications, and health care. National production will be replaced by a boom that will open up the erp business for a second time.
The main suppliers in the software market are sap and oracle, and we estimate that in 2015 two companies sold over 2 billion euros in the country. With the launch of the National Strategy for the Development of Informatics and the results of the 15th National Information Network Security Survey,
As a nerve center for corporate informatization, erp can collect business data on many dimensions of the enterprise, from the point of view of information security.
The erp’s nationalization is imperative, and future substitutions will be strengthened, with only old modules using a friend network: erp’s national production as an alternative to an accelerated booster’s annual replacement space of nearly 20 billion dollars.
Producers, winners, and the Ministry of Communications project helped build national standards for friends, build performance reversals, software and financial dual-wheel-drive companies, and a new generation of large-scale erp-industry ecological chains that benefited the most from a wave of national production substitution.
Extension - 2016.08.05 A three-pronged pattern of financial services, with national production alternatives such as sap expected to boost business growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board