The net profit from the non-recurring gain and loss on the part of the shareholders of the listed company is $13,378.8 million.
Because the returns on managing the impact of long-term equity investments decreased by $165 million over the reporting period and government subsidy revenues decreased by 34.4 per cent over the 2016 period, companies achieved a better increase in revenues from the three core business lines of software, cloud services and financial services, and greater efficiency in the operation of the main business.
Corporate management costs and sales costs remain high owing to business transformation upgrades. Of these, R & D expenditures increased by 20.6 per cent compared to 2015 as a result of corporate investment in cloud services and financial services research and development.
Companies are leading providers of business management software in the Asia-Pacific region. At present, companies focus on the three core business lines of “software, cloud services, finance” and aim to serve tens of millions of business customers, increase investment, accelerate the construction of customer-centred integrated services, and create a new competitive advantage for companies.
(i) Autonomous and manageable wave of national production, growth of software services. Corporate software services provide high, medium and low-end software product systems for multi-layered, multi-industry areas, including high-end products for large enterprises, comprehensive erp products, solutions, technology platforms and professional services, including nc product lines,
u9 product lines, plm lines, etc.; middle-end products are mainly aimed at medium-sized enterprises, and core products include u8+ product lines, covering areas such as intellectually capable solutions, o2o multichannel solutions, business regulatory solutions, etc.; low-end software mainly provides software packages and product support services for small and medium-sized enterprises in China, which are provided by a company-owned subsidiary, and core products are t+ products
In addition, the company provides specialized software and solutions for a wide range of industries and fields, covering a wide range of industries, including government, automobiles, education, finance, medical care, auditing, tobacco, telecommunications operators, electricity and energy. According to ccwresearch data, the market size of our erp software will increase from $61.77 billion in 2016.
As long as 76,54 billion yuan, or 7.4 per cent of cagr, is a major trend in the software industry, policy documents such as China Manufacturing 2025, the 13th Five-Year Information Integration Plan have in recent years made clear demands for autonomy, and the pace of national production substitution has continued to progress, providing good development space for national producers.
In January 2017, the company won the project " Extension of the application of the large enterprise resource management system solutions based on cloud platforms " , which will undertake the implementation of the large enterprise erp solutions extension project.
With an autonomous and manageable wave of national production, high-end corporate operations will increasingly open up new opportunities for performance growth.) Cloud services will focus on four major areas, with rapid growth in the scale of operations.
Services, the business model for providing business Internet services to clients (including services such as digital Internet marketing and customer services, smart manufacturing, shared services, socialization and synergy), including: income from operating services, income from applications services, income from information and data services, income from platform transactions (including share) from the promotion of third-party vendor applications and income from other value-added services.
In 2016, the company ' s cloud services generated revenues of $116.870 million, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the same period, with approximately 2.68 million corporate clients serving cloud services, an increase of 235 per cent compared to the end of 2015, and a rapid growth in cloud services, which has gradually grown to become an important growth point in corporate income, with a promising future growth space.
The company’s Internet finance operations consist mainly of personal-oriented p2p finance operations and business-oriented payments operations.
Services such as assessment, risk management, loan-making, etc. The main products of an enterprise’s payment business are smooth cash flow, which is based on online payments, and easy cash, which is based on offline payments.
The company is currently in the process of business transformation and upgrading, with software, cloud services, and finance going well in 2016 performance. As a result of the process of nationalization, companies have opened up the market for medium- and high-end enterprise management software, and there is still much room for growth in software operations; and in cloud services and financial operations, companies are increasingly investing in improved layouts and growing performance, and future developments are worth developing.
The financial services of the Internet have not progressed as expected; cloud services have not grown as expected; and the demand for national production replacement for software operations has not grown as expected.