Performance rebounded, with end-of-life 3.0 effectiveness .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company released its annual report for 2016, during which period it achieved operating income of about $5.11 billion, which is back-to-back with last year's performance, with the first results of the 30-percent end-of-life strategy The company released its 30-year-old end-of-life strategy in the third quarter of 2016, focusing on the three pillars of “software, cloud services, finance”
Ten thousand dollars, an increase of 20.6% over the same period, and significant growth in business income. The company’s financial services business continues to grow, with online payments and Internet finance users continuing to grow. The company’s net profits are negative in the first and third quarters, and the unit is in the fourth quarter.
There has been a significant recovery in profits, and we believe that multiple indicator data show a good dynamic driven by the friendly 3.0 strategy, which will contribute positively to corporate performance.
\triangleright ' s software operations are broadly aimed at large, medium and small enterprises, including government, automobile, education, tobacco, finance, auditing, telecommunications, medical care and energy, to provide solutions and professional services.
The Information and Software Services Division of the Ministry of Winners and Communications, “The erp-based Large Enterprise Resource Management System (ERP) Solutions Extension Project”, which supports the upgrading of the domestic software industry and the consolidation of corporate advantages in the erp system, is currently dominated by the market share of foreign investors, such as Sap and oracle, in the current situation where the market for the erp system is dominated by a majority of the market share of foreign firms, such as the erp system.
It is hoped that national production will replace imports. With the State Council’s publication of the 13th Five-Year Plan for National Informatization, China’s informationization is becoming increasingly important, opening up new opportunities for the software industry, and we believe that companies, as home-grown and leading software providers to the Asia-Pacific region, will benefit in particular.
Cloud services are progressing faster, and the \triangleright company ' s cloud services include digital marketing and customer service, socialization and teamwork, smart manufacturing, finance and people.
During the reporting period, cloud services grew rapidly, accounting for some 2.68 million business clients, an increase of 235% compared to late 2015.
We believe that, with the further development of Internet technology, more and more businesses will be connected to the Internet, and corporate cloud services will have wide market space. Financial services will be well placed and accumulated over the years to secure business development.
\triangleright ' s financial services operations include, inter alia, financial management and investment operations for enterprises ' easy and easy payment operations and individual users. During the reporting period, companies continued to enhance the financial services layout, Internet access to finance information services.
The sum of $7.93 billion was added to the transaction, an increase of 260% over the same year, and the amount of the transaction was paid in excess of $101.5 million, an increase of 332% over the same year. The company’s founding China-King Village Bank, Inc., received approval from the Silver Supervisory Board, and the launch of the Soyo-Tai Property Insurance Company, Inc., received approval from the China Insurance Supervisory Board.
Based on the accumulated advantages of the marketing services network and the customer base, companies will in the future make progress in corporate financial business III. Prospectives for profitability and investment recommendations III. Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Jung Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China, director of the ba Business School, China Petroleum University; has nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, and in 2016 joined the NLD securities. Hu Xing, head of the computer team, engineer, doctor, is directed to computer software and hardware systems, using Tainet and fibre optics.
A major special project, with vehicle-related entrepreneurship experience, co-authored a book entitled “Class-based software design for digital control systems”, joined in 2015 with a civil certificate author with a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.