In the first half of 2023, the company sold raw pigs.
30,265,000 of them, 29,777 per cent of them, corresponding to 3.24 per cent of them, including 1.09 million pigs, are the largest self-sustaining enterprise in the country.
By the end of June, the company was able to grow 303.2 million pigs, and production was steadily increasing in one of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises. The average price of the company's 23H1 commodity pig sales was between $14-15 per kilogram, compared to the prices of pigs in the same period last year.
It's slightly better, but it's still below the full cost of corporate farming, with a rough estimate of the company head loss at $90/head left, better than in the first half of the year, and the company's profits are expected to improve in the second half of the year.
The management advantage continues to be strengthened and the full cost continues to fall down. The full cost of corporate farming continues to fall. As of July 23, the full cost of corporate farming was about $14.3 per kilogram, a decrease of $1.2 per kilogram compared to the end of 22nd year.
In terms of production indicators, the cost of the company weaning pig dropped by $300 per head, 87% full-time life rate, or Psy 28. The region’s indicators of livestock production have been gradually reduced and, as the company’s management strengths have continued to increase, the total cost has been reduced.
As for slaughter, the company grew by 45.88 per cent in the first half of the year. The company's slaughter and capacity utilization rate has gradually increased, and monthly slaughter and slaughterhouses are expected to reach 10-15 million slaughterhouses throughout the year.
The company ' s sales capacity continues to improve, the sacrificial plate will continue to match upstream farming, corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we see the company ' s industrial chain as intact and cost advantages as sustained, total equity/flowa shares (millions)
In the first half of the year, pig farming continued to lose and the annual average price was lower.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Shenwon shares (002714). The company operates in a sound manner and its cost advantages continue to grow.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.