The cost of excellence in production fell on schedule - Makahara shares (002714.sz) On 18 August 2023, Shinhara shares published a mid-term report for 2023.
Cao Xuant 3%. Of these, 29,077,000 heads of commercial pigs, i.e. + 8% of the year; 1.09 million heads of pigs, i.e. 73% of the year; 97,000 pigs of the year, i.e. 54% of the year. The total number of exits in the first half of the year was lower than in the same period last year, mainly due to the first half of the year.
Wearing a good one, the size of the pig's sales is high, and the size of the pig's sales is affected by the same increase in the number of commercial pigs. The company is expected to increase in the second half of last year because of the increase in the stock of pigs in the second half of last year.
At the end of the second quarter, the company was able to grow up to 3,032,000 pigs, the quarterly round + 7%, and one third of the construction, maintenance and upgrading of farm capacity was settled, with capital spending projected at around $15 billion a year.
Production efficiency has improved steadily. The company ' s total survival rate is now over 87%, and Psy ' s is significantly reduced at 28% at full cost. The company ' s cost of production has declined significantly as a result of the combination of higher farm efficiency and lower food prices.
About $14.3/kg, about $1.2/kg less than at the end of last year, with production performance rising by around 0.7/kg, and feed raw material prices falling by around 0.5/kg. The company’s excellent area farming is fully less than $14/kg, and the excellent field line is completely less than $13/kg.
In the future, companies will further explore opportunities for lower submersible costs and continue to improve production indicators. As the price of raw material for feed gradually falls in farm costs, companies will strive to reduce the full cost of pig farming to less than $14/kg by the end of the year.
A slaughterhouse, with a combined capacity of 29 million head/year, used almost 50% in July. More than 1 million per month of slaughter at this stage, still in the climb phase, the company will continue to strengthen its marketing channels in the future. A total of 552.2 million pigs were slaughtered in the first half of the year.
There is a significant improvement in the head loss of 8670 million yuan.2 The Shenwon shares (002714.sz): I have studied my opinion on productivity efficiency. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.