An increase in the number of pigs born in August, an increase in the price of the commodity pig ring, an increase in the value of the stock market (002714), an increase in the number of pigs sold in August, an event in which the company issued an August pig sales bulletin. The announcement indicates that in August 2023, the company sold 567.2 piglets.
The company grew in August, and the price of the commodity pig grew. In January-August this year, the company sold 7,084 million live pigs, a 9.4 per cent increase in the same year, and the goal was steadily moving forward. In 2023, the price of the pig grew slightly. Since August, the price of the pig had risen, and the company ' s price of the pig in August was 16.35.
RMB/kg, a decline of 21.92% in the same year, and a rise of 18.39% in the ring. Combining pig production and commercial pig production can expand steadily. Although the prices of pigs have been low this year, the capacity of the company to grow pig production has increased steadily, laying a solid foundation for the goal.
At the end of the first half of the year, the company was able to produce 303.2 million hogs, 186,000 more than at the end of 2023q1, with a steady expansion of production capacity. At the same time, the company has achieved remarkable results in terms of health management of pigs, disease clean-up, etc., and production indicators have steadily improved.
In the first half of the year, the full cost of the company has reached $14.6/kg, down 0.7/kg from April.
The same-year decline exceeds $1/kg and is in the forefront of the industry. The company reported in its semi-annual exchange this year that, as the price of feed gradually falls, the company aims to reduce the total cost of pig farming to less than $14/kg at the end of the year.
Since 2023, pig prices have been weak, enabling the growth of pig production or continuous degeneration. As a leader in pig farming, companies are actively targeting and raising costs, there is some advantage in keeping up with important indicators such as hogs, pig prices, and costs.
A “buy-in” rating for a company. A “positive” investor is only suitable for a study with a risk level not higher than a “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor is suitable for a variety of categories of people in our department who are either qualified for securities investment consultancy or have considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and is known independently and objectively.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.