Performance meets expectations, cost advantages continue, and the semi-annual performance rating for 2023 for Shinwon shares (002714), August 18th, 2023.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2023. The announcement shows that the company was able to grow its pig production in the first half of 2023 as a result of the restructuring of its capacity to produce pigs.
The same-year-olds have recovered, the costs of overlaying have fallen, and the company's loss of 2023h1 has been narrow. In the first quarter, the price of 2023q2 pigs has fallen over the past quarter, and the company's gross operating income of 2023q2 has been $27,671 million. At the end of the year, the company's stock of pigs was 3,032,000, an increase of 186,000 from the end of 2023q1.
At the same time, the capacity of companies to produce is expanding steadily in terms of healthy management of pigs and the clean-up of diseases, adding production targets to improve steadily, setting firm targets for companies to produce pigs this year. The cost of farming has declined steadily. Companies are now operating on a self-sustaining model of production.
In terms of cost-specific data, the company is a leader in the industry, with an absolute control over pig-growing plants, thus ensuring the quality of farming environments and operations, high risk resistance and low cost.
Corporate slaughter business is growing faster. In the course of business development, companies are actively expanding their business, extending the industrial chain, and slaughtering business is growing faster.
A total of 5,522 million pigs have completed the sale of fresh, frozen pork, 593.3 million tons of meat, and the slaughter business has been operational. 25 slaughter companies have been established in areas with more intensive farming capacity, and 10 slaughterhouses have been built, 43 times more than pe and 10 times more than per cent, respectively.
As a leader in the pig-breeding industry, companies are actively targeted, farm-breeding costs have a certain advantage, and the slaughtering business is advancing steadily.
“Positive” investors are only suitable for the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are suitable for the use of the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not regulated by their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report and have not used the publication.