Subtracting efficiency gains are continuing, and industrial linkages are on scale. \triangleright, 18/08/2023
The pig price is low and the cost-control industry is ahead. \triangleright \ 29.7 million pigs, 109.0 million pigs, 97,000 pigs; the column weighs 117.1 kg, the same ratio.
+15.3 per cent; sales averaged $14.3 per kilogram, corresponding to 5.4 per cent, with oversupply in the 2023h1 pig market, relatively slow decolonization and constant grinding of pig prices, but the company's overall losses are lower in the industry with a relatively high degree of cost control. According to our calculations, 2023q2 has a full cost of pig farming.
In addition, the company's cash flow reserves are abundant and its financial structure is constantly optimized. 2023h1 currency fund balances \triangleright has a capacity of more than 78 million head/year, with a stock of 3,032,000 hogs, +22.6 per cent, ring ratio.
Between the top and the top. Production efficiency: companies have made sustained progress in health management, disease clean-up, improved performance in breeding, and reduced costs in raising pigs. As of March 2023, the whole slaughtering business of companies had been scaled up and the industrial chain had been growing. As of the end of June 2023, the company was already working.
Twenty-five slaughterhouses have been established in Henan, Shandong, Anhui and Northeast regions with a greater concentration of pig-breeding capacity, and 10 slaughterhouses have been built with a combined capacity of 29 million head/year. 2023h1 companies have massacred Han Xiaofei, research assistant.
The company continues to expand the country’s food quality and safety through a self-sustaining business model, which provides food safety to be known, controlled, traceable and safe.
The pork marketing network, the slaughtering industry, which has set up over 60 service stations in 20 provincial districts of the country, has served farmers' wholesale distributors, chains, chains, food processing businesses, and new retail business clients in the first quarter of the year, in 2022, with hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue.
\triangleright 2. Makahara shares (002714.sz) cover the first report:
The advantages are evident in the success of the pig-breeding industry. The company is expected to grow in scale in the future, with costs falling in multi-dimensional dimensions such as feed end and chemical end, resulting in a significant increase in profits, maintenance of methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research work done by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.