Production performance continued to improve, with the full cost falling to $14.3 in July and the net return to the mother - $2.78 billion, a significant loss on the same year, mainly due to the fact that the company ' s cost of pig farming was the highest/minimum in almost 12 months.
In July, the total cost of farming fell to $14.3/kg, and the average price of sales rose. q1 and q2 produced a total of 1384.5 per month, while 2023q2 produced pigs, on a quarterly basis, fell to around $15/kg.
In June, the full cost of the company ' s pig farming fell to $14.6/kg, down 0.7/kg from April, down by more than $1/kg from the same period last year; in July, the total cost of pig farming fell to about $14.3/kg, down by about $1.2/kg from the end of last year, in which the productivity improvement contributed around 0.7/kg.
The decline in the price of raw materials for feed, which contributed about 0.5 yuan/kg, was the lowest cost for all listed pigs. The continuing decline in public costs was mainly due to a marked improvement in production performance, with companies having achieved significant results in the management of life, health, disease and clean-up in the past year or so.
In the first place, the ratio of fertilizer meat dropped from about 3.0 in the same period last year to a little over 2.8. The company’s cost of pig farming has been gradually reduced, with some excellent areas being raised at a full cost of $14/kg, and good line farming at a full cost of up to $13/kg, and the company will continue to take stock of the good areas.
1. The semi-annual performance of herbs (002714) helps to further reduce the cost of farming by reducing the total cost to 14 yuan/kg by the end of the year.
Prospectively, production performance continues to improve, the logic of industrial no-manufacturing is difficult to change after the end of June, observing changes in the supply and demand of second-year-old, big-weight pigs, the price of raw pigs continues to fall this week, and we maintain our previous judgement that the price of pigs had risen significantly before due to flooding.
Quantified production indicators, q1 performance supermarkets
As a result of the factors, the output of the industry is expected to continue: (a) Ministry of Agriculture data show that in April 2022, the sheer number of hogs will be at the bottom of the list, which will be the lowest point after 11 months, i.e., the three-quarter review of the stock of herds (002714);
The effects of the non-pest disease in the north have begun to appear since December 2022, and the effects of the effects of the virus have begun to appear since May 2023.
The high prices of pigs have limited relevance to the impact of the epidemic; (c) consumption has not warmed; (d) prices of piglets have recovered after a sharp increase in prices, but prices of pig farmers have increased only marginally, and prices of futures reflect the fact that the market is still emptied of prices for pigs, and that it is difficult to make a fundamental shift in the motivation of the pigs to replenish and phase out; (e) life.
Pigs are already at their lowest levels since the same period in 2020, and there is a shortage of big-weight pigs, pressure bars and secondary fertility, or their persistence, which may affect short-term pig prices.
The company, as the largest pig-breeding enterprise in the country, has the lowest cost of all listed pigs, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating, using legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.