002714.sz The performance of the 2023 semi-annual report shows a marked decrease in the cost of q2 pigs and a remarkable improvement in farm performance.
Rudolphine, Reynan.
At that time, the company had achieved significant results in the area of health management and the clean-up of the disease, with a marked improvement in the performance of pig farming, which currently stands at about 87 per cent of the full-time rate, with psy at about 28 per cent, and a significant improvement over the previous year ' s average of about 80 per cent, 25 per cent, and 3.0 per cent. 3) The company is a white horse of pig-growing plates with a cost level at the top of the industry, and the company ' s cash costs are still below the price of pigs.
In the first half of 2023, the corporate credit line continued to rise, the cost pressures caused by uncontrollable increases in the price of food raw materials and the volatility of profits caused by large fluctuations in the price of raw pigs. 5) Investment proposal: The original stockholding remains the best-managed enterprise in the industry, and the company ' s cost management advantages are again validated in terms of performance.
The company is expected to maintain or once again increase competition with the industry, based on its farming model and good management, and the company ' s 2023q2 performance was excellent, with farm costs again breaking by $0.7/kg compared to April, falling by more than $1/kg compared to the same period last year, and the company ' s continuing decline was largely due to higher production performance.
And the variation in production costs between regions is gradually narrowing, and the full cost of pig farming in the best areas of the company is now below $14/kg. As raw material prices decline and farm performance continues to improve, there is a downward trend in the cost centers of the regions.
The result is a marked improvement in the performance of pig farming, which currently stands at about 87% of the life cycle, and Psy, 28% of the meat for the fertilizer phase, which is less than 2.9%, which represents significant progress over the previous year’s 80%, 25%, and 3.0% of the same period. One-third of the settlement is for farm capacity construction, maintenance, and upgrading, and corporate capital expenditure is expected to be 15 billion yuan in 2023.
Given that the prices of pigs are still above the company’s cash costs, the cash flow of the company is now net, and the capital reserves are able to meet the company’s normal operating needs. Meanwhile, corporate credit lines have been rising steadily in the first half of 2023, with loan cost chains and hardware advantages and strong leadership.
Makahara's managerial capacity is in the forefront of the industry, with a distinction between soft and hard: software, management of the company's production process with precision