Breaking the Monopoly of Medical Images, the share of the country's municipalities continues to upgrade + joint film medicine (688271.sh) on 12rd of 2025.
Rapid roll-out drives a strong growth in performance: medical imagery leads, innovative self-research support is replaced by national production. For the first time, it is covered, “buy-in” ratings are given.
Companies have achieved significant results in product research and development, market promotion, and internationalization, and are expected to expand in the global market for medical images. Considering that companies are disturbed by domestic equipment procurement policies, and the pace of investment and return from research and development and overseas, we,
• Breaking the position of the international giants, breaking the monopolistic pattern of the multi-product matrix, building the global innovation ecology.
Breaking the technological monopoly and introducing innovatively differentiated products that are competitive, thus breaking the giant monopoly, successfully building the global innovation ecosystem. By 2024h1, more than 120 products had been accumulated, including pet/ct, pet/mr, mr, ct, dr, rt, and digital solutions.
Lines promote diversification and technological progress in the field of medical imagery. At the same time, companies continuously optimize supply chain management, continuously raise self-research self-productivity by, for example, investing in equity upstream, and by reducing the cost of raw materials procurement, improving staff efficiency, controlling costs further, and increasing corporate profitability.
It is expected to increase rapid release along with the overall load load, and the expansion of the joint smartai enabling + ultrasound new business is expected to raise companies globally to a new level of competition. • A strong domestic market raises penetration rates, and overseas markets raise their performance rapidly
Calculator statistics, ct: Market share is ranked first in aggregate; mr: Market share is ranked third and market share is ranked first in the market for ultra-high-field mr equipment above 3.0t; mi: Pete/ct market share is ranked first and pet/mr China market is ranked second; xr: Market share is ranked second
First, Xr was ranked fourth in terms of participation, with uangio 960, uangioaviva, etc. dsa products showing good performance; rt: third in terms of market ownership. The rising ageing of China and the rising incidence of chronic diseases triggered demand for video testing in multi-level hospitals, and policy support will significantly improve per capita video capital.
Source: Overseas markets: A high-profile marketing strategy and home-grown operations reinforce the determination to travel to the sea. Cooperation with a number of leading international health-care institutions is intended, and overseas visibility and brand recognition are expected to sympathize as cooperation progresses further, and overseas revenues are expected to increase.
Co-operator 1.1. Corporate presentation: Science, technology and innovation lead the global market for medical equipment. Shanghai UIF Medical Science and Technology Inc. was established in 2011 as an autonomous research and development initiative.
The company’s products cover a variety of fields, such as magnetic resonance imaging (mri), computer fault scans (ct), x-rays, molecular images. Through deep collaboration with universities, hospitals, research institutions, and industry partners around the world, joint video medicine continues to break through the boundaries of technological innovation.
On August 22, 2022, the company was officially listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, thereby further enhancing its competitiveness in the global market for high-end medical equipment. The joint medical service is continuing to improve the accessibility of medical equipment and services around the world, in keeping with the goals of the Global Science, Technology, Innovation, and Services.
The company has developed a rich product line of high-end medical imaging equipment that can meet from pre-clinical research to diagnostics and diagnostics.
In addition, the company is equipped with autonomously developed medical image processing software and advanced applications that can be integrated into research, diagnosis and treatment programmes to provide one-stop solutions for accurate diagnosis. As of 2024h1, the company has accumulated more than 120 products, including magnetic resonance imaging systems (mr), x-ray computing.
In the field of digital diagnostics, the company provides a joint video medical cloud service based on a networked cloud system structure, bringing together the equipment and applications of the cloud.
Treatment resources shared to provide a comprehensive solution for end-users. Table 1: Accompanimental medical product lines with practical application value mr with radiation-free, contrast-rich and soft tissue resolution
Magnetic resonance imaging systems, widely applied to various types of disease diagnosis, medical screening, surgical navigation, clinical scenes, and can be based on medicine, brain science, molecular biology, etc.
(mr) Advanced scientific studies provide important diagnostic information. umrjupiter 5t
ct with high scanning speed and spatial resolution for x-ray computer fault sweeps Medical institutions at all levels capable of providing the required letters for medical examination, diagnosis and treatment
(ct) xr contains conventional dr, mobile dr, mammogram and c-arm x-ray imaging systems
Wire machines, dsa, etc., which can be used for screening and diagnosis of multiple diseases, as well as for the visual orientation of surgery and intervention.
Metabolism images are linked to morphology, functional information scand by ct or mr Molecular image systems: diagnosis of whole body tissue, especially on tumors, cardiovasculars, nervous systems
(mi) The various aspects have a wide range of clinical value: they are also of great value in a variety of fields, such as scientific research and conversion medicine.
Radiotherapy is an important treatment in the current treatment of tumours, the medical straight accelerator system, radiotherapy products.
Among these, the medical straight-line accelerator has the advantage of (rt) in terms of a wide range of adaptive conditions and operational difficulties, etc., is the mainstream radiotherapy equipment.
It presents information on the structure and functioning of living animals, assistive animal molds, animal mr-type pathology, pharmacological research, and assistance in the transformation of medicine.
Life science instruments achieve real-time detection of the physiological, pathological and drug metabolism processes of various animal models at dynamic molecular levels, supportive drug development and conversion
Animal pet/ct Medicine Helps with cloud-based medicine for medical techniques, clinical, scientific research and patients
Cloudy Platform, cloud film, cloud-based medical care, cloudpacs, digital medical video data management and applications, user-oriented intelligence based on networking
Internet software equipment management services and digital integrated solutions. 1.2. Equity structure: clear equity structure and high-level industry experience
As of 2024q3, the company actually held 24.27% of the company’s shares, including a number of investment agencies and company employees, and constituted a diverse shareholder structure.
The control of the layer, coupled with the introduction of a wide range of capital and resource support, has helped companies to develop and stabilize in the long term. Mr. Zhang Qiang, President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of the United States University of Casey, has graduated from the University of the United States with a doctorate in bio-medical engineering, and his excellent leadership and extensive experience have enhanced the management efficiency of joint cinema medicine.
The ability to innovate technologically and promote the industrialization of state-owned high-end medical imaging equipment enhances the market competitiveness and reputation of companies and introduces more development opportunities for them. Corporate executives are industry seniors with many years of experience, leading companies to innovate and move forward.
1.3 Core financial data: Strong growth in operating income and net profit returns Total growth in operating income of companies, 39.9 per cent in cagr in 2019-2023, slower bidding for domestic medical equipment and the impact of R & D and overseas market inputs.
More funds are reinvested to support companies in further developing high-end innovative products. Figure 3: Corporate operating income as a whole keeps growing.
In comparison to 35.63%, mr collects 3,279 million yuan, or 28.74% of the total. The company is actively contributing to the development and transformation of health-care institutions at all levels, such as the National Medical Centre, the National Regional Medical Centre and the District Medical Service. As of 202403,
The company has over 31,000 products, and has over 13,700 medical and scientific institutions around the world, covering over 1,000 tri-a hospitals across the country, and is widely recognized by clinical institutions at all levels. The ct, pet/ct, and xr products are ranked first in the industry, mr, pet/mr, and rt, of the total value added to the domestic market in 2024h1.
The rapid growth and major breakthroughs in medium- and ultra-high-end products demonstrate the firm’s strong competitiveness and influence in the market for high-end medical equipment. The company’s most important business is medical video diagnostic and radiotherapy equipment, which has a stable and stable Māori ratio.
The overall Māori rate has increased steadily. The Māori rate for maintenance and technical services operations increased steadily in 2019-2023, and the Māori rate for software sales was below the overall level.
In the first half of 2024, research and development personnel reached 3102 or 39.47% of the total number of employees. In collaboration with the country's leading hospitals, the company promoted major medical clearance projects and further deepened partnerships. In April 2023, the “XIV5” country focused on research and development.
In August 2023, the company brought together a wide range of research and research communities and set up the first international multi-centre scientific cooperation platform for researchers. The company followed industry trends closely and focused on the need for public access to health care.
There has been a slight decline in the turnover of corporate total assets, inventories, and accounts payable. The turnover of accounts payable was sufficient in 2021 for companies to continue investing in fixed assets to expand production.
With a cash equivalent of $7,531 million, a decrease of 21.77 per cent from 2022, hardware facilities, such as fixed and long-term assets sustainability, and the development of high-end medical devices will be followed by the construction of digital twin factories with information physics systems at their core, with flexible movement and efficient allocation of resources.
Figure 12: Sustained investment in fixed assets to lay the foundations for long-term development 1.4. Equity incentives: enhancing staff cohesion