Improved performance driven by full price rises, with the long-term value of green aluminium increasing by 66.3 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation of 2.39 billion yuan over the same period increasing by 60.2 per cent over the same quarter, with a significant increase in the production of 2024h1 electrolytic aluminium. Volume: 2024h1 tons of electrolytic aluminium, corresponding to 1.51 million tons over the same period
\triangleright yuan per ton, aluminium oxide 3506 yuan per ton, equal to +397 yuan per ton. Although the price of aluminium has increased more, the company's single ton earnings have fallen slightly due to the increase in the price of oxygen, aluminum and electricity, measuring 2788 tons of aluminium in 2023.
\triangleright Yunnan is in the process of reproducing 71.38 million tons of electrolytic aluminium produced by the company, 77,000 tons higher than the ring.
Sun ' s second spring plus 264,000 tons (mainly due to the start of secondary production restrictions in Yunnan, 23q1, with a late resumption). Aluminium oxide production in 24q2 is 35.74 million tons and remains full. Price: 24q2 market ring price + 1490 yuan/
Tons, aluminum ring ratio + 258/ton, pre-yang ring ratio + 37/ton, other/investment returns (+22 million) due to incrementally q2 electrolytic aluminium price increases in Yunnan market, mainly due to the q2 electrolytic volume price increase. Mainly reduced yield recovery drive q4 performance over-expected, green aluminium prices over time.
Item: Other/investment earnings (-$32 million), impairment losses, etc. ($16.7 million), income tax (-$61 million), assessment: electrolytic aluminium volume rises and lift costs drag on q3 performance
2.21 million tons of corporate equity, relatively low costs and high capacity, and the elasticity of the company's performance.)
Production and liability schedules are optimized and performance is fully released. With improved profitability and the end of capital expansion, corporate asset and liability statements, profit statements, cash flow statements are optimized and impairments are largely eliminated, and the company’s future performance is assured. 4. Aluminium shares (000807.sz) are reported in depth: dialing the cloud.
3) Under the "Bio Carbon" goal, green aluminium is worth a lot of money. Europe has established a carbon tariff on imported goods. According to Europe, "See today, green aluminium highlights the long-term value of 2023/03/26 carbon tariff policy, green aluminium can be exempted from carbon duty lines in the future and electrolysis in the context of domestic "doubt carbon"
5. Aluminium-based shares (000807.sz) were reported for the year 2022: the inclusion of the aluminium industry in the carbon trade is mandatory, green aluminium premiums will be reflected, corporate electrolytic aluminium will be located in Yunnan, valuations slightly exceeded expectations, asset quality continues to be optimized - 2023/03/
Investment proposal: The company has a high capacity for electrolysis aluminum equity and high performance elasticity, while the future value of green aluminum has a high potential, \triangleright billion yuan, which corresponds to nine, eight and seven times the current price, respectively, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2024: 2024h1, with a net return to the mother of $2.52 billion, compared to 22024h1 performance: a significant increase in the performance driven by the increase in the price of electrolytic aluminium, influenced by the increase in the production of electrolytic aluminium and the higher prices of aluminium, 2024h1 recovered.
138.40 million yuan, or +80.3 per cent, or 56.2 per cent of the total; $10.43 billion in aluminium-processing products, or 51.4 per cent more than the previous year, or 56.7 per cent, of the total Māori contribution of corporate electrolytic aluminium; and 1.63 billion yuan, or 25.7 per cent more than the previous year, or 43.2 per cent of the total Māori contribution of aluminium-processing products;
In March, Yunnan began to remanufacturate the electrolytic aluminium, which was earlier than 2023; it produced 723,000 tons of aluminium oxide, a decline of 10,000 tons compared to the previous year. In 2024, the company produced 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.7 million tons of aluminium electrolytic, 1.26 million tons of aluminium alloys and processed products, and 800,000 tons of carbon.
Price: Aluminium 2024h1 at 19798 ton, equal to +1310 ton. The average price of the predating anode is $4489 ton, same to $1478 ton, same to 3506 ton/ton of aluminium oxide, same to +397 ton. While aluminium prices have risen more, the company's single ton earnings have fallen slightly due to the price of aluminium oxide and the increase in electricity costs, and is estimated to be in public 2023.
Tons of aluminum continued to be repaired with an asset impairment of zero. As profits continued to improve, the company continued to pay.
Performance of 32024q2: The net profit of the parent increases by 2024q2 and the net profit of the company rises by comparison with the ring. By comparison, the main gain: Māori q2 electrolytic aluminium production loops rebounded and aluminium prices rose significantly.
Yunnan starts a secondary production limit and resumes later. 24q2 company produces 35.74 million tons of aluminium oxide, maintaining full production status. Price: 24q2 market aluminium ring ratio +1490/t, aluminium oxide ring ratio +258/t, pre-yang ring ratio +37/t, Yunnan market electricity price is slightly lower than 24q1 due to the gradual entry into the water-rich period
The three fee rate ring drops by 0.2 pct. The 2024q2 III fee drops slightly, with company sales having substantially flat cost ratios, management rate down 0.1 pct and financial cost down 0.1 pct. 4 Performance is flexible and green aluminum highlights long-term value
4.1q3 full production of electrolytic aluminium, integrated layout and advantages in purchasing aluminium oxide. The company has formed 1.6 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 1.6 million tons of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing products, and 820,000 tons of charcoal products.
The size of the production capacity, measured by 2.4 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and 1.43 million tons of aluminium oxide production last year, is about 31% of the company’s self-sufficiency rate for aluminium oxide. Yunnan is close to Guangxi, has abundant resources for bauxite, and has a long coastline. It is easier to import bauxite without being imported, and the company has an advantage in purchasing aluminium oxide.
The base price of electricity for the transaction rose by 228 yuan/mwh in 2023, up from 44 yuan/mwh in 2018, plus network fees, government funds, etc., and the average price of electricity for the company was about 400 yuan/mwh in 2023, with no tax value of 354 yuan/mwh at a low national level.
Figure 20: Aluminium oxide prices in the country’s main areas (in yuan/tons) are expected to rise by q3 metric tons. The water coming from our hydroelectric plants is seasonal, with a significant variation in the amount of electricity generated, with water overflowing from June to September of each year, flat water from May to October, dry water from November to April of the following year.
With less than 60% of the water-rich period, the electricity supply has declined significantly. In three quarters, the electrolytic aluminium is fully produced, and the company is expected to rise. 4.2 Carbon deals are on the rise, with green aluminium values highlighted.
In 2021, the national carbon trade began, and the price of carbon began to rise, mainly in the electricity sector, where the price of carbon is almost 70 yuan/tonne, and where the scarcity of carbon emissions is gradually reflected.
Carbon prices may rise further in the future as energy-intensive industries such as electrolysis aluminium are integrated. Depending on the objective of the "double carbon" policy, there is much room for higher domestic carbon prices in the future, taking into account the trend in European carbon prices.
The Commission on Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (ENVI) formally adopted the European Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBM) agreement, which entered into force on 1 October 2023, requiring the imposition of carbon duties on iron, cement, aluminium, fertilizer, etc., which began in 2026, with the phasing out of the free quota until 2034.
The formula for allied carbon tariff collection is as follows: cbam = carbon content x (EU carbon-paying costs - exporting country carbon-paying costs) Our carbon trading mechanism was developed late, carbon quotas were issued more adequately, and carbon prices were much lower than those in Europe, with Europe
Carbon tariff policies are in place, and domestic electrolytic aluminium will face high tariffs. According to the tariff-based formula, goods exported to Europe are equivalent to paying carbon emissions at the European price, which, according to the current European and domestic carbon price differentials, has risen significantly for electrolytic aluminium enterprises with fossil energy fuels.
In 2023, in the Yunnan power structure, hydropower accounted for as much as 74.2%, new energy sources such as wind and light for 9.4%, renewable energy accounted for as much as 83.6%, electrolysis aluminium carbon emissions were low and green aluminium was visible.
Carbon trading will highlight the advantage of the Yunnan Green Aluminum. 5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations Profit Forecasts and Ratings: The company's electrolytic aluminum equity is strong, elastic, and the future value of green aluminum is high
The company’s performance is more influenced by aluminium prices, and the demand for electrolytic aluminium is weaker, leading to a fall in prices that will affect the company’s profitability. 2) Yunnan’s production limits are higher than expected. Yunnan’s power supply is inadequate, coupled with a sharp expansion in the energy-intensive sector.
It is clear that the lack of electricity in the dry water is acute, and the company’s production limit ratio is likely to be higher than expected. 3) The inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in carbon trading has not progressed as much as expected. In the “double carbon” context, the inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in carbon trading is imperative, but limited to economic development, and progress is likely to be very slow.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.