Energy efficiency increases elasticity, green aluminium highlights its medium- and long-term value, alumina shares (000807.sz) 23/09/2024
● The quantity value of electrolytic aluminium plate sizes and upsights, with the first medium-term distribution highlighting the investment value of 2,024h1 companies achieving operating income of $24.65 billion, i.e. +39 per cent, net profit for mothers of $2.52 billion, net profit for mothers of $1.36 billion, i.e. 115 per cent, ring ratio of 16 per cent, mainly due to the increase in the price of electrolytic aluminium.
Taking into account the improvement in electricity supply in Yunnan Province compared to previous years, we expect the company to resume production in Yunnan Province in the second half of the year with a limited production of electrolytic aluminium lines and a full increase in the volume of the original aluminium plate.
In the first half of the year, when Yunnan had sufficient water, the electricity supply had increased rapidly, with the amount of electricity generated in Yunnan Province from January to July 2024 at 180.8 billion kWh, compared to 23 per cent, and sufficient electricity supply had also prevented Yunnan from producing a new round of production reduction after the reduction in the production of 115 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in November 2023 and the start of recovery in March 2024.
With the increase in power load in Yunnan, we expect that the impact of 2024q4 power on the start-up rate of electrolytic aluminium production will also decline further. Prices show that the average market price for 2024h1 electrolytic aluminium is about 19.8 million yuan (including taxes), compared to +7%, and the market for 2024h1 aluminium oxide is about 3535 yuan (including taxes).
(Taxes), same year +19%, 2024h1 aluminium oxide production amounted to 723,000 tonnes, and aluminium oxide self-sufficiency was close to 30%. * First medium-term bonus, firm ' s medium- and long-term investment value.
Quantities, less than expected in Yunnan Province, etc..1 Focus on the integration of green aluminium, the advantage of the main share platform 1.1, and the fine cultivation of the electrolytic aluminium industry for more than 50 years, working on the integrated layout of green aluminium
The company's predecessor, Yunnan Aluminium Plant, was established in 1970 and has grown in precision in the electrolytic aluminium industry for more than 50 years, increasing the current strength of the electrolytic cell, with the company's electrolytic aluminium production concentrated in the more advanced electrolytic cells of 400 and 500 k in recent years, with a low consumption of tons of aluminium. In addition, the company has, over the years, integrated its production by increasing its outreach.
Industrial chain, as of 30 June 2024, the company's bauxite upstream is mainly supplied by low-grade aluminium from the Aluminum Company, a subsidiary in Mansan, which is supplied by 3 million tonnes/year of selected mineral energy, and by aluminium oxide, which is supplied mainly by the Aluminum Industry I and II, which accounts for 1.4 million tonnes/year of capacity: Aluminium in Central and Aluminium is produced mainly by the Ministry and seven subsidiaries. Green aluminium is produced.
Tons/years), graphite cathode 20,000 tonnes/year: downstream, the company is committed to expanding the application and upgrading of aluminium to mid-to-high end products, developing and industrializing new products with differentiated competitive advantages such as aluminium welding, high-end aluminium alloys, itt high-end aluminium alloys, new types of aluminium alloys, aluminium alloys for aviation, and 3n aluminum alloys, and the company's aluminium alloy production capacity.
Figure 1: The company insists on a low-carbon development path, and the green aluminum advantage continues to be highlighted, relying on the China-Aluminium group to build an integrated industrial chain through its subsidiaries, and on the China-Aluminium group to facilitate co-development. In November 2018, the Yunnan provincial government will hold the Yunnan smelt free of charge.
Fifty-one% of gold is transferred to China's copper industry, and the China-Aluminium Group indirectly becomes a controlling shareholder. To resolve the competition, the China-Aluminium Group joined the company, which acquired 10% of the company in 2019 and 19.9% in 2022 and became the controlling shareholder of the company. To date, the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, through the China-Aluminium Group, has effectively controlled the company, the China-Aluminium Group, and the Chinese-Aluminium Group, respectively.
The shareholders in the shares are Yunnan Metallurg and China's aluminium industry, which hold 13 per cent and 29.1 per cent of the shares in the alumina industry, respectively, a total of 42.1 per cent, and the secondary aluminium group, which holds 18.8 per cent of the indirect shares, has a more concentrated distribution of shares. The group is the world's number one supplier of aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, the nation's number one in the copper industry, and the combined power of lead and zinc is the fourth in the world, Asia.
First, there is a strong background in non-ferrous metals. Relying on the China-Aluminium Group, the company ' s supply of aluminium oxide can benefit from a concentration advantage, increase market voice, increase direct purchasing ratios and value for money, enhance supply and bargaining power, and, on the other hand, be able to exploit the credit advantages of the corporate background and share financial resources, broaden access to finance, and reduce access to finance.
A clear division of labour between the subsidiaries through which the companies build the integrated aluminium industry chain. The companies construct a more complete aluminium industry chain that combines bauxite mining, aluminium oxide production, electrolytic aluminium smelting, aluminium processing and aluminium production with carbon products, in which both the Aluminium Mountain and the Aluminium source supply the company with aluminium oxide and the Electrolytic Aluminium, respectively, with charcoal.
Two raw materials, alumina, alumina, alumina, aluminium, alumina, and aluminium spires, are used by seven subsidiaries for electrolysis, aluminium smelting and aluminium processing, while aluminium logistics and aluminium smelting concentrate on logistics and trade.
The company ' s revenue has steadily increased since 2013 and has largely benefited from a sharp increase in the volume of company-owned products. This is due to the increasing production of the company ' s electrolysis aluminium and aluminium-processing products and the movement of aluminium prices. In terms of production, the company ' s electrolytic aluminium production has increased steadily from 2013 to date, from less than 1 million tons in 2013 to a maximum of 2.6 million tons;
On the price side, with the implementation of supply-side reforms, aluminium prices have been moving upwards, with the 2013-2023 compound growth rate benefiting from the increase in aluminium prices, and the company’s net profits have increased significantly in recent years. The company was in a period of balance of gains and losses between 2013 and 2019, with a significant loss in 2018, mainly in the form of a substantial increase in aluminium prices in 2018.
The company’s performance is expected to increase significantly with the end of capital expansion. Aluminium prices in 2023, with a small drop in company performance, followed by high aluminium prices in 2024.
Aluminium-processing products, of which aluminium-processing products are integrated with a company ' s own-production electrolytic aluminium; by product, the ratio of revenues from electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing to Māori was not significantly different, reaching 50.6 per cent in 2023, Māori 6.1 per cent, Aluminium-processing 47.8 per cent and Māori 42.3 per cent.
Figure 7: Major revenues from electrolysis aluminum and aluminium processing (millions of yuan) which accompanied the end of corporate capital expansion and improved profitability, resulting in a marked optimization of corporate asset-liability ratios. From 2020 to date, as corporate capital expansion approached completion and improved profitability, construction works, long-term borrowing, short-term borrowing and
The related financial costs have declined significantly, companies have used sufficient cash flows to pay their debts, companies have borrowed long-term loans from 2020 to 2020 at a declining rate, and companies have had excellent control over their fees. The three rates have fallen significantly in 2016 to date, with 4.50 pct, mainly due to the inclusion of operating costs in the operating costs of sales costs in 2021.
After a change in calibre, the company’s three cost ratios remain declining, as can be seen from its superior ability to control the company’s fees. For the first time in mid-2024, the company released a medium-term profit allocation plan to find gold for every 10 shares, improved performance elasticity of production capacity, and green aluminum highlights its medium- and long-term value.
The company expands the industrial chain upwards to reduce the risk of price volatility of raw materials. (1) Aluminium ore: previously supplied by the company bauxite from the redshelk bauxite and bauxite sales projects, but as a result of continued mining, the availability of mineable resources has declined, and in 2018, alumina was raised for low-grade aluminium in Mansan.
Integrated earth ore use projects (including 800,000 tons of bauxite ore and 3 million tons/yearly ore selection projects) to produce 2.12 million tons of bauxite ore ore for aluminium oxide production in Mansan aluminum, to produce tons of bauxite ore ore, to produce 28 per cent aluminum self-sufficiency, and to buy alumina out mainly from the aluminum group of major shareholders, at even higher prices
(iii) Carbon: based on 1 ton of electrolytic aluminium, which consumes 0.45 tons of precalcinin, the company consumes an estimated 2.6 million tons of electrolytic aluminium per year, a subsidiary produces 1.17 million tons of precalcin, a subsidiary produces 800,000 tons of carbon, which is not enough to cover the company's needs. In February 2018, the company, in conjunction with Sotung Development, set up a soybean aluminum.
A total of 900,000 tonnes of co-built projects (600 000 tonnes, Sotong 65%, and Cylinder 35%) were completed in July 2021, and phase II was completed in July 2022, so that the company ' s own carbon security rate could be 100%. 2.1 Capability: 3.05 million tonnes of green aluminium production, ranked first in Yunnan Province.
The company’s electrolytic aluminium production capacity is the first in Yunnan Province, with 5.77% of production in 2023. At present, the company’s green aluminium production capacity is 3.05 million tons, and as of July 2024, Yunnan’s electrolytic aluminium production capacity is 43.5 million tons per month, and the company’s production capacity is 7%.
At the end of production, benefiting from the climbing slope of new production capacity, companies have steadily increased their share of electrolytic aluminium production from 2016 to the present, with a slight decline in the power-restricted effects in 2023. 2.2, carbon neutral, and in the context of the green aluminum industry, there is much to be done.
In December 2020, the power generation sector entered the carbon market first, and in January 2021, the National Carbon Trading Rights Management Scheme was officially launched.
This month, the national carbon market is officially on the line, and the government determines the total amount of the quota, and the market deals form the price of the carbon. With the opening of the national carbon exchange, the price of the carbon has risen to about $75/tonne, and we believe that there is much room for an increase in the domestic price of carbon in the larger context where the two-carbon target is well established.
The two-carbon target increases the green electricity value, and the green aluminium cost advantage is more pronounced. If electrolysis aluminium enters the carbon emissions trading market, the cost advantage of hydropower aluminium is even more pronounced than that of filamental aluminium, which is estimated at 12 tons of bauxite emissions, and costs 960 kyats per ton when the price of carbon is 80 kyats per ton.
Green aluminium has a larger capacity, with a unique green value. The company has 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, with a strong green power advantage in Toyunnan Province, with a green power share of about 80% of the company’s power structure in 2023.
The company relies on green energy to produce green aluminium, with carbon emissions of about 20% of coal-fired aluminium, with significant cost advantages. In addition, the company insists on a “alloying” strategy that aims to increase aluminum alloyization and reduce carbon emissions by 51% of the company's aluminium alloying in 2023.
In the Yunnan region, where electricity prices are at a low national level, the cost of electricity during the water-rich period is more pronounced than elsewhere. The main sources of electrolytic aluminium production in the country are Shandong, Xinjiang, Inner Moon, and Yunnan.
The lowest, mainly during the Yunnan water-rich period in July, with generally low electricity prices; during the dry water period, Yunnan's electricity prices, although more expensive than during the water-rich period, are still at low national prices, for example, in March 2024, where Yunnan's power network agents purchased electricity at a cost of $283/mwh, which is only higher than the Montung, Xinjiang and Qinghai regions, where electricity costs are flat.
According to the Kunming Power Exchange Centre, in 2022, Yunnan Province adjusted its hydroelectric power balance to 27,8644 million kWh, accounting for 73.54 per cent of the year's total electricity generation (including small amounts). Yunnan is a subtropical highland monsoon type.
Climatic, dry and wet seasons, with a rainy season of May-October, with a concentration of 85 per cent of rainfall, a dry season of November to the following year,4 a limited number of large-scale regulated reservoirs, a weak capacity for water-generation in watersheds, and a consequent high level of hydro-power depletion during the seasons.
Research has shown that the El Niño-Southern Oscillation (ENSO) has had a more significant impact on the length and precipitation of the rainy season in the south-western part of the country, as evidenced by the longer and more precipitation of the La Niña rainy season, the shorter and less precipitation of the El Niño rainy season, which has further increased the difficulty of managing reservoirs and the difference in water and water consumption. Moreover, in recent years, the cloud has become more intense.
The rapid increase in the demand for electricity in the industrial sector, as a result of the massive introduction of energy-intensive industries such as electrolytic aluminium in the south, has further increased the tension in the supply of electricity during the dry season.
Figure 17: Limited water storage in Yunnan reservoirs, Figure 18: Longer than Yunnan Water transfer in Quebec, Figure 19: Significant impact of enso on precipitation in the south-western part of the country
Figure 20: Rapid growth in energy use in Yunnan industry since 2019. Improved power generation in Yunnan Province during the dry season, and expected improved capacity in the company ' s electrolytic aluminium production. In 2024, rainfall in Yunnan Province improved over 2023 and electricity generation during the dry season improved significantly.
The original aluminium production, 1.3507 million tons, an increase of 39 per cent over the same period, was mainly due to the availability of water from Yunnan in the first half of the year, the high rate of electricity supply, the increase in electricity generation in Yunnan Province from January to July 2024, 180.8 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) in January-July 2024, the same amount + 23 per cent, and the adequate supply of electricity, which also prevented Yunnan Province from producing a new round of production reduction after the reduction in the production of 1.15 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in November 2023.
And in March 2024, we started to resume production earlier than in previous years. With the increase in power load in Yunnan, we expect that the impact of 2024q4 power on the power start-up rate for electrolytic aluminium will be further reduced.
Projections for the production of electrolytic aluminium: given the marked improvement in power generation in Yunnan, the apparent increase in the capacity of the company to use electrolytic aluminium, and the gradual advancement of other forms of power generation, such as the stacking of photovoltaics, we believe that the fluctuations in electricity in Yunnan Province will be reduced by the dry water period, and we expect that the company will produce 275, 281, 290 electrolyte aluminium in 2024-2026, respectively.
Aluminium prices forecast: At present, 45 million tons of electrolytic aluminum production in the country is restricted, limited in volume, increases abroad are concentrated in South-East Asia and the Middle East, slow in the impact of inadequate infrastructure, difficult to release large-scale capacity by 2026, demand-side, and new energy sources, super-pressures, etc., are still in place, despite delays in the completion of domestic land production.
Maintaining a high rate of growth, particularly the surge in the size of photovoltaics in Asia and Africa, is expected to create a new pull force. We believe that the aluminium industry is expected to sustain its high profile in 2024-2026, and we predict that the increase in power supply and profitability in 2024-2026 will lead to short-term performance growth, with green power dominance driving companies to long-term success.
The main business is electrolytic aluminium, which we have chosen as a comparable company to Tianshan aluminium, Nanshan aluminium and Chinese aluminium, based on the 20 September 2024 stock price, with the average value of the 2024-2026 comparative companies, respectively.
Quantities, which in turn affect the company's capacity utilization for electrolytic aluminium production; Lower downstream demand, higher than expected demand in the main downstream power, transport, construction areas; Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials, significant fluctuations in the prices of aluminium oxide, precalculation anodes, electricity, etc.
The cost of producing aluminium electrolysis from the ring company.