Excavator tanks in short supply, hydraulic pump valves Industry: Mechanical equipment - general purpose equipment Nero
The company, as the leader of the domestic dredging tank, holds 50% of the market for the excavator tank, including basically all one-line excavator brands. The company is also actively digging for the global tap.
Supplying its global purchases (Carterpile, Japanese Styrote, Hitachi, Kuboda, etc.), benefiting from a recovery in sales of excavators in China, the company’s fuel tanks were in short supply, and the capacity of the excavators was exhausted in the first half of the year. 4548/14530 were sold in January/February 2017, compared with 4548/14530 in January/February 2017.
The company's current heavy equipment is used mainly for shielding, high-end marine, special vehicles (high-altitude operating platforms) and so on.
The income structure (2016h1) has a domestic market share of over 70%, while products are sold out to countries such as the United States, Europe, Japan, Australia, etc. (according to data for 2012/2013/2014/2015, the number of domestic shield production stations is as follows:
The Centre for Research in Industrial Economics and Markets (CIEM) had a global total of $5.23 billion in marine engineering equipment of all types in 2016, compared with 300 indexes of depth in the last six months in US$ 1.00 billion for mobile drilling platforms, mobile production platforms and marine engineering ships, respectively
United States dollars, $610 million and $3.62 billion. According to previous data, the company ' s heavy equipment, which is largely 20 per cent of its annual non-flagged fuel tanks, was used in a wide range of non-flood tank applications, and the company ' s heavy equipment was not filled with non-flagged tank orders.
The market for hydraulic pump valves has unlimited potential.
The main source of rapid growth in corporate revenue is hydraulic fluids, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves.
Date of initial report: 24 March 2017 The country ' s hydraulics market capacity is about 58 billion yuan and is expected to increase to 75.9 billion by 2021, and the company ' s financial position is expected to improve as sales rises.
The company invested in hydraulic pump valves and hydraulic casting projects, with over-financing, which are gradually becoming fixed assets. But their actual sales are currently low, and their productivity and net interest rates continue to decline. The company’s profitability is expected in the future as the volume of product sales goes up.
The company, as an excellent manufacturing company for hydraulic tanks, is now expected to return to a reasonable range as hydraulic pump valves are released in the future, even though the valuation is high, and does not exclude the history of long-term hydraulic pressure in figure 1.
Figure 2 HQ historypb Figure 3 High and continuous sales of excavators Figure 4 Number of domestic shield production stations
Figure 5 World shield production stations, Figure 6 Global Marine Engineering Equipment Market, 2016, Figure 7 Global Marine Engineering Equipment Market, 2016
Figure 8 Size of the market for hydraulics in China 24 March 2017
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.