Company evaluation report  Non-ferrous metal cost control booster performance and continued profitability in the Chinese aluminium industry (60160.sh)
(i) q3 profits are attributable to effective drops and the recovery of aluminium prices
10.36 per cent, or 3.40 per cent less than in the same year; net profit on return and net profit on deduction of non-motherhood, respectively
Aluminium 2.76 million tons (Yoy-2.82 per cent) with variations in external sales - 1.62 per cent, 0 per cent, and external sales Average prices decreased by 11.98 per cent, 2.25 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year; q3 Aluminium oxide, raw aluminium production, 3.53 million tons, 900,000 tons, aluminium market ring, same score
No change + 7.91%, -7.28%, original aluminium market price ring, same-year change +12.62%, excellent performance in cost control, e.g. fine-tuning of major product production processes such as aluminum oxide electrodes
In addition, the company took advantage of its own ore self-sufficiency rate to increase its security from mining, resulting in the realization of the "0-0-R2" increase in the profitability of the company under project (ii) Aluminium prices.
The company’s Guinea mine project was officially launched in March of this year, reaching 12 million tons of installed capacity in June. It means that the company’s bauxite self-sufficiency rate will increase from about 35% to over 65%.
The first production line has been completed, where 1 million tons of aluminium oxide are now operational, and the remaining 1 million tons is expected to continue in November.
The commissioning of this Guinean project is important for the company to control the cost of raw materials. Moreover, since the company's aluminium oxide component will be used for intra-group production of electrolytic aluminium, the amount of electrolytic aluminium has dropped from 1.66 million tons at the beginning of the year to 660,000 tons at the present time, and China's primary aluminium consumption has increased by 1.5 per cent.
As a result of the increase (for the first half of the year), the price of aluminium will be maintained at a high level of $14,000/t in q4, and therefore the impact of electrolytic aluminium in storage will be evident when the anti-city port project comes into production or better controls over companies on the cost control of electrolytic aluminium, which will be accompanied by a gradual increase in demand for aluminium downstream, such as aluminium construction materials, new capital aluminium, etc.
Aluminium electrolytic profits may remain high. The company's introduction of bauxite in Guinea has raised its own aluminum self-sufficiency, and the imminent completion of the anti-city port project is an indication of the company's ability to increase aluminium oxide production.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.