Medical Health Research Centre (CHF) Huadong Medicine (000963.sz) Buying (first rating) Medical industry quality upgrades and global expansion of medicine
The pharmaceutical industry dominates the business, combines analogues, and upgrades quality and technology. The company has several front lines of clinical medicine with market advantages in the fields of specialization, slow-disease drugs and special medicines. By 100 million yuan, the same year it fell by 13.49%, but the Acapo sugar market has risen steadily.
The area of medicine circulation is fully covered, in conjunction with existing operations, and the capacity for integrated solutions is strong. In 2021, the H1 commercial block achieved revenue of 11.7 billion yuan, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period. The company’s pharmaceutical business is a regional leader with 11 regional affiliates in Zhejiang province, with clients covering 11 municipalities and 90 districts (district level) throughout the province.
In addition, the company’s medicine and medical workers are better able to coordinate and provide comprehensive solutions for their clients.
Agency + acquisition of high-quality medical assets overseas, multi-market hotspot products are expected to be marketed, medium- and long-term, business growth is rapid, generating $276 million, or 111.28 per cent more than the previous year. Corporate medical and American operations are concentrated on the latest products and instruments in the area of facial microstyrest and skin management, and the acquisition and holding of shares of Sinclair.
In Spain, the Hightech company. The weight of the "girl needle" is expected to improve performance in the country, and we are looking at the sound development of the company's pharmaceutical industry and circulation, and the robust growth of the medical and aesthetic business. The risks are expected to result from the lack of approval of the product register, the failure to promote the new product, and the high quality of the product.
Risks, medical accident risks, research and development of new medicines, industry policy risks; ongoing construction without long-term transformation; pharmaceutical industry as a leading company in integrated medicine; medical outreach as a driving force for development; leading pharmaceutical industry system in the country; and mobility support channels.
China East Medical Co. Ltd. was founded in 1993 and is based in Hangzhou, Zhejiang State, with three main branches of business, the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business and the medical and aesthetic industry, dominated by the pharmaceutical industry, the whole industry chain covered and multiple links coordinated.
Twenty-eight years after its establishment, the company began to start a second business in 1993, proposing a strategy for “100 million capsules to the nation, Saiping to the world” focusing on specialist special drugs. Between 2004 and 2015, the industry successfully doubled its sales revenue during the fourth three-year plan period.
Yearly planning, the goal is “to achieve industrial sales of 10 billion by 2020 and 10 billion by 2025 for a series of diabetes products, of which 10 billion have already been achieved. Companies have increased their investment in innovation in recent years, and in 2018 proposed a shift to a new pharmaceutical company, led by scientific research and technological innovation.
▪ The pharmaceutical industry is the lead industry, with 32.8 per cent in 2020, but Māori accounts for as much as 82.5 per cent and Māori 80.7 per cent of the total. The company is deeply engaged in specialist, slow-disease and special drug use, covering the core areas of chronic renal disease, transplant immunization, endocrine and digestive systems.
The product line, which has many first-line clinical medicines with domestic market advantages, focuses on the development of innovative medicines and high-tech barriers to the manufacture and development of pharmaceutical products in the three core areas of anti-cancer, endocrine and self-immunisation, through autonomous development, external introduction, project cooperation, etc.
In 2020, public revenues fell by 5% as a result of the new coronary epidemic and the loss of a large variety of Acapo sugar harvests.
In the absence of a bid, the market outside the courtyard has grown slightly in the form of a net return profit. The area of medical circulation has been covered by a leading pharmaceutical business in Zhejiang Province, which includes wholesale, retail, and third-party medical logistics, characterized by cold chains.
In Zhejiang province, 11 regional subsidiaries have been set up, covering 11 districts and 90 districts (districts). The company has four main business units, namely, Chinese and Western medicine, medical devices, medicinal material, and the healthy industry, covering the entire field of medical circulation and providing comprehensive solutions for clients.
By 2020, the company’s pharmaceutical business had received $23.1 billion in revenues of 68.3%, with a gross interest rate of 7.5%, and the negative impact of the epidemic was being absorbed by product restructuring and operational efficiency gains. The agency + acquisition of high-quality medical assets abroad, and running through channels, was expected to achieve sustainable development.
The business focuses on the development, production and sale of the latest products and instruments in the area of facial microscopic and skin management. In 2018, with 1.49 billion yuan in RMB, the acquisition headquarters was located in Sinclair, United Kingdom, with the control of West Bankhightech, with production bases in France, the Netherlands, the United States, Switzerland and Bulgaria.
On the global market, the promotion of the sale of products such as long-acting microball fillers, urinary acid and facial lifting wires, frozen soluble fats, etc., is a platform for corporate global medical operations. In 2020, corporate medicine earned $943 million in US business, with only 2.8 per cent of the proceeds.
The size of the revenues of the capital subsidiary, Sinclair, was 319 million, and the size of the domestic medical and US agent business (represented by the controlling subsidiary, Ningbo Hua), was 624 million.
In the first quarter of 2020, an agreement was formally signed with the Swiss kylanelaboratoires for the commercialization of the kysense, a global market for high-end urogenic acid products, which is expected to be marketed first in the European market in 2020, enriching the medically fine-facilitated product pipelines. In 2020, the company completed a reform of its R & D system, rapidly adjusted marketing strategy, strengthened cooperation on new medicines abroad, and accelerated the international marketing of the medical-breathing industry: active exploration of medicine
A new business model for pharmaceutical commerce, opening up a new market area, acquiring Dolphin biology, acquiring the rightech, running a robust business, expanding operations, making net asset returns higher than industry levels.
Corporate revenue and net profits are growing steadily. Over the last 10 years, the combined annual growth rate has been 13.9 per cent, the net return to the mother, and 24.89 per cent. In 2020, the growth rate declined, mainly as a result of the epidemic and the fall in prices of the Acapose Sugar Nation and the health insurance negotiations, and companies have been active in expanding overseas markets.
In the future, business and new business are expected to grow. 2021h1 achieved a total revenue of $17,179 million, with a net profit of $1.3 billion and a net profit of $1,194 million for non-mothers.
The company’s profit-making capacity is gradually increasing. As the proportion of Māori pharmaceutical industry and medical-American business increases each year, the overall Māori rate has increased from 26 per cent in 2016 to 33 per cent in 2020, and the net interest rate has steadily been raised year by year. The cost of management is less than 5 per cent, and the cost of marketing is high due to the rapid development of the pharmaceutical industry.
With a certain percentage increase, R & D costs are relatively low, taking into account the relatively high turnover, corporate equity is stable, and actual control is exercised by Hu Kayin. The largest shareholders in the company are large groups, with 41.77% of the company’s shares in it, and Hu Kayin is the actual controller.
The affiliates are structured in a reasonable way, and continue to expand and enrich the layout of their production lines. They are the leading companies in the pharmaceutical industry in China and China. In addition, the companies have multiple medical assets in the form of mergers and acquisitions and equity participation.
Specialized and widely promoted company, the Comprehensive Medical and American Health Platform, currently representing the South Korean "Eween" Pulsine Acid and Samuels' series of skin-care products for marketing in the Chinese market. In 2021, the company acquired 75% of Doll's biology through China and China, focusing on tumors and metabolics, a company that owns itself.
The main intellectual property rights platform-based enterprise involved in the development of innovative biomolecular antibody drugs is consistent with the focus area of medical medicine in China. The three main clusters have a clear level of business development that sustains the growth wheel.
The pharmaceutical industry: to cope with the epidemic, policy pressures, the negative growth of the pharmaceutical industry, the company’s performance has remained positive despite the adverse factors of national collection, health-care price negotiations, etc. The pharmaceutical industry has been growing steadily for several years.
There is still much room for development in the wake of the shock on the sugar medals, and in the wake of the aggressive expansion of Chinese medicine, including the grass-roots and social markets, private hospitals, the otc market, among others, where companies will take advantage of marketing teams to expand the grass-roots, out-of-court and retail markets.
Formally implemented as of 1 March 2021, sales of 100 orders of product are still on the rise, but the impact of short-term price reductions on the income end, while there is one, will continue to expand retail and off-the-horizon markets in 2021 and increase market coverage and promotion in ways that go online and below the line.
The central subsidiary of the pharmaceutical industry, China and the Middle East, has been growing continuously for 20 consecutive years. In 2020, China and the Middle East earned 11.4 billion yuan, an increase of 5.07 per cent over the same period: 2,332 million yuan in net profits, years in the field of deep-deep farming, slow-disease drugs and special medicines, with marketing networks covering the entire country.
The pharmaceutical industry is among the top indicators of scale, technical quality, R & D inputs, and market occupancy. The core products are diabetes and transplant drugs, while chronic kidney diseases and transplants are eliminated.
In addition, companies have developed, autonomously, externally introduced, cooperative projects, etc., anti-cancer, endocrine and self-immunisation, and have developed innovative medicines and high-tech barriers.
The company has a specialized team of more than 6,000 people and, by promoting a marketing model that combines general hospitals, grass-roots medical institutions, retail and third end-points, on the Internet, canals cover tens of thousands of large hospitals in their homes. The company adapts its market strategy in time to respond to the National Set.
To develop new channels for online sales, by increasing the number of team members to further promote coverage of grass-roots, out-of-hospital, and self-funded markets. The Ace products have been successfully negotiated with the National Health Insurance, and it is hoped that they will be released in the future.
The company successfully negotiated with the National Health Insurance Institute, and the price of the 100% capsule and the new Acapo chewing card fell. The results showed that the price of the 100% capsule 0.5g/particle and 0.2g/particle was 33.8% lower than the price of the pre-negotiation national minimum provincial health insurance payment; the Acapo chewing chip was 33.8% lower than the negotiation.
The 100% capsule is a long-term slow-disease drug, which, after many years of development, has been used as a guide in a number of areas, forming a certain brand base; there is a self-financing market, and price reductions have helped to improve the situation.
The Acapo chewing film, despite its loss in the country’s second round of mining, stabilized its share of the market in 2020.
Even with lower prices, there has been a more visible advantage in terms of cost, capacity, and channel coverage. Companies have been active in strengthening intra-firm expansion, increasing R & D inputs and building R & D teams, and increasing core competitiveness.
Corporate research and development (R & D) systems have been reformed to promote innovation in R & D. In 2020, the company ' s pharmaceutical industry invested a total of 1,444 million yuan, an increase of 891% compared to the previous year; direct R & D costs 918 million yuan, working with overseas pharmaceutical companies to expand product lines in core areas. Companies and artificial intelligence
(a) Drug discovery companies such as Exscientia and Crystaltech (xtalpi) cooperate in research and development of anti-cancer drugs;
In 20 years, the company has introduced 47 innovative research and development talent, creating innovative teams with internationalized ideas, visions and managerial competencies to advance the achievement of strategic scale targets for innovation projects. A strategic plan for innovative drug development has been developed for the next five years, targeting no fewer than 15 innovation varieties per year.
• Strategic acquisition of Doyle biology to strengthen early drug discovery capabilities in the field of antibodies. On April 26, 21, China East Medical Company, China East, acquired 75% of Dore Bioco Ltd. as the first shareholder of Doyle's biology.
In the field of tumours and metabolism, a platform-based enterprise with autonomous intellectual property rights engaged in the development of innovative biomolecular antipharmaceuticals, consistent with the priority layout of medicine in Washington, D.C. Doll organisms are rich in antibodies in the field of tumours and metabolics, the integration of proteins and polytherms.
In addition to this, the Daur creature has an autonomous intellectual antibodies screening and adaptation platform and a long-acting biopharmaceutical adaptation technology platform.
The technology can produce differentiated antibodies, integrated proteins and polyglycerines, with a high level of pharmaceutical commerce: unique cold chain distribution + electricity supplier interconnection, providing comprehensive solutions for consumers  23 billion yuan in 2020, or 68.3 per cent of the income of the pharmaceutical business, and is the company's operating income.
The company’s business sector has been deep-ploughing the Zhejiang market for many years, with a clear overall competitive advantage in Zhejiang province. The company’s clients’ orders at Zhejiang public health facilities, key private medical and retail pharmacies are met.
The company insists on improving the pharmaceutical logistics network in Zhejiang to build a third-party medical logistics that features a cold chain;
Figure 17: Coverage of the Zhejiang province network of pharmaceutical businesses  through the dtp pharmacy channel, in addition to traditional retail services, companies provide “value-added services” such as pharmacological counselling, drug distribution and special patient return visits to customers; develop a distribution platform for prescriptions to connect Zhejiang province
In Zhejiang province, the Internet+Care service was launched to explore new business models for medicine through the introduction of the online health insurance settlement plus home-to-home delivery service.
A well-established logistics system was established in Zhejiang province; a courier licence was obtained for the first pharmaceutical cold chain enterprise in Zhejiang province to operate and expand the c-end distribution; and a third-party qualification was obtained for the exclusive storage and transport of new crown vaccines at Zhejiang disease prevention and control centres in Zhejiang province to guarantee the distribution of vaccines.
Medical beauty: Focusing on high-end medical beauty markets, developing a new model of medical beauty, giving the domestic subsidiary Ningbo a bright look at the urinary acid, with the international subsidiary sinclair at its core, to make a step-by-step global operation.
▪ The company’s medical beauty section covers two main areas of facial microscopic and skin management, and has a controlled subsidiary, China East Ningbo Pharmaceuticals Ltd., and a fully-owned subsidiary, the United Kingdom Sinclairpharma. China East Ningbo Pharmaceuticals Ltd. has a Department of Medicine and a Department of Medical Healthy Beauty, among which is Medical Health.
In 2013, the Ministry of Beauty and Services introduced the Korean lig brand of Yvonne, which is the country’s sole successor, with Yvonne’s national leader in the sale of urinate. The key product of Sinclairpharma was injected with long-acting micro-ballensé Yyon-Yeon-Yeon-TTM, which was put on the market in August 21.
Using global R & D centers and production bases, integrating R & D resources and capabilities to upgrade the product mix into high-end medical and beauty markets.
Sinclair Corporation, uninvented + miniature medical-American chain of industry; with four global R & D centres in the United Kingdom, Sinclair, Spain hightech, the United States, r2, Kylane Switzerland, five global production bases in the Netherlands, France, the United States, Switzerland and Bulgaria, forming international marketing networks;
Acquisitions, equity participation, etc., have actively introduced new high-end medical products, and companies already have differentiated and transparent products such as sodium sodium, whole product combinations, pyroprotein stimulators, type a botulinum toxin, plant wires, energy source devices, etc., that are not mainstream medical products.
In recent years, many factors, such as higher per capita consumption and increased external visibility, have contributed to the growth of the market for consumption in the face of the majestic economy.
The medical-American sector has gradually moved into public view, becoming one of the greatest beneficiaries of the economic era of face value. For now, the global medical-American market has entered a period of steady development, with conservative estimates that the global medical-American market will grow from $135.57 billion in 2018 to $17.82 billion in 2022, with a capr 7.5%;
The size of China's health-care beauty market (millions of yuan) has increased at a rate (%) to catch up with mature countries, and the penetration rate has improved significantly, reaching 3.6% in 2019, compared to Japan and South Korea.
There is still a gap between about a third in Japan and a fifth in the United States, and a sixth in South Korea, and there is much room for upgrading. With the trend of globalization, technology will continue to evolve, products will become more abundant, the rate of renewal will accelerate, penetration is expected to increase, and domestic health institutions are more well-placed in front of the city.
A low penetration rate of less than 10 per cent in the second and third-line cities and a positive downfall in the lower-line cities will be expected to create a strong preference for light-medium non-surgery projects aimed at skin management through non-surgery medical means, often including the Bo.
urea injections, botox injections, photogenic skins, and laser strips. Compared to traditional surgical projects, non-surgery projects are characterized by low single prices, low risk, low trauma, short recovery cycles.
The non-surgery market in China is expected to grow at a rate of 26.3 per cent a year, which is significantly higher than the 22.7 per cent projected for surgery. Moreover, the operational difficulties of non-surgery projects are low in terms of industry, with relatively short training cycles for personnel, significantly reducing entry barriers, and being more friendly to new entrants.
The variety of non-surgery-type projects can be broadly divided into two types, namely, the injection of beauty in the form of light, the injection of beauty in the form primarily of injection, the elimination of facial wrinkles and dents through the injection of botulinum, sodium transgenic acid, glycoprotein, polyroclastic acid, etc.
Sodium-transparent acid is the main type of injection. The stability and safety of the botulinum toxin has been widely recognized through 20 years of research and practice.
The toxic toxin industry market, which is 3.6 billion yuan in size, maintains high and steady growth and is the fastest growing in injection-type projects, is expected to reach $8,719 million in size by 2026, with cagr being a urinary acid, a transparent acid that functions according to the size of the molecule, such as a big molecule, which is qualitatively strong.
Hard, filled plastics for noses, fat chins, temples, etc.; middle-molecular urinary acid, which is relatively soft in texture and is usually used to remove wrinkles; small molecular urinary acid, which is primarily a skin improvement, with a strong consumer attribute, is a beauty-dressing product. In 2019, China’s transparent acid market reached $4.27 billion.
Over the next five years, the combined rate of growth is expected to be 12.8 per cent, a steady increase.  Overall, the number of global bottox injection sessions exceeded 6 million in 2018, about half the total number of non-surgery programmes, ranked first, about 3.73 million in transparent Quality Acid consultations and accounted for the total number of non-surgery projects.
In 2019, injecting medicine accounted for 57.04% of China ' s total consumption, far higher than 44.17% in the United States and 42.08% in Japan, and with product approval and release, the market share of photovoltaic medicine was the use of lasers to tighten deep skins and remove pigmentation from the skin surface, with higher levels.
Repurchase rates, which include photon therapy, radio frequency beauty, and ultrasonic knife therapy. Photons use specific broad-spectral colours to see the skin surface, produce mini-explosives in the depths and dissipate the colours, close the abnormally fine veins, and also stimulate the growth of the gel plains under the skin.
The Ultrasonic Sword uses heat to promote regenerative and transgenic proteins. Institutional compliance adapts to change patterns.
▪ A large share of the country’s health-care beauty market is made up of private institutions, mainly small private clinics, which account for 71% of the market. As the size of the market expands, and institutional regulation increases, non-compliance institutions will face replacement and elimination, while the market share of formal institutions will increase.
In the case of the botox market, where competition has been regulated in recent years, in 2008 the country included a type of botoxin in the management of toxic drugs and continued to strengthen the regulation of the bottox industry; and in 2016, cfda collide.
Two bulletins warn of the use of botulinum toxins: in 2017, the National Provincial and Municipal Pharmacy Bureau and the Public Security Bureau stepped up their efforts to combat the non-compliance market with botulinum toxins, breaking down numerous cases of botulinum counterfeiting and sale.
Above, there will be more competition within the industry, and businesses will need to actively adjust their strategic layouts, review their timescales, and continue to innovate in order to emerge. Figure 25: The proportion of Chinese health-care beauty institutions in 2018
Figure 26: The proportion of medical beauty compliance institutions in the internationalization strategy, the integration of advanced global resources, and the idea of “the best for the best, the professional and rigorous service of the best for the good”
Focused on the area of micro-record and skin management, deep-seated global advanced products and technologies, and continuously enriched the mainstream non-surgery-type international medical beauty line. Since the ligurinate surgery in 2013 in Korea, companies have focused on fully-funded subsidiaries, Sinclair, through acquisitions of shares and agents.
In collaboration, the strategic formation of a high-end, differentiated medical beauty cluster has led to the creation of an inventive + micromedical beauty product, the exclusive agent Yvonne, the strategic introduction of maili, the full vertical penetration of the low-and-high-end market for urinate, the top of the Yvonne multi-year collection list, and the strong opening of the domestic market for injecting urinary acid.
Jean's development, the introduction of injected porcephalic products, with their safety and good facial improvement, has become the consumer's first priority in light medicine, with a rapid increase of over 50% in the medical market. According to a study in Frost Sullivan, the domestic market for pediatric porcephalics is emerging.
The company's agent, the lg Yv and Yvon cplus/vpus, has a series of high-end, medium- and low-end markets, based on product excellence, pain-free product design, and a company's medical and American market camp.
Figure 28: China ' s 2019 IDU crop pattern introduces new high-end pain-free urinary acids in maili, which penetrates the market vertically.
In March, the fully-owned subsidiary Sinclair entered the Swiss company of specialized medical research and development, kylane, with a global exclusive authorization for its maili series of acid filling products. The product combines oxifree specialized technological processes and painless additions to Jojaden, the top-stamp American allergan, 2021.
Six months in Europe, with active domestic registration being promoted, are an important step in the company’s strategic and comprehensive deployment of the U.S.A. Market for urinary acid, which enriches the product line. With the price-for-money impact of many medium- and low-end brands and the brand effect of high-end imports, companies are expected to have a full and strong competitive advantage.
Young girls' needles were approved to lead a new wind of instantaneous long-acting fillings, and the heavy weight product developed by Sinclair, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, was injected with a polyheptine microball facial filler at llansé Yyon TM (commonly known as the “daughter needle”), which was obtained by the National Pharmacy Office on 13 April 2021.
In 2009 and 2012, the Young Yeon-soon was certified in Europe and Fda in the United States, and has been registered in over 60 countries and territories.
City access, with its superior clinical effect and safety, has triggered a hot tide in the global face filler market.
Completely degradable pcl+cmc safety ingredient, 2-in-1 dual-stage long-lasting.
As pcl degrades, the new gel tissue fills the existing defects and achieves the ultimate lasting improvement.
The fraction cmc achieves full degradation absorption and is more safe at the same time that the effect is sustained. Chart 32: Long-term clinical improvements of over 90% are achieved at the working stage of young girls' needles, with excellent treatments winning good user satisfaction.
There are four products designed for young girls by pcl at different levels of aggregation: ellansétm-s/m/l/e, for a period of one to four years, with a national approval of the type of llansétm-s (one year). The two-year improvement in llansétm-s/m products was sufficient in clinical trials.
Assessment, according to the global aesthetic improvement standard (gais), the effect of the improvement was more than 90 per cent, or even 100 per cent, of the results of the corresponding period, with a recovery rate of 78 per cent after 24 months. Figure 35: Comparison of the effect of the improvement of the patient ' s nasal lip gap within 24 months of the treatment of the young girl ' s needles
The exclusive agent, jetema, followed the rising trend in industry, is now more competitive in the domestic meat and toxin market, and many of the players are about to enter the market. The botox flow has had a wrinkled and thin effect on the neurological circuits.
In 2019, the market for bottox reached 3.6 billion, and in five years, the cagr reached 31.2%, which is expected to continue to grow steadily. The domestic market has a good pattern of competition, and as of now, with only four new players in 2020, the market is still concentrated in btxa, Lanzhou, and Botox, the United States.
In August 2020, the company entered into a strategic partnership with jetema in Korea to acquire its exclusive agentship for a type-a botulinum toxin, which is expected to be submitted for approval this year and officially listed in 2024.
One of the heavy-pound products of jetema, a type of botulinum toxin that has been at the forefront of injecting medicine in the country for many years, is based on the company’s experienced medical marketing power, and Chinese medicine is expected to open up the country’s meat toxin market and occupy the desired share of the market.
The world's only Fda-certified facial wire products, the rapid growth of the market space, the emergence of the domestic market, and the prospect of rapid growth. Face-based wire products address facial pitfalls through simple and rapid micro-incubation, targeting, short operating periods, faster performances, and comparative sexual prices.
High. China’s beauty-line market has been officially opened since the American-American “Plus to Dioxycyclohexonepdo” market was launched in 2019. The market environment is still at an early stage, with domestic approvals of wire-laying products being made only by the American-American and South Korean-Hansbiomed mint-laying products.
The economy has grown, the sculptor has spread, and the market for the beauty line is expected to grow rapidly. The fda is the only certifier that can absorb the wire, innovate the 3d architecture, and the sinclair heavy-pound product is strong into the military beauty line market.
The only paragraph approved by the fda is used for absorbable wires in the mid-face tissue to pull, and for the first time innovative 3d cones were designed to achieve an effective 3d lifting effect from 360° compared to the dominant market-based linear product. In addition, the product uses poly-l-emulsifiable acid and poly-l-emulsifiable acid-ethanol acid (plla, plga)
Degradable materials, which act as pullrs with the effect of stimulating regenerative regenerative glues, have a significant combined advantage over other products of the same type, and are expected to raise the market threshold at the same time as strong shares in the market. The sihouetteinstadlift is registered in more than 60 countries or regions.
(b) Access to the market, which has successfully entered the clinical stage in the country. Figure 38: sihouetteinstadt 3d-dimensional line. Figure 39: 30 days after sihouetteinstadt
The PV is designed to apply photovoltaic technology, such as lasers or frequency radios, to skin therapy in order to tighten skins, improve skins, treat hemorrhoids, pox marks, scarrings, discoloration spots, birthmarks, red bloodlines, strippings.
▪ According to insight data, the size of our market for medical U.S. light appliances grew at an annual compound rate of 20% in 2014-2016, estimated at $2.17 billion in 2021.
As a result, the market’s awareness of photovoltaic equipment has increased and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future.  In 2019, the company acquired US r2, which was established in 2014 and is mainly involved in the development of frozen and white related medical devices and related technologies in the field of medicine.
Chinese medicine has been granted exclusive distribution rights to R2 countries or regions in Asia.  The sample machine for F1 of R2 has been approved by the U.S. fda.
The finished machine is registered in fda and is expected to be officially approved in the United States in 2020; f2 equipment is expected to be marketed in China in the second quarter of 2021, when the company brings in R2's bright white skinrf0.
f0 cool snow gelspaTM innovatively applied refrigeration technology to the field of spotting medical beauty worldwide, breaking the technical bottlenecks of traditional photovoltaic projects, cooling down the temperature and precision of the source to inhibit black production and transmission, reducing color-skinning, zero-damaged skin, simple-effects, and giving it to the pager.
The experience of safe and comfortable skin management fills the gap in the current market for this effective skin management project, opening the era of frozen aesthetics. The acquisition of energy-based medical equipment hyightech is strongly supported by growth.
The purchase of 100% of the Hightech stock at a trade price of Euro65 million, the ownership of Hightech, the core technology and the 165-man team, the current products of Hightech, the primelase, the elysion lighting, are mainly used in the stripping market.
The size of the field is about $360 million, representing about 19 per cent of the market for repair equipment on the skin surface of the energy source.  has a higher level of user recognition for the company ' s cold-fat series of brands. The industry report for medicalinsight shows that the global market for body plastics and tight skins was about $1.51 billion in 2019, and composites in 2018-2023.
The market for frozen plastic products is more than 40%. In 2019, Hightech's frozen resin products were ranked in the market for plastics and tight skin equipment in emea (so-called in Europe, the Middle East, Africa).
The key assumption is that the pharmaceutical industry's main species of 100% capsules, the overall sale of Acapose sugar, which is a significant market share of generic medicines after approval, and the pharmaceutical business sector, which has a strong lead role in the production of pharmaceutical products, will be able to make a difference in the production of pharmaceutical products.
A stable development; a rapid recovery of international medical and aesthetic operations after the epidemic has been brought under control; a successful expansion of the country’s medical products; and rapid penetration of young girls’ needles into the domestic market with a pre-emptive advantage. • The pharmaceutical industry: the pharmaceutical industry under both the 2020 epidemic and the changes in the pharmaceutical industry
Part of the net profit is a 6% increase in the same year. The company actively expanded the market outside the yard after the Acapo sugar collection was lost. The overall market share did not fall. In 2021, despite the 100% cap doctor price reduction challenge, we thought that the company was expected to sustain its performance growth by increasing sales and expanding its channels.
Billions of dollars, net profit around $2.4 billion. ▪ Medicine Business Block: The Medicine Business Block has a significant scale effect as a corporate advantage plate, and I'm a medical beauty panel: Medico Business is a new company, International Medical and American Business, 2019.
We expect to recover rapidly in 2021, with domestic and foreign revenues expected to reach about $1.5 billion, as the epidemic is under control.
We've chosen to value the company using a relative valuation method. The pharmaceutical industry has selected three comparable companies, namely, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals Industry, Transpiration, Tongbao and Restar Medicine, and has chosen the pe valuation method, which in 2021 was 27 times more than the average of the pe and 23 times more than the company. The net profit of the industry is expected to be 2.4 billion yuan in 2021.
The market value for the industrial plate is 55.2 billion yuan; the market value for the pharmaceutical business plate is 6,325 million yuan for Shanghai medicine, Kyushu toon and willows; the value for the medical plate is 4,325 million yuan; and the value for the company is 49 times the average of the company ' s ps in 2021, taking into account the company ' s medical beauty.
Figure 47: Medical beauty is valued by comparable companies, and we appreciate the sound development of the pharmaceutical industry and circulation, and the booming growth of medical beauty.
The company ' s failure to win last year ' s collection of Acapose sugar will bring about a change in the pattern, while the 100% cap health insurance negotiations have been successful, with 33% lower prices than the lowest provincial health insurance in the country, and the sale of two products may be affected, less than expected, and the company ' s harvest will decline.
• The company is currently in an innovation transition phase, with multiple research and development of medicines, which, if not anticipated, will affect the process of listing. Quality issues such as the company’s new products, girls’ needles, affect marketing, and thus have a negative impact on the company’s performance
Our market for medical and aesthetic services is in short supply, the non-compliance market is in short supply, and if a medical accident happens, it will have an impact on the sale of company products, and the sale of medical and aesthetic products is below expectations.
A brand-new product for the company, which will be marketed in the second half of this year, is likely to be sold below expectations, and there is a stronger regulation of the company’s performance in the medical and aesthetic sector, which will gradually become compliant in the event of a medical accident in the industry or in the company.
Non-reinforcement of construction in progress entails an increased risk of depreciation Click or click here to enter text.