“Flower”, full coverage of the Injection Plus Instrument project Investment rating: Purchase (first time) • Multi-pronged, multi-purpose, multi-purpose operation
The company has tended to “multi-channel outreach + focus on light medicine” as the main line for the development of medical beauty. Since 2013, it has been the sole agent and introduced the country’s first import into Korea of a product of explicit acid – Yvonne – into the domestic market for medicine and beauty and the upstream distribution of products.
Then, through acquisition, equity participation, strategic cooperation, medical and aesthetic operations were extended to absorbable wires (silhouette), ellen protein stimulators (telans needles), frozen-and-white-related medical devices (r2), jetema and new ones.
High-end ilidocain urinated acid filler maili. Companies open the market with bouria injections, follow up on various subsequent products, such as planting wires and instruments, light doctors, company prices compared to 300 deep trends.
• Young girls' needles have been approved and are expected to lead the medical doctor's type of injection in the 2.0 era. At present, only three microball products have been approved for iii medical devices in the country: St. Bob's.
The girls' needles were registered with Nmpa in April 2021 and landed on the market in the second half of the year. The girls' needles were made of 30% polyhexine microball (pcl) and 70% thiomethyl cellulose (cmc).
If you can achieve the dual effect of "immediate filling + stimulating regenerative glue," it is often considered a combination of "poluic acid + childhood needles". The products are expected to be marketed and benefit from the pre-emptive advantages of the medical beauty 2.0 era, leading to progressive release.
• Deep-deep injections, deployment of botulinum toxins; planting wires + instruments ready for launch.
In 2020, China's compliance medical facility, which had a market of 3.8 billion yuan, and its 2015-2020 cagr, which was 25.9%. But the meat toxin is needed as a drug of venom in China.
The process is longer and more stringent than conventional medical equipment products. At present, only four products have been approved in the market, the company has been granted the sole agent of jetema in Korea. In 2020, jetema initiated a clinical-type a bottox product in China.
Started with injections, the light-medic beauty category is fully covered: the subsidiary 'sinclair ' s products, in addition to injection products such as urinary acid and needles for young girls, contain a series of silhouette plant products.
glacialspaTM(f0), glacialrxxTM(f1) and full-body spray white f2 medical devices; acquisition of the high tech of the Spanish Energy Source Medical Equipment Company, which acquires their plastic and hairless instruments.
The country’s health-care markets are high, the industry is growing rapidly, and its products are rich and diverse, and are constantly being upgraded. The company focuses on light medicine, with products such as boulic acid, botulinum, photovoltaic equipment, etc., and is expected to be released.
The company’s production is expected to be less advanced than expected, the registration of medical equipment nmpa is longer than expected, competition in the medical and aesthetic sector is increasing, and markets are not being sold as expected.
In 2013, Chinese medicine introduced its first Korean suit through its subsidiary, the exclusive agent of Dong Ningbo.
The introduction of transparent sodium sodium gels (commodity name: yvoiré), certified by EUce, was accompanied by the opening of the company’s layout in the medical business section. The company’s medical work continued to be expanded to absorbable wires (silhouette), pyrogen eggs, through acquisition, equity participation, strategic collaboration, etc.
White irritants (ellans needles), frozen and white-related medical devices (r2), meat toxins (jetema) and new high-end ilidocain urinated acid filler maili. It is easy to see that the company’s expansion of its medical business has shifted to the “multi-form” + “Focus lightly-meditated” main line.
At the end of 2020, the company's total assets amounted to $24,201 million, attributable to the net assets of its parent shareholders.
In the first half of 2021, the company resumed a rapid growth in its medical-American operations.
Domestic Medico-American business grew at a rate of 46%, while corporate corporate revenue grew at an overall rate of 3%, and is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate as the epidemic subsides and companies market more medical-American products.
Injection + instrumentation, micro-spirited and beautiful. 2.1 Injection of the 1.0-year-old urinary acid wide layout, 2.0-year-old girl needle-leading, brokered to stock-taking. The market for urinary acid is fully covered: the subsidiary, Ningbo Hua, has been exclusive since 2013.
Korea’s yvoire Yvonuriate products are currently on the national market for 4 products, namely Yvonc, Yvonv, Yvoncplus, and Yvvpus, which are low- and medium-level. According to the White Paper on the Medical and American Industry 2019, published by the United States of America, Yvon is the most satisfied user and the doctor’s favorite urinary.
Acid brands. In October 2020, the company acquired 20% of its equity as its third largest shareholder through its subsidiary, Sinclair, the Swiss advanced medical research and development agency, kylane laboratoressa (hereinafter “kylane”). At the same time, both parties signed a cooperative product development agreement, and Sinclair will pay a certain amount per year to kylane.
With its R & D activities, it has the right to obtain at an agreed price two points of kylane’s research and development product (intellectual property) and its global interests in the area of facial and body fillers. In the first quarter of 2020, Sinclair obtained a global exclusive license for kylane’s maili series of urinate products.
The oxifree patent technology, the data show that the maili is much better and more resilient than Joyaden, and that the company’s products will be marketed to high-end markets around the world.
The doctor's favorite name, Top5, chart 10, is the main product line.
In April 2021, the female needle was registered with a nmpa certificate, which is expected to be marketed in the second half of 2021. The medical beauty 1.0 era was dominated by filling products such as urinate, and the 2.0 era was characterized by product upgrades that led to the introduction of gel proteins on the basis of fillings.
Female needles are often considered to be a combination of “polymic acid plus acupuncture needles” and are longer and safer than transparent acids and traditional needles. The microball products that are currently approved for iii medical devices in the country are only those of St. Boma and Ames, and those of Boñida and the company.
The more common sculpttras on the scene, aesthefill in love with beauty and dermaveil in beauty have yet to obtain the Nmpa registration, and sales and injections are strictly prohibited in the formal market.
The "filling + stimulating regenerative" effect is expected to be favoured by some traditional urinate consumers: the llanse needle is made of 30% pcl and 70% thiomethyl cellulose (cmc).
So, the wrinkles of the skin are punctuated so that the skin is re-elastic and can be absorbed into the body for a certain period of time after injection; in keeping the skin saturated and flexible, the young girl's needle can achieve the dual effect of “immediate filling + stimulating the regenerative of the glue.” The ellanse has four series of products, s, m, l, and e, which can last up to four years of clinical duration.
The results show that 82% of young girls are satisfied with the injection effect, and 78% of them show a willingness to repeat treatment 24 months after treatment. With the dual effect of "filling + stimulating gel protein regeneration" and the safety and sustainability of the products, it is expected that the young girls will be partially exposed to pyrolytic acid.
I'm going to give you an idea of what you're going to do, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it, and what you're going to do with it.
Diagram 17, Main Component 2.2, in conjunction with Jetema, captures the perfect pattern of the botulinum market. Botox focuses on skin "decomposition" and removes dynamic wrinkles: botulinum is a bacterial toxin of botulinum.
There are eight different serotypes, a-h et al., which were initially applied to muscle convulsions, and started in 2002 with a Botox, which is applied in the field of medicine, with injections that interrupt the transmission of acetic choline between the nerve and muscles, causing muscular paralysis and laxity, and thus achieving a dynamic wrinkle-free beauty, with a lasting effect of an average of three to six months.
Chart 19a Botulinum toxin (bont-a) interrupts neuromuscular muscles, chart 20 compares dynamic wrinkle effects before and after injection, acetylcholine releases at the head.
The size of the formal meat and toxin market in China has continued to grow: China has made steady progress in the formal domestic toxin market, which has benefited from the rapid development of injecting medicine and the spread of meat and toxin products. In 2019, China first sold 200 million yuan with a type-a bottox. In 2020, China complied with the rules of the meat and toxin market in its health-care institutions.
In China, the approved process is longer and more stringent than conventional medical equipment products. From the very beginning, it starts with a more stringent entry threshold and a better pattern of competition.
By the end of the process, at least five clinical trials will be required, at least eight years. If an overseas certified product is introduced directly, nmpa requires that the testing process start with the clinical trial for a period of not less than five years. Thus, China has a high market access threshold for bottox, and once approved competition patterns are better than other medically good plates.
The situation of a “single male monopoly” was broken and the era of the “Four Kingdoms” began: due to the tight regulation of bottany by the Chinese market, only the balance of the Lanzhou creature in China's formal botulinum market until 2020, and the two porcelain players in Al-Jan, the United States, occupied more than 90% of China's botulinum market.
The company ' s production of guilds and the production of Lati by the Korean company Hugel has been successively marketed, so that China has increased the number of meat and toxin products approved to four, and the number of products approved varies in specifications, dispersibility and packaging forms, covering more price segments, and China ' s official intra-national toxic products have been enriched.
Figure 25 Terminal sales of the Chinese Botox Market 2014-2018 Chart 242019 Chinese Botox Competition Patterns (in %) Figure 26 China Botox Brand Profiles (up to 2021.7.26)
In terms of project progress, the German Simma has completed the iii phase of the clinical trial and is in the process of applying for the market, followed by the Korean Green Poison of Bear Pharmacy, Korean hunos, Korean Orange Poison in cooperation with Americ, and the rt002 of Revance.
The country’s policy on botox has become more stringent, and the water market has been severely resisted: China’s meat-tox market has been characterized by the long-standing coexistence of regular products with water and fake goods. According to data released by the Puma Institute, China’s official meat and poison sales in 2020 were only 34%, up from last year, but because of a large number of untreated drugs, powders, greens, etc.
The flow of products into the market through illegal channels has led to a boom in the water market. We believe that China’s growth in the scale of formal meat toxins has been driven by rising consumption penetration rates and substitution of formal products for water products, which are expected to gradually replace water products with more abundant approved products and tighter market regulation, with rapid and steady growth.
China’s health-care and American consumption is entering the public market, and penetration rates are rising rapidly. From a global perspective, China’s medical and American markets are still in a state of initiality, with penetration rates, frequency of consumption, and consumption levels far below those of the rest of the world, with penetration rates at the first line of the mid-year and second-line cities as a whole at the same level as those of South Korea and the US health-care giants.
As China’s per capita consumption rises, the demand for health care and beauty will become apparent in China’s large low-line urban population, and China’s health-care penetration rate will continue to grow considerably in the future.
The market for botox is expected to enter the golden age in the next 5 to 10 years: according to the 2019 New Oxygen White Paper, in Chinese injections 66 per cent, in botox 33 per cent, and in bottox 2:1, contrary to the global dominance of botulinum toxin in the Greater Half of the Rivers, because of the Chinese and Western peoples.
With regard to the different effects of medical beauty, China is more interested in shape-shaped faces, sharp chins, and little v faces, while the West is more interested in wrinkle-freeness and old age by virtue of the natural stub, while the two distinct needs of the Central West are related to puretic acids and meat toxins. The age distribution of medical beauty patients revealed by Irene and Isaps shows that they are 35-50 years old.
Users are more hopeful about the effects of wrinkled resistance to ageing, while Chinese medical users are generally rejuvenated, concentrated between 25 and 35 years of age, and are expected to grow demand for wrinkled treatment in China after 5 to 10 years. The meat market is expected to usher in a new one. In 2020, the company acquired exclusive power over jetemaa-type botox products in China.
Depending on the antiviral properties, botulinum toxins are classified into seven types: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, of which a type is the most toxic. jetema is the only company in the world that has acquired a type, b, and e botulinum toxins, and its strain was introduced from the United Kingdom in 2017 after an agreement was signed with British Public Health (Phee)
The commercialization of botulinum toxin a has been tested for decades and the risk of clinical failure is relatively low, and the strains used by jetema are in line with the production and management processes of the United States and South Korea cgmp and are not controversial as the rest of the strains in Korea and are expected to be in China in the future.
The market for toxins occupies a seat. Figure 33 jetema ' s data for 2016 - 2020 are 2.3 injections to plant wires and instruments, and medical and aesthetic operations are full of flowers.
2.3.1 The domestic netting market, where the company silhouette product series has an advantage, is currently approved only for American-American love and Korean-style biology mints, and the domestic planting line market is at a rapid stage of development. The product under the Sinclair flag includes, in addition to injection products such as piuriate and needles for young girls.
Silhouette's beauty line series. The company's products are pla (polyl emulsifiable acid) and pga (polycetate ethanol acid), which have the dual effect of immediately repositioning and gradually stimulating the regeneration of the skin gel protein compared to the existing ppdo (polymer dioxycyclohexate). Silhouettesoft has conducted more than 150,000 treatments.
Figure 36 silhouetteme sets up a line of light-medic market performance, which drives the development of photo-electric medical beauty devices. With the prevalence of the paint-value economy, the beauty of medicine becomes more powerful.
As usual, according to the AIDS consultant, the size of China’s medical and American market was 87 billion yuan in 2015, reaching 315 billion yuan in 2020, and 23.92% in 2015-2020, of which the share of light medicine is increasing. The rise of the medical and American industry has also led to the development of medical and aesthetic equipment, and the size of China’s medical and aesthetic sector in 2017-2019.
The market for Chinese medical equipment will be more than $50 billion a year. The photovoltaic equipment is the most common non-surgical medical device, which uses lasers, radio frequencies, ultrasounds and other forms of energy to the skin, achieves a medical effect, has a wide range of applications and high safety coefficients, and is widely favoured by American-friendly people.
The company is involved in photovoltaic equipment, entering two important areas of laser and refrigeration equipment: China ' s market size in 2016 was 30%, China ' s skin 25%, China 22%, China ' s skin 22%, and it was only 10%. However, the global scale of corrosion is as high as 37%, compared to other global markets, and China ' s future resistance and lipid reduction is expected.
There is still much room for hope. So the company aimed to fix hotspots of body plastics and skin, acquired equipment from the Spanish Hightech Division, and was the sole agent of the American company r2 to compete for the domestic white and white market.
2.3.2 United States R2 joined forces in the US R2 domestic white and white spot market, with 26.6 per cent of US R2 shares in the US market for white and white medicine: in 2019, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with the United States r2dermatology, Inc. (hereinafter “R2”), with 26.60 per cent of US R2 shares
The company also introduced a cold-touched beauty machine, glaciallspaTM(f0), and f2 (whole spray white) and their future improved distribution rights in 34 Asian countries or territories, including mainland China, Japan and Korea.
Fo innovative cryogenic technologies to effectively address skin colour issues: the company is currently actively preparing the sale of glacialspaTM (f0) in China, which is expected to be officially launched into the Chinese market in 2021. f0 cold hairdresser is the father of modern laser medicine and the head of the Wilman Photomedical Center, m.d., of the United States General Hospital in Massachusetts.
The heart's technical team develops a life-format version of frozen medical devices. It uses innovative cryomodulation (crymodulation TM) techniques that can instantaneously refine low-temperature multidimensional modulations, inhibit the production and trans-shipment of blacks, maintain the micro-environment of the substrate, increase the resilience of the skin, sharpen the skin from its source, and create healthy long-lived good looks.
It mainly addresses the issue of skin colours, including the colour imbalance, the dark and dark, the lack of light, the sensitivity of red, and local colours, the severity of the color, the effects of desalinated colours, pox marks, black eye circles, the safe and comfortable skin management experience of the beauty seeker, filling the void in the current market for this effective color management project, and opening up frozen aesthetics.
Medical equipment (f1) is advancing China’s registration in an orderly manner, and f2 (whole spray white) is in the process of being developed. Medical equipment (f1 (freeze) has been approved by the United States of America for 510 (k) and is expected to be marketed in the United States in the first half of 2021, and will soon be registered in China.
The process of treatment is able to relax the skin, reduce red swelling and inflammation, accelerate the removal of horns, and make the skin brighter. As a result of client survey feedback, the f1 hairdresser has a remarkable spot, a high repurchase rate, 85% of the clients have immediate glowing, and 93% of the client's response spots are in two.
There is a clear dilution within the month, and 100% of the clients involved in the survey choose to buy back or recommend to their friends, and the future is expected to create a hot tide for the American-Americans after China's listing. f2 also uses cryogenic modem techniques, mainly for the whole body, white and white, and is currently in the research and development phase.
Figure 44f1 Therapeutic Effects of Refrigeration Technologies (Very Dimulent in Black) 2.3.3 Open the domestic plastics and laser stripping market, buys the hightech and captures the share of China ' s medical beauty and laser stripping market: February 2021
In the UK, the fully-funded company Sinclairphamalimited acquired 100% of the shares of the Spanish energy-sourced medical equipment company high technologyproducts, s.l.u.
In addition, four reserve projects are still under development and are expected to be marketed globally in 2021-2024.
Figure 46hightech's main product: (1) Acquisition of Hightech's cold-refrigerated fat medicine and beauty equipment, China's plastic market has a large space and low penetration: the market size of China's plastic market was about 105 in 2020
One billion, Deloitte and Touche, projected a 24% compound growth rate between 2020 and 2022, higher than 18% in the US-American market as a whole. Moreover, the penetration rate in the mature US market is 2.8 times a year, compared to 0.8 times a thousand in China, and there is still much room for growth in market openings.
Non-intrusive plastic-reducing lipids have gradually become the dominant substitute for surgical adsorbents, with a strong evaluation of frozen soluble resins. According to the United States Mission, the number of non-intrusive project orders for both non-intrusive solution resins and radio frequency soluble resins has increased by 318 per cent and 216 per cent, respectively, over the past three years.
Medical beauty projects are gradually forming a plastic mainstream. Medical beauty platform big data analysis shows that consumers' combined evaluation of cold soluble resin is more prominent than that of other technologies, and that there are fewer and more opportunities for the use, comfort and safety of frozen soluble resin: only Al's cool plastic products are currently approved in 2018.
On the market, other manufacturers in the international market include Nisheng, Hightech, etc., where there are few players and many more. According to medicalinsight, 2019 Hightech's frozen resin products are second in the market for plastics and tights in the ema (known as the three regions of Europe, the Middle East, Africa) and the company buys high-quality equipment.
The refrigerated tech medical devices are expected to compete for China’s plastic medicine market. (2) Acquisition of haltech laser-challenged medical equipment (elysion, primelese) for the comprehensive development of medical-mutual fabric defunct devices.
It is the safest, quickest, and longest-lasting technology to remove hair. Stripping has always been a medical beauty project with a high consumer frequency ratio, with the year 2020.
The order volume is ranked second in the category of medical beauty breakdowns, and the laser hairdressing market is expected to continue to grow as more beauty seekers focus on the laser stripping project and the upgrading of laser hairdressing devices to make consumers easier to use, and the high tech company, with two dechamber products, elysion, prmelase, has been growing since it was marketed in 2014.
Countries and territories are registered, and companies acquire the Hightech, and their hairdresser products will enter the Chinese market.3 The transformation of R & D results is awaited, with traditional operations or the rebirth of the cocoon of 3.1 pharmaceutical businesses: full network coverage in Zhejiang province
The company is the leading pharmaceutical commercial enterprise in Zhejiang province and has been in China for many years. It has four main lines of business, namely, Chinese medicine, medical equipment, medicinal material, and the health industry. It covers all areas of medical circulation. It includes, among other things, wholesale medicines (public medical care, private medical care, retail pharmacies, commercial distribution), retail medicines,
Third-party medical logistics, pharmaceutical power suppliers, pharmaceutical services (hospital value-added services), market expansion and niche health industries, characterized by cold chains, provide comprehensive solutions for clients. The company ' s pharmaceutical industry has a specialized pharmacological service team of 6,000 people, based on clinical values and academic push.
The promotion of a marketing model that combines general hospitals, primary health-care institutions, retail and third end-points, and Internet lines has gradually developed multi-channel and effective coverage, with 11 regional affiliates in Zhejiang province, with a good competitive advantage in terms of client households covering 11 municipalities and 90 districts (county-level).
Corporate commerce has a combined competitive advantage in policy matters, market access, and network coverage in Zhejiang for many years, a well-developed business, and a rich variety of distributions.
The company has a well-established cold-chain logistics delivery service system and professional capabilities, and the cold-chain logistics delivery business is at the forefront of the country. The company is licensed to operate a courier service for the first pharmaceutical cold-chain enterprise in Zhejiang province, and is qualified for exclusive third-party storage and transportation of vaccines at Zhejiang disease prevention and control centres.
Lake State Company, Ka Hing Branch, Taisan Company.
Hangzhou supply chain, Choshancooke, Ningpo sales company.
Scho Heng Company, Kim Hua Supply Chain, Kim Hua Company
Taizhou Corporation. State Office. Wenzhou Corporation.
3.2 The pharmaceutical industry in Wenzhou: accelerating innovative research and development, with a rich product liner company developing a strategic plan for the development of innovative medicines over the next five years, with clear rules around the existing treatment coverage
During the reporting period, the company stepped up its efforts to advance clinical research on the development of innovative medicines, priority biologically similar items, and to make early progress.
In addition, companies are actively exploring and building on the development of an advanced international innovation drug research and development system, continuously optimizing and fine-tuning their overall research and development architecture and improving the functional modules of innovation project research and development through the introduction of high-end research and development talent, with a view to fully safeguarding the objectives of corporate innovation project strategic planning.
The number and speed of R & D staff in company No. 54 The company has, over the years, built good branding and a strong market base in areas such as chronic kidney disease, transplant immunization, endocrine, digestive systems, etc., and continued to secure market ownership.
There are three core areas of anti-bigma, cancer, endocrine, and self-immunisation, all of which have global innovative drugs (first-in-Class) in place.
Diabetes Multi-Centre Clinical Trials in mainland China and Taiwan, expected to end two clinical sessions by the end of the year and enter officially in 2022 2) Somalu Pin Injector: glp-1 receptor agonist developed by the company in cooperation with Chongqing Kim, the equity company
Lilarupine injector: glp-1 receptor agonist, its diabetes adaptive and diet adaptive disorders are all conducting three clinical studies in the country. Diabetes adaptation has almost completed three clinical trials and is expected to be introduced in the third quarter.
Registration applications are submitted, and fertility adaptives are expected to be registered in 2021.4 The company is concerned about the latest developments in research and development in the field of diabetes, and has been actively developing a global innovation drug, which was introduced in June this year in the Japanese scohiapharma, inc. Clinici-i research product sco-094, which is glp-1r and glp-1r.
Double accelerator for gipr targets for type 2 diabetes, obesity and non-alcoholic fat hepatitis (nash)
hdm2002(imgn853), the first drug in the world for fr-α-positive ovarian cancers, whose pedal test (mrct clinical phase 3 and pk bridge test) has been approved in the country and is currently proceeding with the planned pre-bed preparation process, which is expected to be officially launched in the second half of 2021; another key one-arm clinical trial in China
The application was approved in July 2021 and is expected to be officially launched in early 2022.2) McWalateni: Three clinical trials are under way for the treatment of late non-small cell lung cancers, which have been completed into an integrated group of three clinical subjects, and three clinical trials are expected to be completed in 2021 and submitted for registration.
1) hdm3002 (prv-3279): The company is introducing U.S. proventionbio products for treatment of the system sle and for the prevention or reduction of immunogenic antibodies for gene therapy.
Two international multi-centre clinical studies. The delivery of pre-ind data has been completed. 2) hdm3001 (qx001s): products developed by companies in collaboration with the participating companies, the original drug stelara, the stelara, the Hidalno, bio-like drug for the treatment of middle-heavy plaque in adults.
The progress of clinical research (as reported in the semi-annual report 2021) The country’s medical and beauty markets are high, the industry is growing rapidly, its products are rich and diverse, and it is constantly upgrading.
The company focuses on light medicine, boulic acid, bottox, photovoltaic equipment, etc., and the doctor's 2.0-pound product. The young girl needles are expected to be released, followed by a large number of product pipelines, with a strong incentive for future sustainable growth. Company 1, research and development of the company's products, is not as fast as expected: the company's medical, American, and pharmaceutical industries have a large number of research products, and the company's pharmaceutical industry is doing so.
Qualifying whether research and development is successful and successful in entering the market for appliances and medicines is long and large. If research and development is not progressing as expected, it will affect the commercialization of subsequent products. There is a policy risk to the company's collection that the nmpa registration process for medical appliances will entail: the company has acquired a number of international medical firms, a full range of fabrics.
The Bureau's domestic medical market, but foreign brands need to obtain Nmpa registrations for domestic sales, the Nmpa approval process is more stringent, and there is uncertainty about the exact timing of the approval of products as the medical industry becomes more regulated.3 Competition in the pharmaceutical sector has intensified, and market sales have fallen short of expectations: with the rapid growth of the pharmaceutical industry, a large number of firms have moved into the market.
Industry, industry and industry, where competition continues to grow, if firms fail to maintain their current advantages in responding to market changes in a timely manner, it will affect the promotion and sale of new products by companies and the general layout of their medical and aesthetic operations.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.