New Synth (002001): Synthesis, new and published performance in the first half of 2020: operating income of $5.29 billion, yoy+36.79 per cent, parent
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, a company founded in 1999 and listed in June 2004 at the deep end of the market, is the sector benefiting from the mid-sized and small-sized vitamin taps. We expect a gradual recovery in downstream demand for vitamins.
A listed company. The company focuses heavily on fine chemical synthesis, improved supply patterns, and the industry's atmosphere will gradually increase. The company has 10,000 tons of vitamina production capacity; the amount of technology accumulated, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate ethylene fork.
With a total production capacity of 450,000 tons, the additional 20,000 tons have been put into production and are now being phased out, using organic synthesis as a link to successfully expanding operations in the fields of vitamins, spices, new materials, pyrochlor, etc.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from improved supply and demand patterns in the sector, and the 2020h nutrient plate-rich ratio is now one of the four largest vitamin producers in the world... and has developed into an influential fragrance company.
The supply of diversified products is expected to strengthen the company’s global nutrient leadership. 1 Ecliptic Acid: the company’s condensate industry, competitively competitive companies and prospects.
After that, however, the overall progress of the project is manageable and is now on trial production, marking another solid step towards the company ' s objective of producing 300,000 tons of pyre amino acid per year, when the company will become the country ' s noose.
The company’s continued growth is driven by the industrial chain. 1 Integration: the company’s vitamin business is being strengthened.
Inter-body supply and continuous improvement of process processes leading to integrated production of vitamin products from the intermediate to the finished product.
Figure 1: Structure of new and emerging major products, Figure 2: Performance of the company ' s main products
Figure 3: Multi-product benefits of company-specific technology breakthroughs Figure 4: Multi-product benefits from company integration, cluster development
Figure 5: Existing capacity and growth of vitamine globally New and emerging sources of wealth and wisdom in the East (002001): the growth of fine chemical synthesizing giants continues.
Figure 6: Existing capacity and additions to global vitamina
Figure 8: Projects under construction of new and fragrance-based spice blocks: Figure 9: Global pp capacity 2017: Sources of financial prosperity in the East
Shinzosu (002001): The growth of the fine chemical complexion giants continues, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
New Union (002001): Supertechnic giants continue to grow, Liu Woo-chul Research Department, six years of research experience in the chemical industry.
Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry. A number of international leading academic journals, with five national and international patents, international top crystals, second and first in the public list in 2017, crystal ball in 2018, new analysis in 2019.
Zhang Myung-chung's own research opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.