The Centre for Research in Resources and Environment (CRESEE) is performing as expected, looking at the company's long-term growth performance in 2020h1, with a projected net return profit of 2,212 million, an increase of 91.41 per cent over the same period.
The company ' s performance of 2020q2 is in line with expectations, and multi-product volumes have risen in a positive manner: during the reporting period, the company ' s performance increased significantly, mainly as a result of the increase in the quantity of nutrients, and we analysed the contribution of prices greater than the contribution. Specifically: the domestic market of 2020q2.5 million /g va powder is average.
121.03 per cent; 2 per cent of the domestic market price of biomass is $263.95/kg, an increase of the same year, and the ring comparison, va/ve contributed to the main increase in performance. Later on, we believe that the mainstream species of va/ve-prices are expected to remain high, and subsequent performance is expected to remain high.
More than 10 billion dollars were invested in the construction of the new up-and-up-up-epidemic project, and the performance of Auxiliary Corporations was on a long-term upwards: Nutrition Blocks, New 3. " Corporate performance meets expectations, taking into account the growth of the company 500 tonnes/year of ancillary enzyme q10, 30,000 tonnes/year of vc and 100,000 tonnes/year of ecstasy are being tested
The state of the car, the growing abundance of the product lines, will further enhance the company’s competitiveness in the field of nutrition, and the advantages of the integrated development of the multi-producer categories will become more apparent. The fragrance plate will continue to expand the company’s future product.
Classes, the business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as new production becomes available. The new material plate, which currently has 15,000 tonnes/year of pps and 1,000 tonnes/years of ppa, is planned to add 15,000 tonnes/years of pps and 9,000 tonnes/years of pa in the future, as the capacity is released gradually.
In addition, companies are investing more than 10 billion dollars in the construction of the new CEP, and there is great potential for future growth. We believe that, as the company’s product lines become richer and the industrial chain improves, the company’s cyclical attributes will weaken, and it is likely that it will become an integrated solution.
Guo Quan, one of the leaders of the fine chemical industry, has a strong market position and pricing power in many products, we Chenyi3@gjzq.com.cn
Product price falls: new projects are not as fast as expected: demand falls Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averages the final rating as average market investment