Health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences have continued to grow at a very high rate, with a new growth in second-stage test production of pyre amino acid: the company released its mid-2020 report and earned $5.29 billion in business income in the first half of the year.
Billion dollars, Shandong's net profit of $426 million. 1. Vitamin ups and ups and ups and ups, leading to higher performance.
New material operations have been able to achieve stability in new applications to achieve higher prices for products. New and semi-annual reports (002001) New and semi-annual reviews: vitamins a, vitamin e, biogenesis, etc.
In the second quarter of 2020, the average cost of vitamin a (500,000 iu/g) was $495 per kilogram, compared to that of Shinzu (002001), the average price of " New and 19 years of Pacific Chemical " , 24.88 yuan per kilogram, compared to 32 per cent, ring ratio + 20 per cent.
Reported and evaluated in the 21st Quarter: Improved Vitamin Competing Patterns and Double Demand and Demand. Oligopoly controls and checks in time to raise overall product prices. Vitaminee performance is expected to continue to improve in the 2nd quarter - 2020/04/28
New Sino-Satu (002001) New Sino-Pacific Chemical Depth: 200 million investment projects to build up the company's growth potential.
Industry leaders in fine chemical industries, 10 billion investment growth - 2020/04/11 The annual production line of 100,000 tons of PP2 has been put into trial production.
In the medium term, there are a large number of new projects, including new materials, vitamins, and fragrances.
By the end of the second quarter of 2020, the company ' s ongoing construction amounted to $6,227 million and its post-partum delivery was a potential long-term perspective, with its capacity-building consistent with strategic planning and continued integration.
A strategy of ranking, scaling, taking the direction of chemosynthetic and biomaft development, with key intermediates as support points for achieving technological synergies and market agreements to meet the diverse needs of downstream customers
In the same vein, to increase market share, increase profitability, and achieve long-term growth through the cycle. 3. Profit predictions and ratings are to be found in the immediate areas of nutrition and medicine, such as Zhejiang, Shandong and Heilongjiang Zhenziang.
The base has a large number of investment projects under construction, large space for growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.