Taking advantage of market opportunities, good corporate performance, adequate development of dynamic energy, new and emerging (002001.sz) 28/08/2020
• The volume of vitamin products has risen substantially, with the company ' s net return to the mother in 2020 having increased by 91.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In 2020, the value of products such as h1,va,ve, and biomass had risen in full measure, and the company seized market opportunities and realized operating income of $5.290 billion (+36.79 per cent on a year-on-year basis) and net profit to the mother in 2002 was 2,212 million (+91.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis).
• The recent decline in the price of the subsistence market, and it is recommended that close attention be paid to the progress of procurement, both within and outside the country.
On the one hand, there has been a drop in demand in the traditional season and, after three consecutive months of decline, the price of vitamins has recently stopped warming. On the other hand, according to information from the Begawa moor, domestic and foreign production stoppages and overhauls have been released, and traders are waiting to report; on the other hand, there has been a decrease in low market prices and an increase in the number of active downstream replenishments and enquiries.
Market purchases were active. As of 27 August, the national product, va, ve, biotic, ecstasy was reported as 435.00, and the product structure of the diversified product had grown dynamic energy, and the company performed well and developed sufficient dynamic energy. Currently, the company ' s new production replacement project in Shandongve was put into steady operation; 50,000 tons of ecstasy was fully produced.
Discount, the additional 100,000 tons of solid eggs have been put into trial production; the Heilongjiang fermentation project has been piloted and planned; the company update report - vitamin quantity is fully priced; steady progress is being made, loads are rising and the company has enriched the water soluble vitamin varieties; new materials are being used for new applications.
We continue to look after the company, which has a great advantage in terms of its material content, technology, markets, and industrialization processes.
The company’s first coverage report – building a comprehensive mix of future dynamic energy. Multiplicity of product mixes with growth dynamics, context of continuous improvement in supply and demand patterns.
Under this, it is our belief that companies will use the combined effect of the market for nutrients to create a global conglomerate of nutrients.