Researchchand developmentcenter Hpv vaccine release to drive high performance growth
The Hpv vaccine release on October 27, 2021, drove high growth in performance.
One billion yuan, +158.08%. Of this, 1,632 million yuan, +116.01%, net profit for mothers + 467 million, +109.39%, net profit for non-repatriate mothers \triangleright 462 million \triangleright
Billion dollars, +124.86% of the year, with high performance growth, with a two-priced Hpv vaccine as the main source of contribution. From April’s approval of the pre-enforced product line and July’s expansion of the production capacity of the Silin bottle, the total public price Hpv vaccine capacity has been expanded to 30 million units/year, with batches issued starting in the third quarter.
Upgraded. Based on the distribution information and historical data forecast of the Central Court of Central Review, q1, q2 and q3 were issued in 17, 28, 91 cases, with a significant increase in the number of individual quarterly issuances, with a total of 136 batches issued in the previous three quarters at the second price of Hpv seedlings, with an estimated volume of more than 6 million.
The company’s second-price Hpv vaccine batch distribution and sales will continue to grow. Multi-factor catalyticly, the second-priced Hpv vaccine will continue to be released. 1. The country’s Hpv vaccine is in greater demand and will not be available for \triangleright.
The market is growing rapidly and has great potential. 2. The company ' s second-price Hpv seedlings are less expensive than imported products, cover a wide range of age, and have two vaccinations for people aged 9-14 years. The sex ratio is very clear. 3. Stepmon City and Inner Mongolia ' s Parager flag refer to female students around 14 years of age.
The province of Guangdong plans to fund $600 million in 2022-2024 to provide free-of-charge Hpv vaccinations for first-time female students under the age of 14 years and is expected to be in more cities in the future.
The company's second-price hpv vaccine has been pre-certified by WHO, and the product will be exported overseas, opening up a wider market for release.
The third dose of clinical on-site vaccination, which is expected to be the first nationally produced Hpv vaccine; The RfD is in the 111th clinical trial stage; the new RfDO is already running 11 clinical trials (vzv-7d); and the 20-priced Pneumococcal combination vaccine is available.
Bed tests are approved. The company is working on the project and will gradually enter the harvest period, and the products will be marketed with the hope of significantly increasing the company’s performance. \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd. 73/54/42x.
The risk factor is: Hpv vaccine promotion and sales are below expectations and product development is below expectations. \triangleright \triangleright
Jo Yah-hyun, member of the team, Master of Chemistry at the University of Xian Transport, joined the Sindh Portfolio in 2021, and was employed as a Cdmo, Medical Discharge, Li Yu-Ten, member of the team, and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Medical Sciences. Five years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMeriel, Baker Mankulte (Dannah Group) and had a great deal of experience in the business.
Stewardin, a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, Shanghai Transport University, worked in clinical corowork at ppccca and paraexel, adding a credit card in 2021 for research in the cxo industry. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.