(c) Events: three quarterly reports issued by companies with revenue of 3,596 million yuan (+124.9 per cent) in the previous three quarters;
Strong market-extension capacity has been boosted, with two-price hpv market demand released and high performance growth. Company q3 is about $1.05 billion in the first quarter, and ivd is about $1.6 billion in revenue. Based on the ruling that based on release data disclosed by the Central Court of Justice, we expect a two-price hpv batch to be issued in January-September.
Hpv is in high demand and is expected to sell q3 of the same quantity as the batch, with 3 million total equity/flow (million shares) projected to be safe (pre-enforced + July 21 + new cylin bottle production line approved, company price hpv 2
Total capacity of the 12-month maximum/minimum seedlings to reach 30 million units/year. Given the current low level of Hpv vaccination penetration and increased market penetration, market demand for 2-price hpv is released and sold throughout the 21-year period
Vantaa (603392) Hpv is expected to be more than 8 million at a price. Strong technology platforms, scarce Vlps vaccine technology platforms, heavy-pound varieties are just heavy-pound technology.
Vantaa Biologicals (603392) "Performing expectations, natural results of the platform." The vlps platform can bring better vaccines, company-specific large intestine, two-priced hpv production expansion.
The nuclear vlps vaccine system of the fungus, combined with the immunoplasm of the virus sampled particle 2021/04/22, with high safety features and breaking through the key technique of the original expression of protein particle assembly.
Based on this system, hepatic vaccines have been placed on the market, cost 2 hpv, price 9 hpv (three issues), rotational virus vaccines (granting power to Sanofi), and a new generation of Hpv vaccines (in collaboration with gsk).
The fastest nine-priced hpv, the third dose of clinical inoculation, the initiation of a non-poor evaluation experiment with a competitive vaccine. Investment proposal: the company built a virus sample of a scarce nuclear expression system for Bacillus intestinal.
The vaccine technology platform, which broke through the critical technical challenge of the original nuclear expression protein particle assembly, reached the perfect combination of production efficiency and immuno-effects. In addition to the publicly available hepatitis vaccine and the second-priced cervical cancer vaccine, the platform ' s nine-priced cervical cancer vaccine is undergoing three clinical trials and is being deployed.
The new generation of cervical cancer vaccines and rotavirus vaccines.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.