Domestic recovery/export acceleration/electric additions, looking up at the poles, research assistant Yang Wai-ging, full chain coverage of commercial vehicles, core focus heavy-card hair, and a complete intellectual system.
Under the umbrella of the group, the commercial car business owner, which in 2020 held 83 per cent of the company ' s shares through asset swaps, issued a company equity incentive scheme in early 2021, with market shares, profit acceleration, etc. as a core indicator, harmonized management interests, and driven the company to the best.
1) Business dimensions: companies have complete manufacturing systems ranging from gross raw materials to core parts, from critical aggregates to full-cars. 2) Financial dimensions: factors such as the build-up of card plates since 2020, continuous decline in corporate revenue and pressure on performance since 2020
The Māori ratio in the main vehicle camp has remained stable at around 10%, and continues to push for cost control, reducing efficiency gains, and is expected to increase at a high rate in the future as the industry recovers with a warmer recovery. The product/technology/supply chain/channel layout is well developed, and the strong bottom is firmly entrenched as a leader.
End: Liberating has a series of seven main products: towed, loaded, unloaded, specialized, new energy sources, light cards, passenger cars, and since 2020, companies have maintained a steady 20% or more of the first echelon level in the middle-carat sector in the country. 2) At the technological level: the current emancipation has long youth, Qingjima, tin-free and Austria's four largest.
R & D Centre, with complete autonomous R & D systems for forward-looking technology, engines, transformers, bridges to the whole vehicle; 3) supply chain end: liberation of five full-scale, three full-scale, tin-free / Dalian main-focused diesel engines with capacity of 24.4/169,000 each in 2022; Changchun
Base stationing bridges and speed transformers, with capacity of 73/330,000 in 2022; five full-scale vehicle production bases covering the entire commercial sector, including Changchun, Qingjia, Lew County, Chengdu and Fuoshan, with a combined coverage of 99 per cent in 2022; and active expansion of overseas markets, with more than 80 countries and 300 households.
▪ Actively transforms smart power in line with industrial trends. Companies continue to re-engineer electric intelligence, surrounding technological routes such as pure/changed power, mixed power, fuel cells, etc.
Products, with differentiated product combinations covering specialized vehicles, dump trucks, trucks, etc.; smart logistics operations, innovative models for operating profit-making; and the creation of subsidiaries such as Suzhou ' s Science and Technology, to speed up the breakthrough in the digitalized market and artificial intelligence.
The company’s commercial vehicle whole-chain coverage, new energy growth and expected higher performance are expected, and we believe that companies should enjoy a higher valuation premium, cover for the first time, and give a “buy-in” rating.
1.1. In the area of deep-farming commercial vehicles, full-fledged chain coverage of the whole industry is achieved by a car-free car company owned by China ' s First Automobile Company Ltd. and a fully-owned subsidiary of a company with limited shares in the company, established on 18 January 2003 as a company for the manufacture of medium, heavy and light trucks and passenger vehicles
After 70 years of development, a gas emancipation has a complete manufacturing system, ranging from gross raw materials to core parts, from critical aggregates to whole cars. In 1953, a cornerstone factory, in 1956, the first truck went offline, in 2003 the Emancipation Company was formed, in 2020, and in almost 70 years of development, the “liberated” truck has changed through seven generations of products and accumulated production.
The development of the product of a gas emancipated can be divided into two phases: 1) 1956-2018: in 1956, the first national production truck, ca10, drove off the production line after 60 years of development, and the company ' s heavy card product was upgraded; in 2018, the company ' s strategy released the seventh generation of emancipation on the market, and as of November 2018, the company was offline with its 7 million liberation trucks.
2) 2019 - To date: Freeing a new stream of positive technological and industrial innovations and new energy and intelligence. The company convened a meeting of the Free Eco-partners, launching the Columbus Smart Logistics Open Initiative, creating joint ventures such as the Suzhou Science and Technology Limited, Fish Rapids and Smart Technology (Nanjing) Ltd., and setting up the New Energy Department, which aims to launch the new energy industry.
One-Breath Free Motors Ltd. has 20 functional units with New Energy, Qingjia, Qingjia, Qingjia, Qinghua, Quantico, 3 lines of production; 3 lines of products such as medium and heavy vehicle product lines, light vehicle product lines; 2 specialized plants at trucking and Chengdu plants; 10 participating companies, 6 wholly-owned subsidiaries, with shares in Changchun, Tianjin, South
The cities of Kyoto, Suzhou, Fuoshan, Shanghai, etc., form the five full-scale vehicle bases of Changchun, Qingjia, Chengdu, Liu, Fushan, the three main main bases of Changchun, Tin, Dalian, and the five new business bases of Suzhou, Nanjing, Tianjin, Ishijia and Fuoshan, as well as the global R & D layout with Changchun as the global R & D headquarters.
Table 1: Emancipation organization structure: Emancipation of Qingjia Automotive Co. Ltd., Emancipation of Qingjima Co. Ltd., Emancipation of Dalian Diesels Co. Ltd., Emancipation of Austria R & D Ltd., Emancipation of New Energy Motors Marketing Co. Ltd., etc.
Of these, one Qingjia Motors Company Ltd. was built in 2014 and produced mainly jj6, j6f, v series, with a capacity of 200,000 in 2022.
Auxiliary products and technical services already have the capacity to produce 2,500 re-manufacturing engines per year in one shift. 1 Large Company Diesel Company Ltd. was established in 2007 to assemble, manufacture, develop, market wood oil engine products, provide after-sale services and engineering support for diesel engine products, and engage in diesel engine production
Other activities related to goods, exports and imports of goods, exports and imports of technology, with an annual output of 169,000 units in 2022. 1.2. Centralization of shares, State-owned holdings to guarantee a stable and sustainable operation. 1.2.1. The real holdings of the National Investment Commission are transferred to the market through the exchange of assets.
One of the freeing shares is highly concentrated, and the State Finance Committee of the State Council actually holds the shares. One of the freeings went to the market on May 20, 2020, when the asset swap (formerly a car) was made public in a deep-off stock, and after the replacement was completed, the company-held shareholder, China's First Car, Inc., held 83.41% of the shares, and the effective control was held by the State Finance Committee of the State Council.
East One shares 65.79 per cent, and second-largest one-stakes owner, Bentham Car Limited, 1.2.2. Equity incentives to bind middle-level backbones, to highlight development confidence. Equity incentive schemes are geared towards core talent, to enhance cohesion, and to boost morale.
At $7.54, the equity incentive scheme awarded a limited stock of 40,987,000 shares to 319 middle-level managers and core business technicians, representing 0.8813% of the company’s total shares at the time of the announcement. The purpose of this equity incentive scheme is to demonstrate the company’s confidence in its future development.
In terms of the enhancement of asset profitability in the core focus of future development goals, the domestic share of heavy card products in the company ' s main business and the rate of increase in net profits, individual-level appraisal criteria have been set up to determine whether 33 middle-level managers and core business technicians have given restricted shares of 3.7216 million shares, representing the company ' s share at the time of the announcement.
In 2020, the company completed a major asset restructuring, changing its main business to a business-wide R & D, production, and sale. Despite a certain decline in the domestic economy, including the impact of the new crown epidemic, the country has been quick and effective in terms of the new crown epidemic.
Controlling, and implementing a series of favourable policies such as consumer-driven consumption, has been a powerful boost to commercial car market demand, driven by factors such as the phase-out of the country’s cars, overcrowding and capital investment. Commercial car sales have increased significantly throughout the year, and a single-breath emancipation has benefited from increased demand in the sector, achieving a higher yield of $113,681 million.
In 2021, as a result of a local epidemic, consumption recovered less than expected, there was a shortage of vehicles, prices and demand in the industry, and a shortage of chips had a greater impact on the supply side of the automobile industry, with a fall in corporate revenue. In 2022, the commercial car industry further declined, investment was weakened, domestic consumption continued to weaken, roads were weakened.
The negative growth in freight turnover and the weakening of macroeconomic expectations led to a significant reduction in demand in the commercial car market, resulting in a sharp decline in revenue from the liberation in 2022. The rate of free Māori sales has been increasing since the restructuring.
The rate was 10.07 per cent, an increase of 0.87 pct for the same year; in 2022, as a result of macroeconomic downside factors, the sales of Māori fell to a prospect of a rapid recovery in corporate revenue.
In 2020, one gas emancipation factored freight costs into operating costs, sales costs went down, increased interest income led to lower financial costs and lower overall prior-period costs.
2. Commercial vehicle products are fully covered and technologically continuous formation is a high barrier 2.1. Product ends: seven product series cover heavy, medium, light, guest four areas. One single emancipate has towed, loaded, unloaded, dedicated, new energy, light truck, passenger vehicle seven product series.17,
14 truck product platforms such as Eagle Road, j6v, jh6, j6p cover three main areas: medium and light. In the area of heavy cards, there are six product platforms: j7, Eagle Road, jh6, j6v, j6p, Humveev; in the area of medium card, there are four product platforms: j6g, j6l, jk6, Dragon v; in the area of light card, there are four product platforms: lead, tiger, tiger, j6f, tigerv; and in the area of passenger bus collars.
In the area, there are traditional road vehicles, new-energy road vehicles, new-energy buses, Land Cruisers, etc.
In 2015-2021, the heavy-carat sector went up the cycle, with a heavy year of emancipation, with sales falling to 12,560, and the CSA caliber market down to 18.7%.
In 2022, in the face of the huge collapse of the commercial car market, a combination of risk challenges, timely restructuring of the company’s business strategy and expansion of its terminal share.
Reduction of inventory pressure, defusing of channel risks, and achievement of steady progress and improvement. 2020-2022 Beidou data. Market end shares of heavy-card companies, in descending order, were 22.0%, 23.7%, and 25.7%, steadily increasing, always leading commercial business. The Māori rate of commercial vehicle operations remained stable.
Production and marketing of vehicles, Māori ratio of commercial vehicles increased from 9.69 per cent in 2020 to 10.51 per cent in 2021, compared to Figure 14: One gas to free different types of commercial vehicle markets 2.2. Technical end: full self-research of power core technologies, accelerated growth of new energy intelligence
Continued high levels of R & D inputs have created a technological chain of excellence. Research and development inputs have been increasing, sustaining the technological advantages of companies. Since 2020, firms have been increasing their R & D inputs, building core R & D teams through years of technological development and experience to ensure the transmission and innovation of their technologies.
The company has built a strong and complete autonomous research and development system for forward-looking technology, engines, transformers, bridges to the whole of the vehicle, forming an efficient collaborative research and development team of more than 2,000 people. It has built a low-carbon, information, intelligence, electrodynamic, high-quality technology platform, the "4-high" technology platform, to master the world.
In recent years, by approximating the breakdown of demand in the market, a gas-free process has succeeded in creating system-efficient, oil-changing, light-quantified, autonomous aggregates, autonomous power control, back-to-back processing, new energy sources, intelligent driving, long-term security, and not preserving the technical advantages of 10 core products in a dynamic market.
In the first phase, the engine is always autonomous. At this stage, the main feature of the engine of emancipation is its introduction and gradual elimination.
Phase II. Power chain. On July 15, 2007, a single gas-free first heavy truck, which is actually a 6-point line, was equipped with 13 litres of 6dn engines, gear tanks and bridges, which were developed entirely by a single gas. Phase III, power area. On April 18, 2018, a single gas-free replacement product, J7, officially offline, j7, at the top of the industry.
The secondary realization of the power domain electrical control system ecu (electronic controller), tcu (end controller), vcu (area controller) is fully autonomous, highlighting the characteristics of the power domain, such as integrated power systems control. Phase IV, Unlocking the Wisdom Field. On July 13, 2021, a steam-free truck released a brand of a new intelligent power domain.
Four research and development bases support the continuous development of their products. Changchun - Commercial Motors Development Institute is responsible for the free development of light vehicles, smart network cars, new energy vehicles and related aggregates, parts and components; Qingdao - CYC is the main building for the construction of new research and development buildings, test centres, test centres, and accompanying public power facilities; and tin-free forward technologies.
The Institute is mainly engaged in technology research and product development, such as engine energy-efficient emission reduction, power-controlled fuel injection systems, and has achieved major breakthroughs and international leadership in the power-control co-orbiting system; the main business of the Austrian-avl R & D centre is commercial vehicle-wide and total R & D, testing and testing, while also incorporating new energy vehicle technology and smart driving technology.
With regard to new energy sources, one gas release revolved around three technological routes: pure power/exchange, mixed power, fuel cells, and the development of nearly 70 new energy products, with the introduction of j6p pure electric dump vehicles, jh6 pure electric tractors, and j6l fuel cell loads.
The upgrading of new energy products, such as vehicles, j6p hybrid power tractors, is accelerating.
In the case of smart cars, a JFL head logistics company conducted a super-car trial operation and initiated autonomy.
j6vl2+/l3 product validation to speed up surplus line control chassis stockings. Car connection t-box 2.0 full-line switching; stock vehicle network card authentication; superapp map desktop theme function development with first-time matching j101, j167 Type of vehicle: digital key-loading j167 to complete basic service platform construction and full-function control: new energy blue route
Freedom of movement layout on line; smart diagnostics leading to the first full-scale, smart diagnostic service in a commercial vehicle. 2.3. Supply chain end: three major self-generated, well-developed, productive, one full-scale, three full-fledged, from raw materials to core parts, and one critical
The country's most complete manufacturing system, with processing depths at the top of the industry. 2.3.1. Three main bases for production of core focus parts are located in Changchun, Tinless and Dalian, respectively.
In addition, the Changchun factory has 218 production lines, 2902 production equipment, 550,000 axle-foot components, 1.3 million axle poles. The silicon-free diesel factory joined China ' s First Automobile Group Limited in 1992 and has been in operation since 2003.
It's a fully-owned company with three major strains: Owie, Quantius, Jingwei, with 2-16 litres, with a capacity of 110-750 horsepower, and a capacity of 244,000 in 2022, which is world-class manufacturing. It has a diesel plant with two main product lines: platinum, power, 50-320 horsepower, and a capacity of 169,000 in 2022.
2.3.2. The five full-car base provides a stable supply of all vehicles, and the five full-car base is located in Changchun, Qingdao, Willu County, Chengdu and Fushan. The total capacity of the entire vehicle was close to 393,000 vehicles in 2022.
The truck factory (the new factory at the Changchun base) is a free-fired professional factory, formerly the assembly plant and body factory of the first car factory, with a 60-year production history. It was completed in July 2005 and is mainly producing products in the series J7, j6p, j6m, j6l, 2022.
In December 14, 2021, a car-sized smart factory was inaugurated, accounting for 555 million square metres, with a total investment of $1,125 million. The bus factory (a car company for the liberation of Changchun) mainly produced a free passenger vehicle with a capacity of 0.3 million vehicles in 2022.
The Qingdao layout, or the InkZin factory (a Qingjia car company), was built in 2014 and produced mainly jj6, j6f, v series, with a capacity of 200,000 vehicles in 2022.
A small number of the chassiss were equipped with integrated design mainframes, with a capacity of 20,000 vehicles in 2022. The Chengdu layout plant (Cutup Branch) was a free-standing, professional plant with an overall capacity of 20,000 vehicles and a planned capacity of 40,000 vehicles in Guanghan by the end of 2023.
At the end of the year, more than 50,000 production-capacitation classes were planned.
There are 1,311 service providers, 63 ready-made centres and more than 100 ready-made distributors in 261 local municipalities across the country, with a capacity of more than 1,000 municipalities covering 99 per cent, with a national average of 48 km of service radius and leading the industry in overseas markets: 80 countries and territories in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, Africa and Eastern Europe have exported their products.
In nearly 44 countries and territories, there are more than 90 first-level distributors and nearly 300 distributors. In factories, one dissipation group has 13 assembly plants in 11 countries: Viet Nam, Philippines, South Africa, Mexico, Tanzania, Kenya, Nigeria, Uganda, Laos, Cambodia, Pakistan.
The Division has three overseas affiliates each in South Africa, Russia, Tanzania, etc. Export strategy: in upgrading offshore marketing platform services, leveraging the advantages of the domestic emancipation service system, building a “one-stop-to-three” service model in overseas markets, leading domestic service providers to establish service masters and state readiness in key overseas markets
A central repository of services, a network of spare parts, a network of customer services centres, and a full range of security capabilities, such as maintenance, training, and spare parts storage, have been built in 10 countries abroad. Ten more countries are planned for 2023, with full coverage of the export market.
Sellers go out to the sea, establish subsidiaries in overseas markets to build bulk-car-type storage, while accelerating the development of internationalization of emancipated domestic distributors to address the problem of insufficient resources for key market terminals. Currently, the “Four Six” arrangement has been completed, while the radiation effects of South Africa and Tanzania affiliates on African markets have been blown up to 100% of priority overseas market resources.
In 2022, affected by macroeconomic, cyclical, pre-opinion overdrafts, low domestic demand for heavy-card markets, exports contributed to a new point of growth, and the release of a gas from overseas was launched in early 2020 for a short period of time.
Overseas layouts are small in absolute terms and export volumes contribute less to revenue collection, although in terms of products, liberated products are more competitive and export volumes are expected to grow and contribute to performance and growth in line with industrial trends to accelerate the transformation of electric intelligence.
3.1. Creation of differentiated product combinations, with a breakdown of the market ' s mainstream product coverage. In the new energy sector, a gas-free mix of differentiated products, with the introduction of new energy products such as j6p pure electric self-dismantling vehicles, jh6 pure electric tractors, j6l fuel cell vans, j6p hybrid power tractors, etc.
Efficient mix of pure electric power, hybrid power, hydrogen fuel cell vehicle products, complete market segment coverage, new energy truck sales have increased continuously since 2020, with 2,723 in 2022. Revenue from the sale of new energy trucks has also increased from year to year from the end of the harvest, and the sales of new energy trucks account for the total.
The share has also shown an upward trend, rising from 0.15 per cent in 2020 to 2.30 per cent in 2022, and it is expected that the new energy truck operation will form a new growth point in corporate performance as the domestic penetration rate of new energy trucks increases and the demand for new energy truck terminals increases.
Figure 22: Revenue from the sale of new energy trucks and passenger vehicles/Billions of dollars 3.2.5 Built smart cars, car network layouts Industrial innovation: accelerating the roll-out of the Columbus Smart Logistics Open Initiative to build synergies within and outside the emerging industries
Innovative mechanisms to improve eco-circle development. Innovative joint smart car business models to expand the size of commercial landings and achieve intelligence; deep-farming markets to expand the operation of the Four Musketeers, with a cumulative service vehicle of more than 130,000; efforts to accelerate the landing of new eco-products such as used cars, network freight platforms, and second-hand car transactions of over $100 million; and transactions around cold storage and disruption.
The four scenes of blending, dirt and sanitation drive fleet management solutions to the ground. Accelerated resource layout, “era of liberation” intellectual transformation aspects: development of a framework for the implementation of the “1143” intellectual transformation of Liberator, completion of top 4a architecture and transformation blueprints using the Togaf methodology, promotion of information on big data, cloud computing, material networking, etc.
In particular, the company has established five new and emerging companies, such as Smart Cars, Smart Networks, New Energy Business, etc.
Hardware Systems Research and Technology is dedicated to providing customers with complete solutions for intelligent logistics.