♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do that, but you're not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, but I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, but...
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do this, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
Newenergy(nev)buses.amongthetotalevmussalesvolume, c.90% Was researchinganalyst publicuses.accordingtoyutong, itrecordedover 10% yoynevbusvolume
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
A few years ago, the government announced that it would be the first time that it would be able to do so, and that it would be the first time that it would be able to do so, and that it would be the first time that it would be able to do so.
I'm not sure if you're the one who's going to do it, but I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to do it, and I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I'm sorry, the companywillstrivetomaintaintableactivelyprofitabilityofifitsnev usesandextextactparticularmitigatetherealimpactfodothereducednev mussubsadythroughtraisingnet-subsidylingpriceandsimplierlistredaction
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
- 60% of the publictransportationbussold in 2017wereevuses.despitethecutsinevbussuissadyin 2018-20, the companybelievesthat the publicportationfiledwouldstillennment's
Keyindicators(fy1) maincustopromotethecountry'svehicleecturefundure.netdebt/equity(%)
Youtongbelievesotherecentlyannouncednewsubsidypolicyprovidesgreat bookvalue/share (cny) opportunitiestoindustryleaderswithadvancedtechnology, Suchasyutong, to
Price/book(x) Furthgainmarketshareinthenevbusmarket. withasbeeninvestinginnev netestcover(x)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
That majornevmakerssuchasyutongcan probablymitigathisinthelongrun bylowering productioncosts (e.g. batteryandscaleeffects). maintainbuyven ouroptimismonyutong'sincreasingprofitcontractationfromnevbussegment.
Ourtargetpriceisbasedon 14xfy18ep/e (unchanged), c.30% aboveyutong's deutschebankag/hongkong deutschebankdoesandseekbusinesswithcompaniescoveredinsresistributedon: 08/01/20181:27:06gmt
I don't know what you're talking about, awaretthefirstmayaveaconffectortheobjectivityofthismreport.investors should consult thisreportsystemsingleactive.discussionsandanalytestifications worldwideappendix1.mci(p) 083/04/2017. Thecontentmaynettedthepeople's
I don't know what you're talking about.
i) unexpectedchangesin the Chinagovernment'snewenergybussubsbypolicy; 2)weaker-than-expected newenergybusdemand; and 3) marketsharelsinnewenerbuses.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, or what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing.
We're going to have to do it again. We're going to do it again.
08/08/2016 Buy, targetpricechangecny24, 90vincentha, cfa 08/28/2017
We're going to have to do this. We're going to have to do this.
01/04/2017 buy, targetpricechangeecny22, 60feisun, cfa equityratingkey
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold:wetakeatiltview12-montthsoutand, besedonthistimeherizion,donotrecommendeotherabuy newlyissueresearchrecommendationsandtargetprices
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but...
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Ifyouusetheservicesofdeutschebanconnectionwith apurchaseorsaleofasesuritythisdiscussedinthisithreport, orisincludortissedinother company (oralorwritten) fromadeutschebankanalyst, deutschebankmay activesprincipalforitsownacountorasengfororanootherson.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm going to be introspective. deutschebankissesavarietofresearchproducts, includingfundamentalanalysis, equity-linked analysis, quantientativeanalysisandtradeideas.commenationscontaininedinetypeofcompunificationmayiffer from recommendationscontaininides, hetheotherasalestofifferiffertimehorizons, methodogies, perspectivates
I don't know, ortherwise.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliatesmayalsobeholdingdebtorequitysecuritiesoftheissiersitwries on.alystsarepaidinpartasedontheprofibilityofdeutschebankandandsaffiliates, whichincludesinvesting banking, tradingandprincipaltrainingrevenues.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
And with deutschebanksalespersonsandtraders, tradingstratégesoridehatreferencedatalystsoreventsthatmay have anaear-termormedium-termimpacton themarketpriceofthesecuritiesdiscussedinthrisk
I don't know what you're talking about, here in.deutschenkhankhasnoobligationtoupdate, modifluoroportortootherwiwisentifyarepicietheofifififififfanopinion,forcastorestimaticsorcessorsorceorcuate.coverageandthefrencofchangesinmarketkeyconditionsandinbothgeneräpany-specificconomic prospecetsmäkeidirectivetoupdateresearchcased.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The deutschebankresearchpartmentistindependorofotherbusinessdivisionsofthebank.detailsregarding organisationalalarrangementsandinformation
It's not like you're the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency, but you're the only one who's ever been in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and (iii) currencesmaybesubjectvoluationoverment-imposedexhangecontrols, which should affect thevalueofthecurrence.investsinsecuriuschasadrs, whosevaluesareoffectedby thecurrencenyofan undercovering security, effactivelyassememrecurencyrisk.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, it's just that I'm not the only one who's going to do it, but it's the only one who's going to do it.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it for me, and you're going to have to do it for me.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Automobiles & components yutongbus germany: appliedand/ordriedbydeutschebankag, ajoinstockcorporation wlititedlibilitycolpolated
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's in the middle of it, but you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's in the middle of it, and you're the one who's the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm just saying, I'm just saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
4444.itisrestered by the securitiesandexchangaboardofindia(sebi)astockbrokerbearingregistration nos.: nse (capitalmarketsegment)-inb 231196834, nse (f&osegment) inf23119834, nse (currencedélivatives segment)ine 23119834, bse (capitamalketsetsegment) inb0111196830; mechantbankerbearingsedirectation
No. no. no.: inm00100000108researchedanalybyringsebiredirectionno. :inh00001741.deiplmayvereveveveveveveveveveveveveverevendofmetthesebiforbreachesofofindicadianregulations.thetransmissionofmissionofresearchoughdreipl isdeutschebank'sdeterminationandwillnotmakearecipientaclietofdeipl.deutschebankand/oritsaffiliate(s)
I don't know what you're talking about, mayhavebtholdingsorpositionsinthesubject company.
iifinancialinstrumentsfirmsassociation and thefinancialfuturesassociationofjapan.commissionsandksinvolved instocktransactions-forstocktransactions,wechargestockcommissionsandconsumptiontaxbymultiplying the transactionamountby thecommmissionrateagreedwitheachcustomer.stocktransactionsscanscandtossasaresault
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, registered credentializationsinjapanlessesjapanesjapanor'nippon'specipialdisdatedinthenameoftheity.portsonjapaneselistcompaniesnotwrittenbysorfsorverewerittenbydeutschebankgroup'sanalyswith the coveragecompaniespeciedbydsi.someoftheforeignsecuritiesstatesstateshandactionalatedaboutsacretdiscordering
I don't know if you're the only one who's got a job, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's not the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
Southafrica: deutschebankagjohannesburgirgisincorporatedinthefederalrepublicicofgermany (branchregister numberinsouthafrica:1998/003298/10).
(onerafflesquay#18-00southtowersingapore048583, +6564238001), whichmaycontainres permutation, orinconnectionwith,thisreport.whoethissuiedorpromulgaedbydeutsche bankinsingapotoapersonwhoisnostanacredidevevetor, expertinvestoorinstitutionalinvestor (asdefininedinthe)
The yaccuptlegalresponsibilitytosuchpersonsforitscontents. automobiles & components yutongbus
I'd like to thank you for your help, my friend, for your help, for your help, and for your help, for your help, for your help, and for your help.
I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Qatar: deutschebankingtheqatarfintilcióncentre (registeredno.00032) isregulatedbytheqatarfinalcentre regulatoriathority.deutschebankag-qfbranchmayundertertakeonlythefinancialservicesactivivitiesthatfallfallwithin the scopeofofralicense.itspirincipalplaceofplaceofbusinessintheqfffc:qatarfinalcentre, tower, west
I'm sorry, level5, pobox 14928, doha, qatar.thisformation hasbeendistributed bydeutschebankag.related financial productsorservicesreonlyavailableontobusinesscustomers, asdefinedbythe qatarfinalregionalregularity.
russia: theinformation, internationalandopinionssubmittedhereinarenotinthecontetextof, anddonotconstitute, any appraisalevarealactionrequiringalidenseinthianfidesfederation. kingdomofsaudiarabia:deutschecuritissaudialarbiallcompany (registeredno.07073-37)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
International financialcentre, the Gatevillage, building 5, Pobox 504902, dubai, u.a.e.theinformationhasbeen destruburedbydeutschebankag.relatedfinancianproductsorservicesrevalableonlytoprofessionalcents, as definedbythedubainanciancialeservicesanity.
Australiaandnewzealand: thoseresearchchisintendonlyfor "wholesalecliants" with the Australiancorporal Corporationsactivitynewzealandfinciancialdvisorsact, actively.pleasefertoaustralia-specific whereresearchresearchrestoanninalproducesproducesproduce
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, my friend, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, Michael Spencer headofapacresearch globalchiefoperating officer.
♪ Headofamericasresearch grobalheadofeconomics research ♪
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
♪ daveclark pamfinelli globalheadof ♪
Headofema headofapac globalheaf
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Globalheadofquantitative headofresearch-germany and qisresearch
International Productions deutschebankag deutschebankag
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. Filialehonggong 2-11-1 nagatacho InternationalCommercecentre.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do it again, but I don't think I'm going to be able to do it again.
1 austinroadwest, kowloon, germany longkong
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.