In January, 4,272 vehicles were sold, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent, and the ring increased by 67.5 per cent; of these, 2,079 were sold, the same number.
In January, the sales opened, and we believe that it was influenced by three factors: first, the change in spring time, last spring, the low sales base in January, and last spring, in February; and secondly, the projected partial target at the end of last year, which compares the Unit with the trend of Deep 300.
Although it is expected that this year’s subsidy rates will be reduced, the official draft is not available, and the subsidy is being implemented in accordance with the old policy.
The company sold nearly 1,000 new energy buses in January, less than 100 in the same period last year as a result of policy changes; the subsidy test was further tightened in 2018 and the policy's strong orientation was evident; the company led other businesses and, in its recommended catalogue of vehicles in December 2017, applied for approval for 22 of the largest number of vehicles and multi-products.
In addition, companies, unlike other passenger-car enterprises, are expected to receive the second instalment of approved subsidy funds in previous years, based on accounting prudence.
Research Assistant: Jang Dongdong, guided by policies to hide the truth, to foster excellence, to continue to increase the penetration rate of new energy public transport, and to develop new technologies.
The energy seat passenger vehicle penetration rate has gradually increased, looking at the competitiveness and long-term development of the company’s products. Taking into account the impact of the new energy source bus subsidy accounts receivable billing, the downward revisions in 2017, 2018, eps in 2019 were $1.49, 1.82 and 2.10, respectively, corresponding to 15-fold, 12-fold and 11-fold ratings, maintaining the “very recommended” rating.
Quantum: The year-end rush has continued to change the apparent product structure. Quantum: the number of people is higher than the steady increase in the number of new energy buses. Quantification: the volume of new energy buses sold is yoy 17% o4.
Figure 1: Monthly sales of Woo-tung passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles)
Figure 2: Year-on-year increase in monthly sales of buses (in %) Figure 3: Year-on-year sales of passengers (in %) Figure 4: Year-on-month sales of passengers (in %)
Figure 5: Monthly passenger sales (in units of vehicles) Figure 6: Monthly passenger sales in units of speed (in units of vehicles) Figure 7: Monthly sales in units of light passenger sales (in units of vehicles)
Figure 8: Year-on-year growth in light monthly sales (in vehicles)
In 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced or influenced by any third party.