2021q3 to the e-bust season with continuous enhancement of hardboard capacity
• 2021q3 to the consumer electronics industry chain during the boom season, maintaining an “uptake” rating of $1.05 billion net profit, yoy + 77.9% net profit of $1.02 billion net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother. We maintain the profit from the core suppliers of the soft board, continue to benefit from the expansion and enhancement of the soft board market in the future, with technological strength and skills.
• 2021q3 consumer e-applications drive up capacity use, diversify the number and end of the product, and the company receives a boom from new core client releases and increases the rate of mobile crop activity as the client market rises
In addition, the technical skills of corporate hardboard products are becoming increasingly visible. On the one hand, the classboard programme, which continues to be applied to the mobile phones and smart watch products of core clients, is expected to expand to innovative terminals such as ar/vr, combining the production capacity of corporate soft boards with solutions.
Programmatic advantages are evident; on the other hand, core client Miniled ' s product has been expanded from ipad to laptop cerebrals, with companies holding high-end cards and benefiting from higher product penetration rates. The company continues to plant capacity and push forward the high-level plant layout, with 2021q3 capital spending at $7.24 billion, yoy+50.8 per cent.
Soft board and hardboard power are expected to cut into automobiles, and companies choose to grow up with the best clients in the industry, as well as in the car sector. The expansion of capacity goes hand-in-hand with technological upgrading, and the first phase of the Taiwan-Taiwan fpc project continues to build up softboard power and is expected to be in Bms.
In the field of hardboards, companies move to the product, Corporate Information Updates 2021q2 Quarters, applications and product structures are diversified, downstream applications are used in the field of military servers and auto electronics.
Profit pressure, softboard and hardboard upgrading trends are still going on. adas auto-drives are moving into the sampling phase with a medium-controlled circuit board, and the adas camera module is stabilizing its output.
"Corporate Update - Core Client Order."
"O3's profit is disturbed by the delay in the season" -