Wally Group (300979.sz)
(a) Benefiting from downstream customer replenishments and high customer structure, with full orders this year, pre-enhancement of income and net profits in the first half of the year, high corporate customer structure, and sustained outreach and capacity expansion. In 2023, downstream brands went to stock to cut down on suppliers in large numbers.
The company ' s 2023 annual income fell significantly better than that of its peers, and took the lead in four quarters in achieving positive growth in the volume and income of orders; the volume and income of orders increased further in the first quarter of this year, with a significant increase in the Māori rate and net interest rates. In recent years, the company has continued to print the logic of the growth of its share, regardless of industry demand.
Both sex and company capacity expansion is expected to restore a more resilient reserve for future demand, with an increase of about two plants per year, a medium- and long-term expansion of the market share of the company benefiting from the completion of the replenishment phase by downstream brand clients this year, and the growth in new customer contributions by high-quality corporate customer structures, deep binding with older clients, and sustained expansion. According to performance forecasts, the firm’s orders have been full this year. In the first half of this year, as the company’s new clients work together continues to progress.
The base for the second quarter is therefore relatively high; while the net interest rate was higher than the usual level in the last two quarters, and the projected net interest rate for the second quarter of this year was lower than before, owing to the strict control of prior-period costs and the contribution of exchange earnings. Therefore, based on the impact of the fluctuations in the base for the single quarter, figure XI: the company ' s semi-annual income and changes
Figure 2: Quarterly corporate income and changes
Figure 5: Quarterly parent net profits and changes in companies
At the end of last year, core brand clients were largely de-stocked: the company’s top five clients, Nike, deeckers, vf, puma, ua, had been in stock for about a year, five brands had experienced a significant decline in stock in the third to fourth quarters of 2023, and Nike had made significant progress towards the end of the year.
Apparently, Nike and deeckers have a sales ratio of less than 1.8. In terms of growing brands, deeckers continue to perform well, while other items such as Nike have slowed down in the short term, but based on this year’s replenishment requirements and deep partnership with Wally, Wally’s brand orders are expected to be significantly higher than the brand’s self-empowerment, and Wally’s high-intensity sharp, high-run and other sub-client orders are growing rapidly.
During the second quarter of the year, the performance was positive, and the outlook for the second half of the year was positive: in the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of Yumoto, Jiqiang, Qi Qi Qi, Ji Hong, the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter was better than in the first quarter, with a single month of fluctuations and a double-digit increase in the sixth quarter of Chi Qiang, Ji hong, Dong Yong-hyung, and the second half of June of the year, the first year of the same decline in the harvest, mainly affected by the Red Sea crisis and delays in the shipping period, and the delivery of goods in June was expected to be delayed by over $100 million, but orders were expected for the second half of the year.
It will be better than in the first half of the year, with double-digit growth throughout the year; Confucius is equally optimistic about the second half of the year’s orders.
In recent years, companies have continued to demonstrate the logic of their share growth, regardless of the industry’s demand climate. Short-term stock-taking with downstream brand clients, with firm orders and performance growth in 2024. Medium- and long-term growth and certainty combined, and expansion of company capacity to restore reserves to future demand are expected to be more resilient.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.