Wally Group (300979.sz) - 24h1 double-priced performance is positive and profitability continues to improve.
\triangleright 24h1 equals 29% increase in net profit for mothers, and profits are at the upper limit of the forecast area. 24h1 achieves revenues of 11.47 billion yuan, i.e. + 24.5% for the same year; 1.880 billion yuan net profit for mothers, i.e. +29.0% for the same year; 1.850 billion net profit for non-mothers.
The high growth in capacity utilization highlights the speed with which orders are being repaired and future expansion plans are still in place. 1) The high growth in capacity utilization, driven by the resumption of orders by \triangleright 24h1 and the collaborative push of new clients, has recovered rapidly from 87 per cent of 23-year-old reports
Up to 97 per cent, orders were restored at a faster pace; 2) rate fluctuations during the period, with management rate increases resulting from a downward trend in the company's performance; loss on exchange due to exchange rate fluctuations; increase in income tax fees due to net profit growth and an increase in the share of the Hong Kong subsidiary to the parent company; 3) expansion is expected to stabilize, with the company's 24h1 pair of two shoe mills and one.
\triangleright alpha resonance with beta boosts the company’s orders, and clients’ structural changes drive them up.
The growth in company future orders is mainly due to: 1) industry development and the end of the downstream branding cycle; 2) growth is expected to absorb the demand for new customers compared with the expected start-up of a new shoe-fixing factory and its future start-up. At the end of the end of the paragraph, the structural restructuring of the Department’s clients has driven an increase in the number of substitute shoe-laying products, which is expected to boost performance.
\triangleright Profit Forecasts and Valuations: Keeping a “buy-in” rating for short- and medium- and long-term growth of the company, as a head executive in our sneakers, recovering from short-term industry needs, medium- and long-term expansion, and customers
Structural change drives the asp uplift with double price expectations, and valuations have the potential to raise in the long run. We expect companies to maintain a “buy-in” rating, considering that corporate size and profitability in globalization are better than that of companies, that their head customers are sticky and have a medium- and long-term double price logic.
The point is an accurate reflection of my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.