The growth in the volume and income of sports shoes has increased steadily. 24h1, as the company's new clients continue to work together and its share in the major customers has risen steadily, the company's sales and operating income have increased steadily.
All growth is steady. 24h1, companies sell 108 million pairs of sneakers, compared to +18.64 per cent. 1) Sub-products: 10.23 billion yuan, compared to 24.00 per cent, outdoor boots, $613 million, compared to 27.16 per cent, sports sandals/slippers and other earnings, compared to 31.21 per cent, respectively. 2) Sub-areas:
The main distribution is in the northern and central regions of Viet Nam. 24h1, the company started manufacturing two new factories in Viet Nam (the finished shoeworker Liu Wenzheng factory and the shoe material factory) and a newly built shoe factory in Indonesia.
The increase in capacity utilization led to a steady upturn in the Māori rate, with administrative and financial cost rates increasing by the same amount.
Compared to +2.69 pct, Māori increase rate or efficiency increase in production capacity & plant efficiency, etc.) Cost end: 24h1, sales rate, administrative rate, R&D rate, financial cost rate of 0.40, 5.08%, revenue and net profit increase, resulting in higher remuneration performance; financial cost increase is mainly due to exchange rate waves of 23h1
In cash flow, 24h1, the net cash flow generated by the operation was $1,722 million, or +24.12 per cent, reflecting the good cash flow position of the company. In addition, 24h1, stock week for the main product, sneakers.
The number of days is 65, a further improvement over the 72 days of 23h1. 23q4 income is positive relative to the net return on the mother, and future growth can be expected in terms of the company’s ability to grow. 1) Client resources: through sound operations in the long term, the company relies on it.
3. Wally Group (300979.sz) in-depth report: Booby shoes accumulate valuable global well-known shoe customer resources, high-quality customer resources and good customer structures;
2) Prominent R & D design and innovation capabilities: companies set up independent D & D centers for each brand, performer leaders, expand capacity and optimize product structure to bring new ones. Companies have a large team of development engineers and technicians with more than 10 years of work experience, familiar with sports brands.
Client brand content and design concepts; 3) management advantages: companies have well-established systems of internal management of enterprises, 4. Wally Group (300979.sz) 3-quarter 2023 OMS regulation, efficiency and plant efficiency gradual improvement; 4) continued expansion of production capacity according to order rules
The company will continue to build new factories in Indonesia, and will continue to expand or build new ones in Viet Nam.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.