Air traffic (601021) Down by air, through cycle, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: 1) While the short-term recovery of demand in the aviation sector is constrained by the global epidemic/vaccination rate, in the medium term, domestic tourism promoted by closed doors during the epidemic has become more inert in consumption, the airline industry has benefited from an accelerated increase in local tourism penetration, and the Chinese airline industry has long-term growth. 2) At the end of supply, “XIV.
The main fleet of drivers grew by less than 6 per cent during the period, while the reconfiguration of the naval fleet constrained its ability to expand, the supply and demand patterns of the industry are expected to improve, and the airline industry is entering a high-quality development phase and growth is more economical. 3) Spring and autumn, the new air season is growing by 23 per cent at a time, and it has expanded in reverse during the epidemic.
In 2021, the industry was in the process of absorbing redundant capacity, mainly because the epidemic closed the country’s doors and caused international transport/times to return to the country.
They measured a 36% increase in the ask static in the country, and during the same period domestic demand for travel remained limited to localized outbreaks and general vaccination policies, with the industrial fleet growing faster than the demand recovery process in 2021 than in 2019, and the civil aviation industry remained on the slope of capacity utilization in 2021.
The pattern of supply and demand in industry is expected to improve across the board: turning points in power supply, 3.7 per cent static seats in 2022, percentage points, upwards in supply and demand relationships, and considering that the size of the fleet during the 1455s was less than 6 per cent, we believe that civil aviation will be in a state-up cycle after 2022, driven by improved supply and demand patterns.
Ica is approaching the golden decade of rising penetration, and the industry is moving upwards. In total, China’s per capita engine is 0.47, and if the average per capita engine is 1.5 by 2030, the ratio to the aviation industry as a whole will be around 10.0%. Structurally, China’s low-cost air transport volume is less than 10%, compared to 40% penetration in the mature markets of Europe and America.
In 2020, the company recovered to 87 per cent in 2019, but the six major shipping ask together fell by 42 per cent over the same period; in 2020, the company returned to the parent ' s net profit of $590 million, but realized a net profit of $140 million after deducting the impact of the loss on Japan ' s investment in spring and fall.
Companies are more profitable, more stable and more certain than the three major shipping lines: 3% on average and 6.02% on average in China ' s national navigation from 2017 to 2019; 7.8% on average in 2017, lower volatility and greater certainty than in other shipping lines. Companies use single aircraft, single space.
To the extent that guaranteed capacity allows for an increase in daily utilization and passenger rates. Efficient and extreme management strategies drive continued optimization of the company’s cost structure, with an average cost rate of 4 per cent for the company, nearly 8 percentage points lower than for other aviation divisions. Corporate unit operating costs were 0.26 dollars in 2020, more than 40 per cent lower than the average unit cost for the three shipping lines.
Extreme cost controls give companies greater flexibility in market expansion and pricing strategies. Corporate assets and liabilities are 65 per cent (after a one-time lease listing), at lower levels within the industry, with a strong focus on cash flows and sound financial strategies as a necessary condition for aviation firms to move through the cycle and expand their subsistence boundaries.
During the period of the epidemic, the company accelerated the expansion of its capacity: 102 aircraft in 2020, a net increase of 9 aircraft throughout the year, an increase of 10 per cent in the fleet and a decrease of 73 routes across the region. In the summer and autumn season of 2021, the company’s flights increased by 22.6 per cent, compared to the summer and autumn of 1919.
During the same period, the industry grew by -4%. In the medium term, the localization of the tourism market accelerated and the domestic civil aviation market began to grow at a high rate.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: we value the company’s long-term competitiveness, fine-tuning revenue management significantly increases the company’s profits. The company’s net profit in 2021-2023 is expected to be 59.7%, compared to the three major shipping lines.
With greater profitability and certainty, and greater elasticity than good aviation and summer aviation. The company has set itself as a low-cost domestic aviation leader, enjoying the full benefits of the downfall of the market.
The idea of continuous improvement is that the Division of Private Navigation, which is more sophisticatedly managed, gets a greater share of the market in the 14th industry sinking cycle and a greater return to investors. 1) International and domestic vaccination of the new crown is progressing beyond expectations; 2) civil aviation authorities liberalize international routes; 3) during the summer season.
The industry fares and guest rates are overrated. dcf has an absolute valuation of $46.22; Spring and Fall Air Pb historical hub 4.1x, peg 29.7x. In conjunction with the valuation of the Bibliography Division and the historical valuation levels of the company, we believe that the company’s profit center could reach $3 billion in 2023 and give it to the company.
2. Introduction of low-cost aviation pilots, or less than expected 1.1 spring and autumn air history: Shanghai takeoff, nationwide
Founded in 2004 in Shanghai, the company was one of the first private airlines in China and the first to be run by a travel agency. After 11 years of operation, the company completed the ipo ' s official registration of a share in 2015 and was included in the msci index in May 18th. The owner of Spring and Autumn Aviation was Wang Jung-hwa, the founder of the company, by holding 37.5% of the Spring and Autumn Brigade.
Between the spring and fall charters, 53.6% of the shares are in control of listed companies. The unfunded subsidiary under the spring and autumn flag is Spring and Autumn Japan and Spring and Autumn Finance Leasing Limited.
In 2019, the company had 210 routes, of which 128 were domestic, 69 international, and 13 Hong Kong and Macao.
By the end of 2020, there were 210 domestic flights, 7 flights to and from North-East and South-East Asia, and 2 flights to Hong Kong and Australia, representing 82 more, 62 fewer and 11 fewer, respectively, than at the end of 2019. Cities, covering approximately 3.7 billion people, have great potential for future development.
It still accounts for the largest distribution of the company, with two sea routes of departure or destination accounting for about 38.3 per cent of the total number of flights in 2020, and two Shanghai passenger traffic, accounting for about 13.1 per cent of the total number of passengers and 4.6 percentage points higher than in 2019. The number of static seats planned for the summer and autumn of 21 is two in Shanghai.
In addition, the company's share of the passenger sub-market is the highest at Ishijiang State Airport, where the company signed a cooperation agreement with the People's Government of Nanchang City and Jiangxi Province Airport Group, among others, to establish Jiangxi Branch, which will be located in Nanchang.
The airport serves as an operational base, creating a low-cost domestic and influential hub. The future company hub will further improve the year’s opening of the first Shanghai-Tokyo international route, setting up an economic, touristic air corridor between Tsang County, north-east of Tokyo, Japan, and the Yangtze Delta, where China has the best tourist base.
And the resource advantages of the company's travel agency's start-up show that the Spring and Fall strategy is reasonable and has reached 36%. On the other hand, in the interest of opening international routes to improve internationalization and to boost tourism, international flights have been made short by two or three lines, and international flights have received substantial subsidies from domestic destinations and local governments in destination countries, while international lines have been heavily subsidized by red-eye flights.
In 2019, the three main routes, Thailand, Japan, and South Korea, were able to move by 18.2% more than the available ones in 2018, accounting for 82.8% of the international routes, and with regard to the internal departures, the public authorities continued to accumulate international moment resources at their original bases and major destinations, and invested three times in the winter and spring season of 2019 at Xian airport.
The aircraft’s capacity to open or encrypt the Xian route to Osaka, Bangkok, Phnom Penh, Tsang, and Zoga, which helped to build an international air hub at the airport of Lixian, also laid a solid foundation for the company’s market opening in the north-west region. The warming and recurrence of the new offshore crown epidemic in 2020 brought international airline operations to a standstill, with companies enforcing strict civilian enforcement.
Since 28 March 2020, Thailand, Japan, the Republic of Korea, and Cambodia have each maintained one one-week flights to and from Shanghai. In the second half of the year, the company received four one-week international incentive flights approved by the Civil Aviation Authority, in line with the Civil Aviation Authority's adjustments to the five-year policy, relating to incentive and smelting mechanisms.
The international route is based on Bangkok, Thailand, Osaka, Japan, and Jeju, Korea, as the main offshore overnight terminal, back-to-back with a network of major domestic bases and destinations, focusing on key markets in South-East Asia, and developing radiation to the North-East Asian regional market, offering to serve other countries' major strategies, such as building a “one-way” route.
A fleet of 53 aircraft purchased from itself and 49 chartered aircraft with an average age of 5.4 years, and throughout 2020, the company introduced five air passenger a320neo aircraft and four air passenger a321neo aircraft without withdrawing.
The company became one of the largest private airlines in the country in flight routes, passenger loads, passenger turnover, etc., and was also the leading low-cost airline in North-East Asia.2 The airline sunk the vast space of the market.2
Depending on deregulation and the opening of the sky, lca will be approaching the golden decade of increased penetration. Low-cost airlines (lcas, lowcost airlines) are those that provide passengers with long-term and stable air fares that are much less expensive than all-service airlines.
Southwest United States Air, Telelan Air, Ryan Air in Europe, Air Asia, Spring Fall, and others. Table 2: Comparison of Low Cost Air Division and SAD 2.1. Review of mid-western Lca, Ryan's growth history. Core features are point-to-point routes and two.
The South-West Asia Airlines (Southwest Weststairlines) - the ica's grandkids, whose competition is steadily expanding. South-West Airlines, the world's first low-cost airline, was established in 1971 as a pioneer of a low-cost revolution in air transport.
From 1973 to the present, Southwest Airlines has been the most profitable company in the world’s civil aviation industry for more than 40 years. When it was founded, Southwest America was based in Dallas, Texas, operating only three short-distance routes in Texas – Dallas, San Antonio, and Houston – avoiding positive competition with majors such as United States, Dharma, and the United States.
In the 1970s, Southwest Air was operating all short-distance routes in Texas; in the 1980s, it was extended to four states around Texas: in the 1990s, it increased to 29 states: in 2010, it acquired a massive expansion of the United States Air Crossing Division: in 2012, it entered the world ' s number one Atlanta airport and opened an international route from Atlanta in 2014.
Southwest Air is an example of differentiated competition, operating the niche market, always avoiding positive conflicts with large airlines, and not seeking a share in the core hub airport. Instead, it cuts into the market from mid- and small-city point-to-point inter-city traffic, opening up the next regional market after building a guest list, reaching a high penetration rate, and finally moving back to the core hub airport.
Short- and short-distance point-to-point routes, short-term and heavy-shift flights, high-density flight services of an “airbus” nature, fully exploited the huge potential of the United States for cheap air market demand, operating income ranging from $15 million in 1974 to $22.4 billion in 2019, net profits ranging from $2.14 million in 1974 to $2.3 billion in 2019, with a successful booking of lca.
Ryan Air, Europe’s example of fine management of lca. Ryan introduced a low-cost aviation business model in 1989 and, in terms of operational strategy, Ryan Air is similar to Southwest Air, both of which are city-based in the upgrading of core destinations.
But, unlike the southwest, Ryan’s base, such as Dublin, London, Brussels, Barcelona, is a regional hub, where Ryan chooses to use the second-line airport and competes with the Big Air Department. At the same time, the company has the lowest seating cost and the highest support income in Europe, ica.
Asia is the largest lca in Asia, with a very low-cost rapid expansion. With the capital, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, as its main hub, it operates routes covering more than 165 destinations in 25 countries, taking into account domestic cities in South-East Asia.
The narrowness of the field, the expansion of which was completed in 2003 and 2005 in Thailand and Indonesia, extends the market to neighbouring countries in South East Asia. Aerial has 25 minutes of aircraft turnaround time, with an average of 13 hours per day, and high turnover has made it the world’s lowest operating cost.
It will be close to, and likely reach, 100 million passengers per year. 2.2 In terms of penetration, China ' s lca long-term presence in the Blue Sea market continues to grow in its share of the global low-cost aviation market, and the Chinese market has great scope for development.
Statistics show that in the decade 2011-2020, the share of the global market for low-cost air routes increased from 27.5 per cent to 35.1 per cent in the region and from 7.6 per cent to 16.6 per cent in the international airline; the share of the market for domestic air routes rose from 20.5 per cent to 11.1 per cent in the Asia-Pacific region, an increase of 1 percentage point from 2019, and low-cost air services.
The Division is still small in terms of both quantity and market share, but the rising market share during the epidemic shows a trend towards a more structured market and differentiated demand, with a growing demand for mass aviation as the epidemic recovers, with great potential for future markets.
In China, consumption escalation has driven the air demand and short-distance migration of second- and third-line cities, and lca, which is targeted for civilian travel, will enjoy long-term industrial dividends from higher penetration rates in China. At the US dollar threshold, our economy grew steadily in 2020, becoming the only major economy with positive growth in the world, per capita.
For the second year in a row, gdp will break 10,000 dollars, with urban residents earning more than 4000 yuan a year, and consumption spending will be close to 30,000 yuan, while the continuing decline in the Engel coefficient and increasing consumption capacity provide a strong boost to private travel, especially travel by tourists, which also means that airlines will come to a wider market.
Figure 24: China ' s per capita gdp (United States dollars), 2008-2020 Figure 25: China ' s urban disposable income and consumption expenditure, 2007-2020 Figure 27: Analysis of the correlation of the number of occupancys per capita in the United States to the per capita gdp
The economy has shifted from high growth to medium growth, the demographic dividend and the labour cost advantage have been lost, the labour force has shifted from surplus to shortage, so the income of the labor force is about to rise significantly. In the past, the income of our population as a percentage of gdp was small, and the wage levels of our workers have risen rapidly.
As our per capita capacity is less than one-fifth below the gdp rate, and per capita income is less than one-tenth of the United States, the driving force behind the increase in the labor factor income will quickly erupt the huge potential of China’s air market. More than industry-wide growth, lca will continue to attack the city in the future.
Measuring, we estimate that by 2030, China will have a per capita capacity of about 1.5 and the aviation industry as a whole will have remained at around 10.0 per cent; at the same time, lca will have maintained more than 17.0 per cent of the cagr, or even more than 20.0 per cent, and eventually the lca market share will have been gradually strengthened in the core 3 competitiveness, and low-cost operational strategies will have been validated again
3.1 Low-cost operating strategy “two singles”: single aircraft, single space, high-standard casts a low-cost operating chassis.
The unit maintenance costs are significantly lower than those for the three major flights, with the cost of 0.021 per unit in 2019 and 0.014 per unit in spring and fall, which is more than 30 per cent lower than the cost of the three major flights.
Single-class: company aircraft are provided with a single economy class, with no first-class and business-class accommodation. The number of seats available is relatively high. Air carriers that often operate a 320 aircraft using two-class layouts are 15-20 per cent higher. Since September 2015, the company has introduced a 320 aircraft to the new passenger cabin layout for incoming passengers, increasing the number of seats from 180 at constant intervals.
186, as at the end of 2020, there were 65 passenger-cargo aircraft. In addition, in September 2020, the company introduced its first a321neo aircraft, the first of its 240 seats in the country, a321 passenger aircraft, and by the end of 2020 it owned four a321neo aircraft.
“Two highs”: high passenger occupancy and high aircraft daily utilization, with fine management effective in improving operational efficiency. High passenger occupancy: the company always maintains a high occupancy level when the fleet expands and the capacity to operate increases. High aircraft daily usage: scientific planning, maximizing the efficiency of flight operations while ensuring safety.
In 2020, the cost of depreciation was 0.0579, which is more than 100% lower than the average cost of about 0.12 per cent for each of the three major flights. Spring and fall flights achieved more guaranteed efficiency through single-air operations, while more intensive route scheduling and fewer cargo operations were further intensified.
Increase in the number of flight stop-times and, in addition, increase in the use of extended flight hours, while ensuring safety of flight, thereby increasing the average daily flight schedule and increasing the daily utilization rate of aircraft. The average daily utilization rate of companies in 2020 was 8.69 hours, more than one hour higher than the average of the three flights, and was raised because of the company ' s fixed cost as a percentage of the cost of the main battalion ' s operations, which is approximately 1/3.
High aircraft daily utilization allows for a greater share of fixed unit costs (fixed costs/km of available seating), thus reducing the “two lows”: low sales costs and low administrative costs; low sales costs: companies use direct e-commerce as their main distribution channel, and various incentives, such as through the sale of special-priced air tickets
Distribution of sales preferences attracts a large number of passengers to book airline tickets on the company’s website: on the other hand, sales through the active promotion of mobile Internet sales have effectively reduced the company’s sales agent costs. In 2019 and 2020, the company’s sales costs in addition to chartered seating operations were 0.0000 and 0.0004 per unit, well below the industry’s comparable listing level.
Low management costs: Companies minimize their day-to-day management costs by maximizing the benefits of flight safety, quality of operation and quality of service, using the resources and services of third-party service providers at local airports. At the same time, operational and financial erp integration is achieved through advanced technology to achieve rigorous budget management, fee management, scientific performance appraisals
The company owns the only distribution, reservation, settlement and exit system in the country that is independent of the Chinese air-mail system, which saves it significant annual sales costs. In 2020, the cost of managing the unit ask was $0.0042, well below the industry’s comparable listing level.
Effective cost controls provide a strong 40% advantage for companies to implement a “low fare” strategy without compromising profitability. In 2020, the operating cost per unit of company ask was 0.2636/km, compared to three, where income and profits grew robustly, with profit levels and stability higher than the three largest shipping routes of the same period.
In recent years, the company has maintained a steady growth in revenue and profitability, with a revenue of about $9,167 million in 2020, corresponding to a net profit loss of $590 million for the mother. Net profit of $139 million was realized after the company recognized a loss on investment and the impact of a reduction on its long-term equity investment in spring and fall in 2020.
From 2014 to 2020, the company roa was about 5 to 12 pp higher than the average roa. From 2017 to 2019, China's average roa was 3.0%, compared to 6.02% during the same period. From 2017 to 2019, the company roic stabilized at around 7.8%, compared to the rest during the same period.
The firm’s asset-liability ratio is lower within the industry, with a liquidity ratio much higher than the industry’s average. The airline industry is a highly volatile sector along macroeconomic lines, and in a sense is also vulnerable to “blackness.”
The more robust business strategy in the swan-disturbed industry is at the expense of a portion of the current business leverage in exchange for the viability of a crisis moment, as well as post-crisis resilience, be it the financial crisis or the current covid-19, which, for airlines, does not necessarily guarantee excess returns, but increases the scope for business to continue.
Companies are becoming more profitable, and government subsidies are falling. Companies are sinking, and platoons in the second and third-line cities are receiving local government subsidies, which are once higher than the company’s operating profits. Over the last three years, with the company’s own level of profitability rising, reliance on external government subsidies has gradually decreased, but government subsidies have also increased the company’s profit base.
4.1 Requirement: short-term observation of vaccination progress, reliance on the localization of the tourism market in the medium term, long-term domestic vaccinations, with a cumulative total of 400 million vaccinations. 31 provinces (from 16 May 2021 onwards)
The Xinjiang Production Corps has reported 4,06938,000 doses of new coronary virus vaccine. Sixteen days alone, 1,3951,000 doses of new coronary virus vaccine have been administered. The effectiveness of the prevention and control of the epidemic in the country has begun to be demonstrated, and the solidity of the results is essential for the revival of the aviation industry.
International travel will take some time to resume: we believe that the recovery of international routes depends, on the one hand, on the progress of vaccinations in major economies, and, on the other, on the actual effectiveness of vaccines. Among the world’s major economies, over 70% in the United States and over 30% in Germany.
In India, however, at the end of April, there were more than 300,000 new cases on average, and the stock of cases remained large, posing a significant risk to the open border; (2) national standards of immunization vary from one country to another, and national governments differ in their attitude to the prevention and control of the epidemic. Even though the major economies have achieved mass immunization through vaccination, the risk of the epidemic remains as a whole due to the lack of information on the number of cases.
Landfall isolation may become the norm in the medium term: 3) there is a sudden increase in the number of cases in India with mutagenic strains. To achieve mass immunization: at 70% vaccine effectiveness, global, Chinese, Asian and European vaccination rates will be 89.2%, 83.3%, 80.2%, 96.2%, and at 80% vaccine effectiveness, global, Chinese, Asian and European rates will be 78%, 72.9%, respectively.
Civil aviation, in the context of internal circular policies, is dominated by the opening up of the domestic cycle. The central expression of the “double cycle” relationship is very clear: The development of new patterns of development based on the domestic cycle, which is mutually reinforcing in both domestic and international circles, and the fostering of new advantages for our participation in international cooperation and competition in the new context. In the new context, opening up the domestic air demand cycle is the basis of the “double cycle.”
The construction of a new air transport development authority, which is based on a dual cycle that is mutually reinforcing, both within and outside the country, better promotes a dynamic balance between the total supply and the total demand for civil aviation at a higher level. Under the new "double cycle" pattern of development, the development of the three- or four-line urban economy can effectively expand domestic demand and boost domestic economic growth.
The epidemic has accelerated the process of localization of tourism markets, and domestic travel needs have recovered robustly. The “Five One” holiday in 2021, home country.
According to the data centre of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, 2021 “Five One” holidays, 230 million trips to the country, returning to pre-epidemiological destinations to 103.2 per cent, for example, the Shanghai market received 10.3 million visitors in the first three days of “Five Ones” and the Shanghai Hotel average occupancy rate was 73.2 per cent, up from the same period in 2020.
This represents a 48 percentage point increase, a 13 percentage point increase over the same period in 2019. The return to pre-epidemiological levels in the country in one quarter and the surge in air fares driven by the outbreak of holiday demand.
In 2021, 4,328,000 passengers were transported by air during the cleared holidays, a significant increase of 256.4 per cent over the same period in 2020; the return to 89.3 per cent of the cleared holidays in 2019; the average occupancy rate was 73.4 per cent, an increase of 8.1 per cent over the cleared holidays in 2020, and a decrease of 7.1 per cent over the cleared holidays in 2019.
The daily average number of flights amounted to 12790, almost double the number of clear holidays in 2020 and about 13% over the same period in 2019. According to the Internet, the average price paid for the 5-1 vacation tickets this year was $924, more than 2% higher than in 2019.
During the same period, the aviation divisions also increased their marketing efforts to introduce products such as “flying with heart.” In the medium term, the rapid recovery of the domestic tourism market is key to the reversion of domestic civil aviation’s u-type performance.
Tourism consumption is sticky, domestic tourism will become a long-term consumption habit, and changes in consumer structure will drive industry upwards. Transborder demand for travel into domestic demand is structural in the medium term: travel as a consumption is a process of consumption habits and glue culture.
Large national resources, as well as marine resources, tourist destinations are sinking to three or four-line cities, and travel destinations are gradually shifting from traditional sites to smaller ones. There is much room for development in the domestic market, both in terms of destination and in terms of the form and content of tourism. From a medium-term perspective of three to five years, it is likely that the limited supply of international travel resources and the depth of development in the domestic market will reshape the brigade.
From a post-00 perspective, we have every reason to believe that the rapid growth of the domestic tourism market has taken place. According to data from the Internet, the percentage of people who travel around the country this year is more than 50%.
In the same period, the “after-00” group grew 2.5 times, and the “after-00” group became the fastest-growing and most dynamic group. New consumption trends are emerging, driven by new groups of tourists. Where do the Internet data show the highest increases in the Xinjiang, Aksu, Tibetan Ali, Lake North Yellowstone, Yunnan River, Heilong River, etc.
In the case of “post-95” “after-00” and “after-90” “after-80” “after-90” reservations, the ratio is more than 40 per cent. Figure 56: Intra-line capacity expanded and the market sunk faster during the autumn season of 21 than in the 19th year.
As can be seen from the season-to-season calendar of 17-21 years, the national share of the North-to-North airport has declined year-to-year, particularly during the summer and autumn 21 seasons, with the share of first-line cities falling at an accelerated rate, while the share of Chengdu, Hangzhou, Xian, and Chongqing cities has risen rapidly over the same period. We believe that in the future civil aviation continues to adhere to the regulatory approach of “total control, structure” and first-line airport funding.
In the context of a largely saturated source, international and additional domestic routes are bound to sink to second- and third- and third- and fourth-line airports at a time when the Civil Aviation Authority's 14th Guidance Document also refers to “During the period of `1455', based on the domestic market as a strategic basis, our civil aviation will further develop its feeder flights, activate the potential needs of second- and third-line city air travels, and expand the domestic cycle and increase efficiency,
Civil aviation demand is directly related to macroeconomic highs. Civil aviation rpk-gdp amplification factor is about 1.5. Based on the 2021 gdp acceleration rate of 8.4%, based on the 1.52 times the rpk-gdp-magnification factor, the projected increase in civil aviation rpk throughout the year 2021 is the result of a de facto deficit in the air flow base caused by the closure policy under the epidemic.
The redundancy and mismatch of supply and demand structures caused by the suspension of cross-border routes are, in our view, the essence of the airline’s short-term dilemma. But, on a long-term cyclical scale, the demand for controlled cross-border movements, limited by national epidemiological policies, is frictionous, and the speed of air traffic may be in turn expected, but as macroeconomics are at a low level, the recovery of demand is more certain.
Based on the micro-base of air travel, we believe that civil aviation rpk will remain highly anchored in total economic output in the future, still looking at the long-term value of air traffic. The per capita occupancy rate of 0.47 is high, and the per capita penetration rate of civil aviation in the long term is much higher.
In 2020, our civil aviation industry completed 660 million passenger shipments, and China has been in the second-largest position in the world for many years in a row, but per capita flights were 0.47 times below the world average, 0.87 times below the world average, and 2.48 times below the United States.
At the domestic level, the chances are that air passenger traffic will sink, industry will rise, and the cost advantages of the low-cost aviation division will translate into profit advantages, gradually reducing the difference in size from the full-service aviation division. 4.2 Supply: the expansion of industry capacity slowed during the 1455s and the industry landscape is expected to optimize.
According to the Ministry of Transport, by 2035, the number of national civil transport airports amounted to about 400. In 2020, the country’s certified airports, with their feeder airports constituting the vast majority, had a wider market space in the future.
External high iron influences the diversion of air passenger sources, on the other hand, the continued expansion of the fleet but the persistence of structural imbalances in supply and demand, tight resource constraints in first-line cities, redundancy in resource allocation in low-line markets, poor prices for new openings, and multiple factors that lead to the industry’s failure to come, income shortfalls and direct profit levels.
By the end of 2020, there were 92 airlines in the industry, with 3989 flying, and we believe that the 14th Direction of China Civil Aviation is an improvement in the efficiency of aircraft utilization, and the improvement of fleet structure and passenger cabin layout. An increase in the share of low-cost air traffic in the Division is key to achieving efficiency gains. Increased capacity will also accelerate supply and demand scissors.
By the end of 2020, 668 commercial aircraft had been operated by the shipping masters, with more than 1,500 passenger routes.
The reshuffle was an important shuffle for the industry, which will have a direct impact on the business patterns of civil aviation, especially the private sector, and further integration of fleets and airline resources under the Hainan flag would help to concentrate the share towards the head and improve the supply pattern of the industry. The review rules were revised, and the low-cost aviation division benefited directly from regulatory reforms.
The rules for the evaluation of inland flights have been revised and published for comment. The time-bound control of resources has been relaxed by eliminating the maximum number of authorized flights, while reducing the eligibility of small and medium-sized airports to fly directly north-bound and wide-range flights.
Fund contribution rates. Spring and fall is the only all-A aviation division in the 18- and 19-year ratings, with significant advantages in the future, particularly in terms of access to high-lying north routes. 4.3 Short-term supply and demand pressures, with improved supply and demand structures in the post-epidemiology era, are expected to improve.
Short-term redundancy boosts the pressure on the balance of supply and demand, which is expected to reverse in 2022. We believe that the pressure on the balance of supply and demand will be high in 2021 and that the pressure on supply and demand will be effectively mitigated in 2022. The main reasons are as follows: 1) the civil aviation fleet grew by more than 10% in 2021 compared to 2019, and the industry as a whole is still expanding its capacity.
(b) International flights are transferred back to the country at large and, in the case of national flights, about 35 per cent of international flights are re-routed, the three main international flights are based on broad-body aircraft, and international transport transfers into the country have led to a surge in supply;
3) In terms of demand, the extent to which these needs can translate into effective domestic rpk is highly uncertain when the demand for international travel is limited. In terms of domestic demand alone, data for the same 20-year period show a very high increase due to a low base, but the increase in the same year is limited, compared to the average daily passenger population for the normal 19-year period.
Five hundred and four thousand, an increase of 0.3 per cent in 19 years. Since May, the orderly release of public demand for travel has remained highly relevant to the prevention and control of the epidemic, and we believe that when vaccination coverage exceeds 60 to 70 per cent of the area, a full demand for travel can be expected.
While it is difficult to absorb the pressure, the counter-seas division’s performance has been reversed, we believe that the outbreak has also objectively accelerated the pace of vaccinations, and that the critical point of release of travel needs has emerged ahead of time. Inoculation rates, travel restrictions have been significantly reduced, and international routes or orderly liberalization in mid-2022.
The number of seats in the year 2019 was 1,413.8 million, of which 11,174,256.691 million seats were in the national/international/regional region, compared with approximately 20% in the international/regional area (meaning that international seats were returned to the country by at least 20% of the overall number of seats).
Intra/international + area ask accounts for 58 per cent/42 per cent, respectively. Longer international routes and more efficient overall operation than domestic flights, with seating on international/regional routes producing about twice as efficient ask as domestic routes. If international routes are transferred back home, they are more than 1.5 times higher in real efficiency, and overseas transfers back home to the company as a whole are about 36 per cent higher.
Combining the above analysis of the supply and demand of the airline industry, we believe that, at the demand level, the short-term depends on the pace of international/domestic vaccinations, the localization of tourism markets in the medium term, the longer-term macroeconomic recovery, and the rise in air penetration rates. From within air travel markets, the relative excess capacity to move back internationally needs to be absorbed gradually, so short-term supply and demand is under pressure, and shipping is losing.
There was some pressure, with the emergence of a supply stoppage in the industry in 2022, a significant increase in vaccination coverage, a gradual recovery in international travel, and a gradual recovery in supply and demand. Scissors were reduced until demand was slightly greater than supply, and supply and demand patterns were expected to improve continuously.
Civil aviation has a significant downward trend, with low-line markets growing faster than high-line markets. Civil-ticket passenger traffic as a whole is trans-regional point-to-point transport, but it is stratified from the point of view of transport service products that we can broadly divide the markets into high-line markets and low-line markets. High-line markets correspond to the routes between first-line cities, first-line and second-line cities, while low-line markets are the rest.
In total, the summer and autumn of 21 fell by 4.33% compared to the summer and autumn of 19; domestic flights grew by 21% over the same period in 19 years as a result of large international shifts. High-line markets, corresponding to first-line and near-first-line cities, have a higher proportion of commercial travel demand compared to low-line markets.
So cost control determines profit space for high-line market operations, high-line market space. Low-line market currents are relatively unstable, and prices are less price-oriented to consumers, and for shipping.
For the Division, the level of cost control determines whether it is possible to achieve a profit-loss balance, even profit-making, and robust expansion in the low-line market. For Spring Aviation, the increase in resources in the high-line market at a time means the expansion of the base plate, and the further increase in the share of the low-line market means the growth of the performance.
More elasticity than better cost controls for the three major flights. The expansion of domestic shipping capacity during the epidemic.
Compared to the three major flights, the company experienced a lower drop in the year 2020 compared to the same year as the ask, with a drop of about 10 pp for each airline. The pattern of low-cost operations in spring and autumn was characterized by business resilience during the industry’s downturn, and we looked forward to a rapid recovery in the company’s leading industry after the economy returned to normality.
In the summer and fall of 21 years, the rate of growth is 23%, well above industry average. The spring and autumn 21 summer and autumn season is also increasing at a pace compared to the same time in 19 years.
From the season shift schedule in the summer and autumn of 21, we can see that the share of companies in front-line cities has declined, with more of them going to the low-line market, where Nanchang is the new base of the company, with a significant increase in its share, with the Land State ' s share rising from 2.66 per cent to 4.62 per cent, in line with the company ' s strategy to strengthen the three-line market.
Japan Air (Jal) has set a course to acquire the Japanese company Chun Autumn Autumn (Tongda City, Chiba County) to take it into a consolidated subsidiary. Japan Air plans to contribute several billion yen in June, to gain a majority of the company’s shareholdings.
Japan’s civil aviation sector has long been monopolized by full-time space and Japanese air, and other shipping companies have limited space for survival, and stripping Japan from spring and autumn is a reasonable option in the post-epidemiological era. P/b, or v/ebitda, compared to the p/e, peg valuation system, is more appropriate for the aviation industry with a strong cycle + heavy assets.
The industry is characterized by high operating leverage and high financial leverage, higher depreciation amortization costs, higher profit volatility, p/e valuation systems that are not able to effectively price in industry loss scenarios, and, in addition to equity returns, the industry is equally concerned with asset returns (including debt-based capital).
The law is more applicable, and the historical sequence is more comparable. Specifically, the low-cost navigator has a stronger consumer attributes and a more reasonable pb for horizontal comparison with the whole service, while the low-cost navigation division, the peg system (when it is stable for profit), is a better measure of its growth.
Southwest Air is an internationally comparable company. The average number of flights in the country is 1.55 x, the average number of flights in the three countries is 3.3 x, and the average number of flights in the two countries is 3.66 x. The average number of flights in the three countries is 3.66 x.
Taking into account: 1) the short-term recovery of the demand of the aviation industry, which is constrained by the global epidemic/vaccination rate, in the medium term, domestic tourism, facilitated by the closed doors of the country during the epidemic, has become more inert in consumption, the airline industry has benefited from an accelerated increase in the penetration rate of local tourism, and the Chinese airline industry has grown over the long term. 2) At the supply end, the main fleet of drivers increased at less than 6 per cent during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
At the same time, the reconfiguration of the sea navigation has constrained its expansion of power, with the prospect of improved supply and demand patterns in the industry, and the aviation industry entering a high-quality development phase, increasing and becoming more economical. 3) Spring and autumn air travel has increased by 23 per cent at a time and has expanded in reverse during the epidemic. We see that fine management and scale effects of the spring and autumn can translate the growth of current production into future profit growth, with companies in 2023.
Spring and fall aviation history pb at 4.1x, pe at 29.7x. The fleet was not brought in as long as it was expected, in conjunction with the common denominator, figure 72: Spring and autumn airpe/band 1.
2) Macroeconomic risk. 3) Oil price risk, DIA ' s general failure to adopt a fuel hedging strategy, and higher volatility of operating profits due to oil prices. 4) Major international disputes, wars, terrorist attacks, etc.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.