I've got a report from the Python's Python Review, and the growth comes from the Python's Table, and a quarterly forecast meets expectations.
The company published its annual report for 2016, which achieved operating income of $4,184 million, or 57 per cent, during the reporting period; the growth in eugenics came from the Yongjian industry, and the quarterly report forecasted that there had been a significant increase in both corporate revenues and net profits during the reporting period, of which 2,120 million yuan in the fourth quarter and 323 million net gains for mothers, representing an increase.
The reason for the year’s performance is slightly lower than the previous performance report of $484 million, which is expected to result from the loss of bad debt and the loss of disposal of non-current assets. The reason for the year’s achievement is 11.07 million yuan, including $359 million in the fourth quarter, significantly exceeding the 2016 performance commitment.
The price of the powder continues to rise and the price difference widens, on the other hand, from a relatively high rate of self-sufficiency in titanium concentrate in the dragon industry. In 2016, a total of 607,000 tons of titanium powder were sold, with a market share of more than 20%, of which 275,000 tons were exported, with a sales share of 45.3%, and 38.2% of domestic exports, accounting for an absolute advantage.
At the end of demand, titanium exports grew by 17 per cent in February that month, with a cumulative increase of 15 per cent and a strong external demand. At the end of supply, the effects of the Eastern titanium industry accident were eliminated, but the effects of the titanium industry continued to grow.
The upcoming summit, which is expected to continue to be characterized by high environmental stress, and the recent start of self-censorship in Shandong and other provinces, does not preclude some firms from being cut off. In terms of raw materials, the export restrictions in Tamil Nadu have not been lifted, titanium is still being provided, and the price of the mine has increased, while the price of titanium has risen, while the price of the other side has risen.
Some small businesses are under pressure to purchase their raw materials. • Consider the company’s long-term growth in size and technology: the company has taken a huge step forward in its model by uniting and completing it, there is still room for integration in the titanium industry, and the company is expected to grow;
Higher product quality and more environmentally friendly production processes are a permanent theme, and titanium chloride is the way forward, and there is still much to be done in the field of titanium chloride technology.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.