The price of titanium is strong, the size and the advantages of integration.
The dragon arcade is the country ' s largest titanium powder producer, with a capacity of 560,000 tons and a capacity of 148012060006 tons, of which the sulphate process has a capacity of about 500,000 tons and the chlorination process has a capacity of about 60,000 tons. The titanium powder market has been operating since 2016.
Supply is tight, titanium powder market prices are rising, and titanium powder companies have significantly increased their levels of profitability. The supply of platinum powder products remains tight, and prices are supported.
The high price of titanium powder in 2017 and the willingness of some firms to resume production were stronger, but stringent environmental standards were likely to limit the release of regenerative capacity, while the supply of titanium powder remained tight as a result of strong overseas demand. Short-term upturns in titanium powder prices continued to be strong.
The concentration of the industry is increasing. We have a growing polarization of titanium powder producers, titanium powder producers, and there is a downward trend in the number of production companies. The two leading companies, the Python and the Pali League, can produce 560,000 tons after their reorganization, and one leap is the fourth largest titanite industry in the world, after Dupont, Hensme and the others.
The thiomeric acid process has limited development space for more than three scraps, and the chlorination process is vast. The chlorination process, although difficult, produces titanium powder of good quality, high purity, and with less pollution during production, is titanium powder.
The company is also planning to build a new 200,000-ton/year chlorinated titanium powder device. We believe that the company’s efforts to develop chlorinated titanium powder are consistent with industry’s trends.
The product quality of titanium powder will also be on the next step. Profit forecasting and valuation: the dragon python is the leader of the industry, with a clear upward trend in performance.
1 " Report on the evaluation of the python python (00261): acquisition of mineral resources from up-to-date cruises and construction of competitive advantages " 2017-03-21. Profits rebound and titanium powder will continue to recover. "
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the dragon python pelican (002601: titanium powder prices are strong, size and integration advantages are clear.
titanium powder is a high-performance white pigment that is widely used in such industrial areas as paint, plastics, paper, printed ink, fibre-optics, and rubber. Since 2016, with the closure of some of our small and medium-sized titanium powder producers and the withdrawal of foreign high-cost titanium powder producers, the global supply of titanium powder has contracted, and the price of titanium powder has entered the upper-line cycle.
In 2016, we produced about 2.6 million tons of titanium powder, and the industry as a whole started about 75%. The actual rate of work in the titanium industry could be about 85-90%, after deduction of some of the zombies’ capacity, at a higher level.
At the same time, increasingly stringent environmental standards limit the rise in the rate of titanium powder operations. At the demand side, while domestic demand has slowed, demand from overseas has grown faster.
It is expected that the tight supply of titanium powder will continue in the next 1-2 months. As the country’s largest titanium powder producer, the company has about 560,000 tons of titanium powder in 2016.
Production is 583,000 tons, which is in a state of full production. The company’s start-up rate is still high, while the company’s 60,000 tons/year chlorine titanium powder device has undergone continuous technical adjustments, which have led to a further increase in capacity utilization and is expected to increase the company’s titanium powder production this year by 1 to 20 million tons compared to 2016.
Table 1: Price swaps for dragon python products, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the python python, 00261: titanium powder prices support, size and integration advantages are clear.
2. The titanium powder industry recovered in 2016, with an increase in industry concentration Statistics show that there are currently some 67 titanium powder producers in the country, with some 46 producing enterprises that can maintain normal production. The titanium powder industry continues to be dominated by sulphuric acid, with only a few companies possessing chlorination techniques.
Of the country ' s total-flow titanium powder production enterprises, 38 use the sulphate method, 3 use the chlorination method, and 1 combined ton, an increase of 11.8 per cent over the same period, after a significant decline in our titanium production in 2015, figure 1: our capacity and production data for the titanium industry in 2016
At present, our titanium production companies are becoming more polarized, with the industrial leaders, led by the dragons, the Barleys combined, able to produce 630,000 tons after their reorganization, and the fourth largest titanium industry in the world, after Dubon, Hensmae and Kost, being the absolute leaders of the domestic industry.
The sulfuric acid process has limited development space, the chlorination process has a wide scope, and titanium powder production processes can be divided into sulphate and chlorination methods, where sulfuric acid is low for raw materials, simple for processes, and is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
National titanium powders are widely used. But sulphate produces waste water, sludge and waste gas, and the impurities of titanium powder produced by sulphate, such as calcium and magnesium, affect product quality. The chlorination process, although difficult, produces titanium powder of good quality, high purity and low pollution during production, is the way forward for the titanium powder industry.
The chloride titanium powder production capacity is about 225,000 tons, with a total production of about 105,000 tons in 2016. Only four of the 39 or more titanium powder producers in the country have the capacity to produce titanium powder.
We believe that corporate efforts to develop chlorinated titanium powder are consistent with industry trends. By that time, the company would have 260,000 tons of chlorinated titanium powder production capacity, the scale effect would be further demonstrated, and the product quality of the titanium powder would be one more step ahead.
Table 2: Comparison of advantages and disadvantages of sulphuric acid and chlorination methods 4. Enhancing the supply of raw materials and maintaining cost advantages. titanium concentrates are the main source of titanium powder production, and demand for titanium powder has improved and prices have risen since the second half of 2016.
The latest data show that 46% of titanium market offers $1850-1950/t (without taxes) and 47% of titanium market offers 1950-2000/tonne (without taxes), which is about 25% higher than at the beginning of the year, and that the market supply should be tightened. The production of a ton of titanium powder consumes about 2.5 tons of titanium powder (50% of the titanium content of titanium), which accounts for about 50% of titanium.
The price of titanium is therefore higher for downstream titanium powder producers. Having a stable titanium concentrate will help titanium companies to control production costs and ensure good economic efficiency.
To meet the company’s needs for raw materials, but subject to insufficient mining capacity, companies still need to buy titanium from outside. At the beginning of this year, the company acquired Rillium with $190 million in cash, and the company expects to purchase titanium from Rill for a total of about 480,000 tons (an average of 160,000 tons per year) over the next three years, further increasing the company’s self-sufficiency in titanium.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is the python python (002601). The price of titanium powder is supported, and the increase in the self-sufficiency of its size and integration is evident and will ensure that the python python will maintain its cost advantage in the fierce competition.
Figure 2: The price of titanium powder has been rising steadily since 2016. Figure 3: The price of titanium concentrates has risen significantly.
The titanium powder industry has recovered since 2016, its supply side has been constrained by environmental policies, and demand from abroad has increased, keeping the titanium industry in a tight supply position that supports the price of titanium powder. This year, the titanium powder industry is expected to have a significantly better level of profitability than in 2016.
The plan is to support the stock price by giving the company a “recommended” rating. titanium powder price volatility has a greater impact on the company’s performance, which could lead to a sharp reversal of the price of titanium powder.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the dragon python pelican (002601: titanium powder prices are supported, size and integration advantages are clear.
Head of the Basic Chemical Industry Group, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at capturing the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
Liao Peng Fei China Petroleum University (Beijing) Master of Chemical Technology, which took office at the Beijing Institute of petrochemical lubricant in China in 2010-2015, at the People ' s Bond in 2015 and at the East Hing Bond in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.