I'm sure you'll benefit from the basic chemical industry research team.
In 2016, the country produced about 2.6 million tons of titanium powder, with 93 per cent effective capacity, and exports reached an all-time high of 720,000 tons, with prices rising by more than 60 per cent. The company sold 60,68 million tons of titanium powder throughout the year.
The market for titanium powder, 33.21 million tons of titanium powder, 27.47 million tons of titanium powder, or 38.2 per cent of the country's exports, is expected to gain international market position in the future as the international influence of companies increases and the capacity of international giants shrinks.
Total titanium powder production of 560,000 tonnes per year, 18.7% of the country's capacity, with 200,000 tonnes/year of single sulphuric acid and 60,000/year of monochlorinated acid in Asia and the fourth in the world, as a result of the company's acquisition of the dragon platinum industry (nearly 12 months)
Design and installation of titanium line. The company has a 30% rate of titanium powder that is much higher than the industry.
The law accounts for more than 90%, while the foreign sulphate method accounts for about 40%. The company’s controlling subsidiary, the Yongyu industry, has 58 patents and a number of core technologies for the production of titanium powder and the integrated and efficient use of the polymagnesium mine, creating an internal and external revolving economic model that allows for the integrated use of resources.
The company’s 60,000-ton/year chlorinated titanium powder device has steadily increased its output and quality after testing in 2015 and has been endorsed by internationally recognized users such as ppg, Aksu, and Lju. It is expected that when the time comes, the industry will gradually introduce titanium chloride.
There is a clear pre-emptive advantage in the titanium powder industry, improved supply and demand, increased exports, and the industry continued to be good (2017).
As the domestic titanium industry becomes more environmentally friendly, upstream raw materials continue to increase prices, and export-oriented trade is oriented, the firm's industry will become more prominent, revenue and Māori will increase further, and two, titanium powder will be priced for profit.
All right, supply side reform is Wang Do (13 January 2016, titanium powder prices fell sharply, downstream consumption fell short of expectations, and trade protectionism. Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the Chinese People’s University, is currently the Executive Director of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.