For the fifth time in the year of titanium powder, the pioneers benefited from the one-size-fits-all chain, which further increased the level of profitability.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than average industry Price adjustment announcement issued by the python pelican: TNT supply is tight due to market conditions. Prices sold in the main camp for titanium powder (including titanium powder sulphate, titanium powder chloride) of various models, at the original price
We believe that the adjustment in the prices of this product will have a positive impact on overall performance. titanium powder continues to raise prices, and industry has benefited significantly: the titanium powder industry has been a champion since 2017.
The arcade raises prices five times, all model titanium powders cumulatively increase by $3900 per ton, and the export product prices increase by $550 per ton. The current main price of titanium powder is $19,000-19,500. The company's net profit is higher in the first quarter, and we expect that the corporate performance ring will continue to improve in the second quarter.
For the first time, the export price increase exceeded domestic prices: the price of this price increase was higher than domestic prices. 2. The performance of the titanium powder industry in the first quarter was higher than expected. The volume of titanium powder exports in January/February of this year grew by more than 15% on a year-on-year basis.
The recovery in industry has greatly improved demand for overseas titanium powder, and the future demand of emerging markets in India has further enhanced the profile of the domestic titanium industry.
The price of titanium is rising, contributing to the price of titanium powder; the price of titanium concentrate has been rising since 2017, as a result of environmental events in 2016 and export policies in major importing countries. The price of titanium is rising by 40%, the price of titanium powder by 20%, and prices will continue to rise in the future, amounting to titanium white.
With 600,000 tons of titanium mineral power, the company will benefit from the benefits of an integrated industrial chain that will further increase profitability. The supply and demand patterns have gradually improved, and the industry landscape has continued to rise: there is a large margin between supply and demand in the industry.
Improved: The recovery of overseas property has led to a sustained increase in domestic exports, and the stabilization of domestic demand: the contraction of domestic supply of titanium powder, influenced by environmental constraints and the phasing out of small-scale capacity, as well as the gradual closure of high-cost production capacity by the overseas giants in 2015. The double improvement in supply and demand has contributed to the recovery in industry.
Kwok Yifan, as a leader in the titanium industry, will benefit fully from the continued upswing in the industry. I have less environmental control than expected, resulting in the release of productive capacity, and less recovery from overseas economies.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.