The chemical industry has increased significantly in the first quarter, and the tap premium continues to be the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incident: The company released its first quarter of 2017 report, which achieved operating income of $2.35 billion, or 273.9 per cent, over the reporting period; net profit of $590 million, or 3440.8 per cent, over the same period, while the company increased its performance by increasing prices of prepaid prices: in 17 years q1 the company increased the price of titanium powder products four times, to the domestic level
The aggregate increase of $3,200 per ton for all types of clients, the cumulative increase of $400 per ton for international clients, and the sharp increase in product prices contributed to elasticity. And the company owns titanium powder to produce the raw material, which is less affected by upstream price fluctuations in raw materials, and the Māori rate is relatively high.
The titanium powder industry continues to improve, and price increases will continue. The supply side reform and environmental pressures have resulted in an optimal supply and demand structure and rising prices. From a demand perspective, the recovery in the domestic real estate and automobile industries has led to a rise in the demand for titanium powder, as well as the withdrawal of foreign capacity and the international titanium powder market.
From the point of view of supply, environmental policies have led to production restrictions, with production starting at less than 60% in the first quarter of 2017, and supply of titanium is unlikely to increase significantly in the near future due to the lack of new capacity.
The price increase is supported by a sustained base, and the price of titanium powder is expected to remain high in the future. The flagship companies with titanium mines benefit from the titanium powder cycle.
The company signed a stock transfer agreement and a titanium purchase framework agreement on March 10 with all Rill's shareholders, which will generate 100% of Rill's cash revenues.
Shares, and purchases over the next three years of the rhino concentrates, amounting to about 480,000 tons. Rhett, as a more powerful company in titanium processing in the western part of the country, can effectively ease supply constraints in titanium mines and reduce the impact of price fluctuations in upstream raw materials on product Maori.
The arcade will continue to benefit from a large cycle of titanium powder.
The titanium powder giants that rise in the cycle (2016-08-24) 4.
The material area (2016-07-20) has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for its specific recommendations or views in the present report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.