Three-quarterly performance rating in 2024: steady growth in performance, with a lot of things going on,  high profit growth, steady growth in revenue and Māori: company revenue in the first three quarters of 2024
▪ The business blocks are moving forward in depth around the “Screen of the Screen” development strategy: at the heart of technology, the company constructed the business development architecture of the “1+4+n+Ecology Chain” to extend the value chain in order to discover additional long-terms. 1) The showware business, where the company’s 8.6-generation amoled production line took place on 25 September this year.
In September of this year, the company opened a series of networking innovations, such as Wisdom Offices, Smart Trades, Smart Cars, Smart Education, Smart Factories, Smart Exhibitions, etc.
Markets; 3) mled business, where companies launch their first p0.3-microled vehicle for display products at the ipc conference. mledhead crystal core project is fully launched and is expected to be completed by the end of December of 24th year.
The company's first large-scale production line at the Golden Bay factory was successful in lighting up micro led products; 4) Smart Doctors' business, which currently operates four digital hospitals in Beijing, Fertilizer, Chengdu, and Suzhou. Chengdu Smart Care Center has completed construction work to promote reserve customers.
The signing process is well under way. In the future, medical workers will be built at the Beijing life technology industry base in the village of China.
With head-client certification, it's a powerful engine of growth. The lc smart screen is the innovation of the company's focus on incubation.
The n-curve is a possible growth curve for the company. Kyoto is actively exploring new business areas, which will focus in the future on emerging areas such as glass-based, ore mines.
Kyotoa (000725); Quarterly 2024: :
A self-inflicted smart factory - Viet Nam Smart Terminal II, with a target of 3 million electric power plants, 7 million monitors and 4 million electronic paper per year, is expected to start production in 25 years and expand the company's capacity.
The company's mled lightbox has been successfully landed in Brazil, and the visibility of the brand has increased. At the same time, the vehicle shows that it has completed the introduction of head-carrying companies abroad, and that the volume of shipments remains industry-wide and contributes to the company's performance.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Against the backdrop of a gradual recovery in industrial demand, we look forward to the company being subjected to a profit panel industry cycle reversal and fast-tracking of mled, maintaining the previous profit forecast, and foreseeing that Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.