The three-quarter growth in the year-on-year harvest, the same increase in the Māori rate, the electronics, the optical optical electrons.
qoq+0.0pct. In the context of the monthly decline in the prices of the icdtv panel in July-September, the company achieved a growth in the co-generation ring, and a largely flat Māori rate ring. 3024 pushed demand up the tv panel with an old new policy, with a 9% increase in the company ' s television board volume.
According to Dickinson, the recovery of the domestic tv market, driven by a new policy shift, led to the recovery of the August-September panel. 178 million pieces of the global lcdtv panel were delivered, a decline of 2 per cent compared to the previous year, and a break of the same value of the tv market.
Ten thousand, equal to the same. 3024 companies have 15.3 million cards, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, and 43.7 million cards in the previous three quarters, a similar increase, with 24 per cent of the city in the first place in the market. In the third quarter, the growth in corporate output is largely due to increased demand resulting from the replacement of old policies.
The mobile brand has renewed demand for soft-led panels. According to cinnoresearch, with a 52-week maximum/minimum price, a high-end flag ship, including the Appleiphone 16 series, 3024 global 0led panel demand.
Resurfacing, 3024 global amoled smartphone panels were worth about 220 million pieces, an increase of 25.3 per cent over the same year, and the ring was 0.9 per cent over the same period of 2.0 per cent for flexible amoled smartphone panels in the east of Kyoto, 17.6 per cent of the market share, and companies continued to increase the volume of high-end products such as ltpo, folding and so forth, with 8.6 generations of high-end products.
Generations of oled production lines, which are expected to be fully beneficial to the penetration of the oled panels on mobile phones and medium size investment proposals: we maintain corporate profit forecasts, and the company's business income for 2024-2026 is expected to increase on a year-on-year basis.
Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) - Quarterly improvements in profitability, start of lcd industry
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same quarter, Figure 2: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same quarter, Figure 6: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates in the same quarter
Figure 5: Corporate single-quarter combined Māori rates, parent rate net interest rates, period cost rates Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future