• Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of the opening results of the market of Yeonse and rapid growth of the business of the United States of America
The company’s Medico-American section together achieved operating income of 897 million yuan (excluding internal offsets), an increase of 130.25 per cent in the comparable caliber (excluded from Toningbo) and 4.93 per cent per cent per annum (+1.64 pct). Of this, $531 million (yoy+92.19 per cent) was collected in international medical-American operations.
The full-time company Sinclair Injection and ebd operations in the United Kingdom are progressing well, and the overseas markets are now growing well. The domestic medical and American business collects $413 million (yoy+263.50%) and the full capital.
The market has expanded well since the end of the market, with more than 500 co-operative hospitals now contracted, more than 900 certified doctors trained, and five nationally certified inoculation training bases completed. Moreover, in March 2022, the glocialspa entered the Chinese market.
Since May 2022, Hinko-Mi has been on the rise since May 2022, seeing a steady recovery in the pharmaceutical industry and a better growth in the industrial micro-organisms industry, a subsidiary of Central America and the Middle East, earning 5.5 billion yuan in business in the first half of the year.
+1.4%; net profit of 1,064 million yuan, i.e. 3.7%, net profit from non-repatriation. Of this, q2 achieved the trend and performance gradually entered the growth path. Corporate industrial microbiology plates, driven by faster growth in overseas markets for anti-infection and pharmaceutical intermediate raw material products, were maintained.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of $12.211 billion, compared to +8.95%, and the company continued to grow deep into the Zhejiang market, expanding off-the-hospital markets and accelerating agency expansion.
In the first half of the year, R & D costs for companies amounted to $567 million, compared to +29.49 per cent, and R & D cost rates, including (license-in), have continued to develop and create new product lines that cover the full cycle of R & D, and the company has stored 43 items in the project on Innovative Medicines and Biological Similar Medicines, of which 4
At the end of the year, a request for a license to market obesity or overweight adaptive disorders was obtained in July 2022.
On the medical side, the company has acquired non-surgical medical injection products and energy sources (000963.sz).
Thirty-six, of which 21 are already on the market, both within and outside the country, and 15 are studying global innovation products.
A “light” approach, with full coverage of the “injection plus instrument” medical mainstream medical beauty field, has formed an integrated product cluster, and has launched a first equity incentive scheme for the long-term development of companies, highlighting long-term growth confidence.
The company introduced a restrictive equity incentive scheme (draft) in 2022, which granted a total of 117 persons, including directors, senior managers, middle managers and core technical (business) staff who worked in the company (including subsidiaries) at the time of the company ' s announcement of the plan.
The year's performance evaluation is aimed at increasing the firm's long-term incentives to mobilize the full range of its employees on the basis of a 2021 deduction of its net profit ($2.2 billion), and also highlights the company's high-profile domestic market for medicine and beauty, the rapid growth of the industry, its rich and diverse products and its continuous upgrading.
The company focuses on products such as light medicine, boulic acid, bottox, photovoltaic equipment, etc., and the medically-feededed 2.0 pounds of young girl Pin Yeon-seon, which are gradually released, followed by a large number of product tubes, with no sustainable growth momentum. The company is expected to grow in 2022-2024 ps, respectively.
The company ' s products are not as developed as expected, medical equipment nmpa is registered longer than expected, competition in the medical and aesthetic sector is increasing, markets are not sold as expected, etc. Using information on legal compliance, this report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.