Medical Health Research Center Smegrum Clinical Trials for Injection fluids were approved and enriched with endocrine cord layouts.
On 30 June 2022, the company issued a circular stating that 39.8 per cent of the participating companies of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of China, China and China, held shares in Chongqing, had received a letter of approval for drug clinical trials from Nmpa, which had been submitted by the Chinese-American and Chinese-China-China-Qing and Chinese-led company, which had applied for the Smegrum Injecting Liquid Clinical Trials.
The swirling fluids are glp-1 receptor agonists, the original research firms are Nord and Nord, and their diabetes adaptive disorders are marketed in the United States, Europe, and China; obesity or overweight adaptive disorders are approved in the United States, Europe, and have not yet been approved in the country.
1. “Performance is what is expected, industry is becoming more stable - the company has developed a good branding and market base in the field of diabetic medicine for years, and the approval of a clinical trial for diabetic adaptive disorders in the Megrupe 2 injection fluid will further enrich the Chinese medicine in the field of diabetes.
"New Ei Yeon-seok is over-expected, pharmaceutical industry and industry Endocrine Treatment and product layout of glp-1 targets, contributing to the further upgrading of the company's core competition for accelerated transformation - 3-quarterly review of Chinese medicine."
3. “The upgrading of the quality of the pharmaceutical industry, the global expansion of the medical industry, and the emergence of industrial micro-organisms are becoming more stable. Some of the price-cutting effects of the products are being phased out, with prospects for recovery and sustained growth in the future.
In addition, companies actively deploy industrial micro-organisms, construct critical technological systems for the development and production of micro-organisms, and the emergence of innovative drug layouts, which are expected to be marketed to drive long-term company development.
Medical products are sold as expected, with a combination of domestic and foreign releases driving the growth of the plate. The company’s medico-American business focuses on the most recent products and instruments in the area of facial microscopic and skin management.
We believe that young women’s needles + whites are expected to lead to higher yields in the company’s medical and aesthetic business. As research products are approved, medical panels are expected to continue to grow.
There is uncertainty about the development of the epidemic; product R & D is not as fast as expected; increased competition in product markets leads to net interest rate downside risks: market diffusion is not as high as expected.