The Medical Health Research Centre has performed well as expected.
On 9 August, the company released its mid-year report for 2022, in which it achieved business income of $18.2 billion (+6.5 per cent) in the first half of the year. For example, in the first half of the year, operating income increased by 9.6 per cent compared to the previous year’s report of the controlling subsidiary, Ningbo Hua, and by 8.5 per cent compared to the net profit from the deduction of the parent.
In the second quarter alone, the company achieved operating income of RMB 9.27 billion (+11.9 per cent); a net profit of RMB 636 million (+17.4 per cent) for mothers; and a net profit of RMB 573 million (+15.1 per cent) for non-mothers.
Q2 core product sales have continued to grow, becoming a central driver of corporate performance growth.
In addition, the company ' s industrial micro-organisms 2. " Performance meets expectations, industrial plates are becoming stable -
The sector continues to grow well, growing by 31 per cent over the same six-month period, with Maggie's health, M.S. Goko, X. 3. The new product, Yeon-seok, is over-expected, and the pharmaceutical industry and industry will gradually become productive, leading to sustained growth in their performance.
Accelerating Transition - Three Quarterly Review of Medicines in the East of China. Billion Dollars (excluding internal offsets) and 130% increase in comparable calibres (excluding Toningbo).
At home, the number of certified doctors trained exceeds 900, and five national point-testing physicians have completed the layout of the training base. The company's photo-electric beauty device, “Cool Snow,” is officially on the market, and is expected to lead to an increase in performance throughout the year.
Equity incentives have increased the certainty of performance growth. Companies have published equity incentive schemes, with a limited stock of 5 million shares (about 0.286% of total equity) to be awarded, with the total number of first-time incentives awarded to 117 persons, including directors, senior managers, middle-level managers and core technology (industry)
We look forward to the sound development of the company ' s pharmaceutical industry and circulation, and the boom in medical and aesthetic operations. Uncertainty is expected in the development of the yuanwei@qjzq.com.cn epidemic; the pace of product R & D is not as high as expected; and increased competition in product markets leads to net growth.
Interest rate downside risks: market spreads are not as high as expected risks, etc.