Launch of the equity incentive scheme, new products for the benefit of Apple, summary evaluation report/electronic components.
A total of 30 million grants, representing about 1.15 per cent of total equity, and a total of 630 incentives, are proposed to implement equity incentives that will fully motivate management and staff and enhance the drive for development in four areas \triangleright \triangleright
1. Under this incentive scheme, the company intends to grant 15 million restricted shares to the incentive audience, which will account for a maximum of 48 months of total equity, and the incentive scheme will be valid for a total of 630 persons, including directors, deputy general managers, financial directors, clerks, etc.
The Unit, in contrast to the trend of depth of 300,3 we believe that this equity incentive scheme, which is large in number and involves a large number of staff, will effectively stimulate the subjective dynamics of management and staff and enhance the dynamics of the company ' s internal development.
Apples like iphonex are being released, industrial chains are in intensive readiness, and companies are being released. Recently, apples have released new products like iphone8/8plus, iphonex, which carry 2.5 d glass before and after.
Goods, industrial chains, in the second half of the year, are in the intensive reserve phase, and corporate performance is in the release phase. We believe that ifonex is very innovative, mobile phone appearances will be so great that it will lead a new wave of rotations, and companies will continue to be re-affirmed by the idea that it is intended to issue transhipments, expand and protect glass capacity, and consolidate the competitive edge of the industry.
\triangleright 1 \The company intends to publicly issue a transferable loan for a total amount of up to $4.8 billion for the consumption of electronics appearances, a project for the construction of protective glass (to be invested in the collection of $3.4 billion) and a project for the construction of window-protected glass (to be invested)
In addition, there will be an increase in wireless charge penetration.
It is hoped that the era of applications to promote the scale of non-metal backcaps will be advanced. Glasses, as one of the most mature non-metal options, are expected to take the lead in large-scale implementation of the “Mal Middle Box + Double Glass” program, glass will be doubled in use, and mobile glass markets will be significantly expanded.
In 2016, the Lanths Technology Replenishment Holding Metalware Processor, Shenzhen Dreams, moved into the metal package plus industry, improved the layout of the “Mal Middle Box + Glass Before and After” business, and provided a one-stop shop for mobile terminal manufacturers.
Services. The average glass market price is $20 to $30, the metal middle frame market price is more than $100, and the value of the “Gold is performing as expected, market share is increasing continuously” scheme, which is center + front and back, will be more than $150, which will greatly boost the company's product.
Value. We believe that the issuance of a fungible debt would optimize the asset structure of the company, meet the demand for orders to expand the appearance of protective glass, take advantage of the scale, and further strengthen the main industry.
The company is a leading global consumer of electronics-protected glass, focusing on the development, production and marketing of protection panels, with a core competitive advantage of mature manufacturing processes, volume capacity, top consumer electronic customer resources, and new materials such as sapphire, ceramics, etc. will create new growth points.
1. Consumer electronics demand is not as high as expected;2 consumer electronics market preferences are changing;3 and the project is not on track to reach production, tmt team leader.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.