New requirements for the appearance of beneficiary mobile phones, reported performance in line with expectations Summary evaluation report/electronic components Report performance in line with expectations and expected release and volume of products from large clients, including apples, in the second half of the year
\triangleright 1 \triangleright 1 During the reporting period, the development of new products from upstream customers accelerated, the company ' s co-developed multi-valued new products resulted in a significant increase in its market share of major clients and higher sales of company products compared to the same period the previous year
Growth; the new production base at Xiaoyang Nam Park is progressing well and is actively preparing for large clients, and there has been some improvement in manpower growth: the Xiaoshan Lake Base is in the process of consolidation and technological improvement and is not yet fully operational, and the related assets are being depreciated: the impact of non-recurring gains and losses on the net profits of the current period is approximately $83,728,000.
In our view, smartphone sales are seasonal, generally higher in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, and the second half of the year will mark the period of intense release and output of new global smartphones. Apples will be in the second half of the year.
The annual release of iphone8 with 2.5d glass panels will lead to a 2.5d/3d glass innovation current. As 2.5d/3d glass sheets are released and the rate of 3d glass sheets continues to rise, the company will serve as a major supplier for customers such as berries, Samsung, Hwa, vivo, opo, Mi, and association in the second half of the year.
The pace of performance growth will be significantly faster than in the first half of the year, with the proposed roll-over, expansion to protect glass capacity, consolidation of competitive advantages in the industry,1 and the company's proposed public roll-out of the roll-out for a total amount of up to $4.8 billion for the consumption of electronics.
The project for the construction of protective glass (to be invested in the collection of $3.4 billion), the project for the construction of protective glass from windows (to be invested in the collection of $1.4 billion)2 and the proximity of the 5g era, with the non-metallicization of the back of a mobile phone, a trend that will increase the penetration rate of wireless chargers.
It is hoped that the era of applications to promote the scale of non-metal backcaps will be advanced. Glasses, as one of the most mature non-metal options, are expected to take the lead in large-scale implementation of the “Mal Middle Box + Double Glass” program, glass will be doubled in use, and mobile glass markets will be significantly expanded.
In 2016, the Lanths Technology Replenishment Holdings Metalware Processor, Shenzhen Dreams, entered the metal package plus industry area, improved the layout of the “Mal Middle Box + Glass Before and After” operation, and provided a one-stop shop for mobile terminal manufacturers
Services. The general glass market price is $20 to $30, the market price for the metal box is over $100, and the value of the gold frame plus the glass front and back will be more than $150, which will significantly increase the value of the company's products. We believe that issuing a fungible debt would optimize the asset structure of the company and satisfy the extended-looking protective glass.
The demand for orders, taking advantage of the size of the project, further strengthens the main industry. 3d glass, ceramics, early layout, market space 1 and the company is one of the major suppliers of 3d glass. 3d glass +moled panels can expand the display.
In the era of appearance-winning, 3d glass will have several times the scope for growth, and the company expects to produce more than 40 million pieces of 3d glass this year, nearly doubling from last year.2 We believe that the company has a full-scale processor in the field of ceramics, from embryo manufacturing, scalding to the back.
Crafts can reduce the moderate high risk of major collections and fully benefit from the non-metalization dividend of the back caps of mobile phones.
The company is a leading global consumer of electronics protection glass, focusing on core competitions such as R & D, production and marketing, mature manufacturing processes, volume capacity, top consumer electronic customer resources, etc.
New materials, such as sapphire and ceramics, will create new growth points. Yuan. Given the company’s leading position in glass protection and industrial layout, the company was given 35 to 40 times more than in 2017, 1. Consumer electronic demand is not as high as expected; 2. Consumer electronics market preferences shift; and 3, project delivery is not on track.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Ba ' a, entrepreneurship mentor of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of experience in research in the field of tmt, China joined the NLD securities in 2016. Hu Xiaoyi, assistant in electronics research. Master’s degree in microelectronics and solid electronics from Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics from Beijing University, and in 2016, China’s NLD securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.