Recently, LanthsTech published its semi-annual report of 2017: $8,661 million in revenues in the first half of 2017.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 25.87 per cent over the same period by 53.09 per cent; the reported performance met expectations, market shares continued to rise and profitability improved significantly \triangleright
1. (1) In its performance forecast, the company predicts that the net return profit in the first half of 2017 will increase by 1.29 percentage points over the same period in the previous year. (3) Three major operations - mobile phone window/platform computer protection, and the main reasons for the growth in company performance: 1) the company benefits from the rise of a national product-plating mobile phone company, which is active.
The market has seen an increase in orders, production and sales, and the market share of large clients has continued to rise; (2) intellectual clothing, cellular ceramic back-caps, demand for metal and a significant increase in production and sales on an equal basis; and (3) cost-control synergies and economies of scale have led to improved profitability.
4. In our view, the company is a leading consumer of electronics-protected glass industry, with the relevant core technical and technological know-how, the advantages of rapid research and development, mass production, quality control, and high-quality, stable customer resources.
The new energy base and the construction of debt-transferable projects will continue, meeting the demand for orders from large clients like Apples in the second half of the year.
1. During the reporting period, the revolving fund-raising project “Consumable electronics visual glass construction project” accelerated, with some plants having produced new post-partum protective glass products; the completion of the bankruptcy reorganization process for the Lake Dong Xingshan victory company, and the acceleration of production capacity and research and development base in the South Hua region of Budang; the establishment of a Vietnamese production base, the establishment of a subsidiary and the establishment of a subsidiary.
• Completion of the acquisition of the Vietnamese Kinghua, which will provide production capacity for the downstream display panel clients; based on the new view of the town of Pond in Dongjong City, “Lance Science and Technology (300433)” Corporation: Beneficiary Production Base, creation of the Blue Sense Precision (Tung Tung) and optimization of the layout of electronic metal components for consumption.
The company is, in our view, speeding up the construction of the new energy base, the new expansion project, further optimizing the production of products such as surface-protected glass, window-protected glass, and demonstrating synergies with downstream consumer electronics.
Currently, the production-capacity layouts in several regions will be able to meet the demand for orders from large clients during the second half of the year, providing guarantees for high performance and long-term sustainability. Strong research and development capacity, working closely with clients to develop new products, forward-looking fabric ceramics, 3d glass, etc.
1. During the reporting period, companies accumulated R & D investment costs of 855 million yuan, an increase of 25.71 per cent over the same period; 136 new proprietary licences, 12 of which were patented; 269 new patents, 77 of which were patented; and the appearance was the direction in which high-end products in consumer electronics were sought, 3d due to the evolution of technology such as 5g, wireless charging, etc.
In the second half of the year, hardware innovations, such as full screens, wireless chargers, and displays, will drive consumer electronics into a new rotation.
2. We believe that companies have mature, efficient, rapid R & D and adequate technological reserves, and that joining customers into a large number of new product R & D will enhance the customer’s viscousness and promise to bring more orders to provide effective technical support to raise the project’s capacity to produce.
New products, new technologies will be configured to adapt to future changes and trends in the consumer electronics industry, and will provide customers with debt swaps to provide financial security for the expansion of production capacity.1 During the reporting period, companies proposed to issue up to $4.8 billion in convertable corporate bonds for consumer electronics.
The project for the construction of glass for physical protection (to be invested in 3.4 billion yuan) and the project for the construction of glass for windows (to be invested in 1.4 billion yuan to provide financial support for the new production base of the South Park and the new production base of the Lake Dong Xiaoshan; this time, the public release of the debt-transferable application has been accepted by the China CSRC.
2. We believe that the consumer electronics-protected glass industry is a capital, technology, labour-intensive industry and that the issuance of debt swaps will optimize the capital structure and meet the financial needs for the construction of the production base, and will expand the capacity, projections and investment proposals.
The company is the leading global consumer electronics protection glass industry, focusing mainly on the development, production and marketing of contact protection panels, with mature processes and mass production capabilities, new materials such as sapphire and ceramics are being created, and consumer electronic demand is falling short of expectations;2 the consumer electronics market preferences shift;3 and the project is not on track to produce.
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, China People’s University, head of the business college of China Petroleum University, and head of the business college of China, Ba ' a, entrepreneurship mentor of the Central National University; with nearly 10 years of experience in research in the field of tmt, China joined the NLD securities in 2016. Hu Xiaoyi, assistant in electronics research. Master’s degree in microelectronics and solid electronics from Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics from Beijing University, and in 2016, China’s NLD securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.