Transferable debt is approved by the CSRC, benefiting 5g and wireless charger Summary evaluation/electronic component recently, Lancets published an announcement: public release of convertable corporate bonds for issuance by CSRC.
Approval by the Audit Committee for the issuance of debt transferables, which will enhance the protection of glass production and benefit from 5g and wireless charging trends \triangleright
1. The company intends to publicly issue a transferable loan for a total sum of up to $4.8 billion for the consumption of electronic products for the construction of protective glass (for which the sum of $3.4 billion is to be invested) and the construction of window protection glass (for which the sum of $1.4 billion is to be invested).
As the age of 2, 5g approaches, the non-metallicization of the back of the cell phone is a trend. Also, the increase in wireless charge penetration is expected to advance the age of application of non-metal backcoats. Glasses, as one of the most mature non-metal options, are expected to take the lead in the large-scale introduction of the “Mal Middle Box + Two-Face Glass” program, glass.
The use of sheeting is expected to double, and the size of the mobile glass market will expand significantly.3 In 2016, the Lanths Technology Replenishment Control Metalware Processor, the Shenzhen Dream Workshop, moved into the metal package plus industry area, improved the “Mal Middle Box + Glass Up front” business layout, and provided a one-stop shop for mobile terminal manufacturers.
Services. We believe that issuing a fungible debt will optimize the asset structure of the company, meet the demand for orders to expand the appearance of glass protection, take advantage of the size, and further strengthen the dominant industry. The company will follow up actively to advance the issue of tradable debt issuance, taking into account its medium- and long-term development potential.
Apples like iphonex are being released, industrial chains are in intensive supply stages, and companies are making progress. Recently, apples have released new products like iphone8/8plus, iphonex, which carry 2.5 d glass before and after.
Goods, industrial chains, in the second half of the year, are in intensive readiness, and corporate performance is in release. We believe that ifonex is very innovative, mobile phone appearances will be so great that it will lead a new wave of rotations, and companies will continue to be re-affirmed that the proposed introduction of equity incentives will fully motivate management and staff to upgrade the company's internal life.
The incentive scheme is valid for a maximum of 48 months, with a total of 630 persons, including directors, deputy general managers, financial directors, clerks, etc.
“LanceTechnology (300433) Company Review: In the case of the Chinese press,3 we believe that this equity incentive scheme, which is large in number and involves a large in number of employees, will effectively stimulate the subjective dynamics of management and staff and enhance the dynamics of the company's internal development.
The company is a leading global consumer of electronics protection glass, focusing on core competitions such as R & D, production and marketing, mature manufacturing processes, volume capacity, top consumer electronic customer resources, etc.
New materials such as sapphire and ceramics will create new growth points. 1 - Consumer electronic demand is less than expected; 2 - Consumer electronics market preferences shift; 3 - Project delivery is not on track, tmt team leader.
tmt Research experience in 2016, Contributory Democratic Bonds. Hu Xinjiang, Research Assistant in the Electronics Industry. M.A. in Microelectronics and Solid Electronics, Beijing University, Bachelor of Microelectronics, 2016, Allied Democratic Securities.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,