On the night of August 11, 2017, LansyTech published its semi-annual report, which generated 86.61 of camp revenue.
Billion dollars, 53.09 per cent more than the previous year, $311 million in net return profit, 25.87 per cent more than the same year, and Zhang Xinjing's firm development and growing profitability.
During the first half of 2017, which benefited from the innovation of the international top-notch mobile phone brand to new machine-type designs, there was a strong demonstration effect on other mobile phone brands in the country, with demand for corporate orders surged, generating $8,661 million, an increase of 53.09 per cent.
The demonstration role of top cellular brands has led to a rapid increase in demand for corporate products from domestic and foreign cellular brands. During the reporting period, earnings from corporate external sales increased by 47.33 per cent over the reporting period, revenues from intra-product sales increased by 88.66 per cent over the same period, with a slight increase in the Māori rate; on the other hand, this is still attributable to the need for downstream terminal markets in the first half of 2016.
Weaknesses and price pressures on clients. This contrasts with the rapid rate of company comparison with the previous year, which still requires a climbing process; (2) there are differences in the processing process between large client products, the need for a staff member, and the cost of training increases the current human cost.
Pointing, profitability continued to rise, and Māori increased as mobile phone manufacturers gradually imported glass cover from 2017, while 3d glass itself had a higher Māori rate than 2.5d/2d glass. And flatboard computer shielding revenue increased by 49.74% over the same period the previous year, with Māori rates.
13.12 per cent, a decline of 3.41 percentage points from the same period the previous year, which was influenced by the global flat-bed market, the volume of total shipments is decreasing year by year, and the company has invested some of its flat-plate-protected linen capacity in front of the cellular glass plate to cope with the growing cellular glass-plating business, which has led to this block.
In terms of financial costs, the increase is mainly a result of borrowing. Income tax costs are $41 million, or 449.22 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the increase in profits and the simultaneous increase in income tax costs.
As a result, and given that the newly acquired Pine Hill Lake base is still in the consolidation and technological redevelopment phase, and that losses are expected to generate new momentum, Lancey is expected to be stronger by not confirming the extension of income tax. Taxes and surcharges have increased by 57.36% over the same period, mainly due to the new Ministry of Finance.
This has led to the transfer of taxes and fees related to real estate taxes, land taxes, etc., and has resulted in: (1) the Lanthy Science (Long Sha) base, which is still under construction, taking on more research and development tasks as a production base for multiple purposes of the company, resulting in a temporary loss for Chang Shalanth.
Net profit achieved in the reporting period - 82 million yuan; (2) In December 2016, the company participated in the bankruptcy reorganization plan for the United Science and Technology Cup with its own funds of $1,220 million, but did not start production during the reporting period, mainly due to the depreciation of the plant, equipment and land at the original recorded value
and amortization costs, adjustment of the value of the acquisition at the merger level, renaming of a net profit from the operation - 0.57 billion yuan net cash flow from operating activities - 1,559 million yuan net, an increase of 169.82 per cent over the same period, net cash flow from investing activities - company-related assets, and the establishment of a new Viet Nam production base to pay for the increase in net cash flow from financing activities.
Net cash and equivalents increase by 185 million yuan, compared to the same amount, and we believe that corporate business development is stable, profitability continues to increase, and research and development investment continues to grow.
With the development of new technologies such as wireless charge and 5g communications, aluminum alloy phones have their own electromagnetic shield.
And glass material, with its cost and performance advantages, is gradually becoming the dominant material in the back of a cell phone. Companies have been engaged in curing glass processing for many years, accumulated a wealth of production experience and, as old production lines are further remodeled, the production of new lines is fully available, and the first half of the year has been delivered.
400 million and 860 million in 2016, and given the traditional low seasons in the first two quarters of each year, a rapid increase is expected throughout 2017. With the exception of the Yuyang Nam Production Base, there are currently 10,000 other production lines with over 50% of new products for large clients.
The 3d glass production process is complex and requires large-scale capital investment, with extremely high technical and capital barriers. Companies have been working on curved glass for years, accumulated a wealth of production experience, and have the best production technology in the entire industry.
The main clients are the top international customers, making a lot of profits, while stabilizing their own business and laying a solid foundation for technology research and development and capital spending. In the process of industrial development, Lance is expected to be strong.
The future is expected to give new impetus to the growth of companies. Companies are expanding their own operations and, while remaining in absolute leadership positions, are increasing their ability to win by billions of dollars, known as LanthyTechnology (Technology), which was formally incorporated into the merger as of 1 April; (2)
On 24 February 2017, the company established a joint venture with Xiao Quan and Ishiji Hong Kong Capital Investments Ltd., with a registered capital of 167 million yuan and a 70 per cent share in the company; (3) on 1 March 2017, Blues International (Hong Kong) and the Japanese printing company established a joint venture to write Blues and Science (Longsa) for registration.
10 million dollars, 70 per cent of the company and 10 per cent of Lance International; (4) On June 12, 2017, Lance International (Hong Kong) invested in the establishment of a Vietnamese subsidiary, the companytytnhhhsvvent nam, with a registered capital of 13,2 billion VND (equivalent to $60 million).
After a weak performance in the first half of 2016, the company's performance has been reversed since the second half of 2016.
Rapid growth. The curved glass industry is now approaching the twin trends of glass backcaping and upgrading to 3d glass, with companies with technological, capital and customer advantages in the glass processing industry, which are expected to lead the new trend, compete and expand the lead. Meanwhile, companies are on track to open new sapphire and ceramic materials.
The cost of ceramic materials decreased faster than expected; the 3d glass was less popular than expected.