Triads: Three quarter stops are now in place, and three quarter performance cut-off points for the company are now in place, with an increase in all indicators.
The Triad Group released its performance report for the first three quarters of 2017, and it achieved business income in the first three quarters. The ring grew by 36.36% over the previous three quarters, and the ring improved significantly.
The company continues to demonstrate its strong cost optimization capacity, and even though the price of ceramic plugs has declined significantly since last year, the company’s profitability has remained stable, one of the core competitiveness of the tri-ring group. Overall, the company’s performance has been reversed, and the price of ceramic plugs has stabilized in three quarters.
The volume growth was steady; the pkg envelope was successfully cut down to new downstream customers; the ceramic back-cap operation was driven by the sale of mill2 millet, with a significant increase in the overall volume of deliveries in the three quarters, but due to the timing of revenue recognition, most of the September shipments were not counted to the current season.
Three major business developments are going well, and in the future the harvest period will be reached. Fibre-optic ceramic corer business: after a sharp price reduction last year, the most difficult period has passed, with the company as a whole accounting for 70% of the total industry.
The price is now stable. The demand for fibre-optic cores will increase significantly in the future, benefiting from the large construction of the 5g macro station. Pkg covers the base: the company's Pkg covers is the only one in the country.
A company that has achieved volume production, and with the rapid withdrawal of the Japanese manufacturer ntk from China, the market share has been seized by three rings. The company’s product is mainly a sealed base for products such as crystals, saw filters, etc., with high downstream demand. The average monthly output of the company has now grown rapidly from 300 million at the beginning of the year to the current five.
Ceramic Appearance Services: From the beginning of this year's milliix, millimeter 6, essential to milliix2, user interest in the back caps of ceramics is growing and has been recognized by the market. With regard to the engine, we expect that next year's domestic hovs and Samsungs will also publish the use of ceramics.
In terms of production capacity, the company will expand to 1 million units per month by the end of the year, and to 2 million units per month next year, and the business will grow robustly in the future, thanks to the gradual release of capacity. The company’s micro-mis glue will continue to expand its product lines.
The three-quarterly stock holding Micromistres Pneumonics Ltd., a German high-tech firm focused on high-precision, high-tech glue technology, has produced products that have improved performance in mainland, South Korea, Taiwan, South-East Asia, etc.
The tri-ring group will take the opportunity to install ceramic point glue valves.
The industry is booming, the demand for glues continues to rise, and the future benefits from future outbreaks in such industries as automobiles and electronics, and the ceramic shell business is not affected, and the company's business is expected to be another strong growth point.
To use low, medium and high viscosity fluids for the process and production of the company's existing business 3. Tri-ring group: Fibre-tacking phase difficulties will also provide equipment assistance.
It's hard to get the company down in the first half of the year, and in the second half of the year, the titanium back caps started to grow.
At the same time, the company’s china sealing base state production has accelerated, and other operations are moving fast, and the company will grow more dynamic in the future. We expect that the company’s fibre-optic core price will fall faster than expected; that the back cap penetration of ceramics will be slower than expected.