Three rings: q3 performance is improving, three major operations are entering the harvest period.
In the third quarter, the company ' s ceramic viewing operations were driven by the heat sales of Mimix2 and the volume of products delivered was impressive; due to accounting factors, some of the products produced were delayed in recognition of revenue, and therefore the company was in three quarters.
In fact, business improvements are better. We see that, while the company’s fibre-optic core business has declined significantly as a result of a fall in prices on a year-on-year basis, the use of ceramics has begun to produce significant performance gains for the company.
As more mobile phones are equipped with ceramic backcaps, ceramics will be an important addition to the company, and in the future, the three major operations will continue to improve, and the fibre-optic plug-in operation will be in its most difficult phase, starting to improve in the second half. The three rings are fibre-optic plugs.
At this stage, the price of fibre-optic plugs has stabilized, and the business will grow rapidly next year as pkg is released. The pkg market space is several times more than the pkg core.
The company is expanding its capacity significantly, from 300 million to 500 million at the end of the year, and will continue to do so next year. The company will continue to do so for the next one to two years.
Market demand is on fire, and according to data from Mimixon and Kyoto, the projected number of Mimix2s has exceeded 2 million, and ceramic appearances have been recognized. The company’s products now produce hundreds of thousands of pieces per month, which are rapidly released. Next year, ov, Samsung, etc. are also expected to carry ceramic programmes, with robust growth power.
While we continue to emphasize the company’s outstanding cost optimization capabilities, we continue to emphasize the company’s outstanding capabilities. From last year to this year, the company’s fibre-optic core business prices have fallen dramatically, but the company’s products are Maori.
The rate is still stable, and cost optimization is very strong. Cost optimization is the core competitiveness of the three rings.
I, 1. Tri-ring Group: Cooperation with Long Yin and discontinued, with no impact on the ceramic shell operations.
2. Three-ring group: Fibre-plugged-stage difficulties that led to a decline in the company’s performance in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the titanium began to grow.