Three Rings: Equity Incentives Condensed Heart, Fibre Plug, Pkg, Ceramic Recaps, etc. Businesses are steadily moving upwards Events: Companies issue Second Restricted Stock Incentives Program (draft).
On November 9, the company announced the second restricted equity incentive plan (draft).
The equity incentive scheme covers a total of 723 persons, and is intended to award 16 million shares, or 0.9260% of the current total equity of the company, to the incentive audience. Of this, 13.6 million shares were awarded for the first time. This restricted equity incentive scheme involves directors, senior managers, core technology (business).
Seven hundred and twenty-three personnel will mobilize staff motivation, bind common interests, rally their energies, work together to advance corporate business development and contribute to performance growth.                                                                                                      *
Let us look at the third quarter of the company, with an increase of 17.70 per cent in operating income in the first quarter of 2017q3, a 1.48 per cent increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies and 36.36 per cent in the ring, and an improvement in the quarterly corporate indicators.
The fibre-optic core, pkg, and ceramic back caps are being improved and will enter the harvest period. Fibre core: prices are stable and will grow in the future. Last year and this year were the most difficult times in the company's fibre-optic core business.
Prices have stabilized, but the same price reduction effect has significantly affected the profits from fibre-optic plugs this year. The business will grow as the volume of shipments increases. Ceramic envelopes (pkg): ntk exits, and the business is growing rapidly. On the demand side,
Smart hardware significantly increases the demand for crystalline vibrations, leading to an increase in demand for pkg. In addition, increased demand for saw filter applications will also drive up demand for pkg. At the supply end, pkg is largely monopolized by porcelains, friends, ntk, and tri-rings, and now Ntk is out of the market, benefiting the three-ring.
The three rings are now in short supply, with capacity expanding from 300 million per month to 500 million per month by the end of the year, and the company’s business continues to grow at a high rate in the coming year, and will continue to grow at a high rate in the next 1-2 years. Ceramic recaps: after millet, other brand manufacturers are expected to be involved.
The market was very well-known for the three rings of ceramic back caps. Looking ahead, oppo, vivo, Samsung, Hua have a strong interest in the backs of ceramics, and they've all done the three rings. Next year, we figure, besides Mi, it's expected that other brand manufacturers will be involved.
Three rings: Three quarter stop points are now in place to watch the long-term development of the three branches of the company's operations The application of ceramic backcaps.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating 2. Three rings: q3 improved performance, ceramic appearances are consistent with the trend towards non-metallicization of smartphones.
Future prospects for the development of the company ' s porcelain appliance business, while the company ' s porcelain sealing base is a national product of 3.3 rings group: working with the Yin and Ying to end, accelerating over time, other operations are moving fast, and companies are growing up with sufficient momentum. We expect the company to grow in the future.
Ceramic shell operations were not affected, fibre-optic core core prices fell faster than expected, and the back cap penetration of ceramics was slower than expected.