The performance of IT technology hardware and equipment shows that the high barriers porcelain platform is about to develop rapidly The event: the company released a three-quarterly report on 30 October and realized sales revenue of 21.1 in the previous three quarters
The income profit ring has increased significantly, and performance has been seen. The company has achieved a sales gain of 100 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 47.9 per cent in the ring; the three-quarter Maori ring has increased by 3.52 per cent, and the net interest rate ring has increased by 2.46 per cent, indicating an improvement in the corporate income structure and a marked performance catch.
Ceramic backhells gradually increase their performance. Long-term beneficial use of cellular backhells demetallicizes. Three rings are the main suppliers of milliix2 and sessionial energy. Three quarters of them are driven by milliix2 heat, and ceramic backshells are now growing in volume and performance.
At present, there is a low penetration rate of ceramic backshells and a large space for expansion. In addition to the product of cellular backhells, the three rings provide furloughs to Bourne and Long Ying for back-track processing, which together promote the development of the ceramic backshell industry.
The tri-ring group has the full capacity to process from powder to wool to rear, and the high barriers to the process will benefit significantly from the porcelain backhell outbreak process. 40,728/23,159
25. 49/15.60 The company ' s crystallized china seal has a strong downstream demand, and this year the company has made a major expansion and gradually released its capacity;
Ceramic envelopes for voice filters are also expected to be produced in 2018: Ceramic envelopes, which can also be used in the field of radio frequency, can expand space. Ceramic fibre plugs are priced at a steady price and will benefit 5g in the future. Ceramic fiber plugs are priced.
The company will benefit from a wave of five-g-building. A high-barrel integrated ceramic platform will produce more new pottery products in the future.
Three-ring research institutes have been set up, and research and development projects cover areas of specialization such as composite materials, optical devices, new energy sources, electronic components, electronic slurry and non-standard machinery design, software, industrial automation, simulation, and thermal engineering. It is hoped that new ceramics will be introduced in the future, creating new profit growth points.
The high-barrel porcelain platform is about to develop rapidly.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.