Equity incentives, blueprints for core staff, information technology hardware and equipment Equity incentives, blueprints for core staff
Event: The company announces today its equity incentive scheme to award 16,000,000 restricted shares to the incentive audience and 723 core employees, representing 0.9260% of the total equity stock of the company at the time of this incentive announcement.
Equity incentives are now in place, considering the future. This equity incentives are granted to 723 current company directors, senior managers, core technicians and other core staff. 13.6 million shares are awarded for the first time to allow core staff to share the dividends of the company ' s rapid growth; and they are reserved.
2.4 million shares, which are incentives for future companies to introduce talent reserves. The company is now making a major effort to introduce talent.
The telecom porcelain shell is in the making. Three rings of porcelain backhells are already high on mix2.
The High Barrier Ceramic Platform will be a success. On November 9, 2017, at the China-United States Entrepreneurs Dialogue, the two countries signed a $12 billion chip order.
The Mimix2unibody version shows that Mi uses ceramic backhells as the direction of its long-term strategy to transform high-end machines. Ceramic backhells are increasingly recognized in the market, and more and more manufacturers are following them; the ceramic backhells have long benefited from mobile phones going to metals.
If the penetration rate rises to 5% in the future, the market space can reach $20 billion without coming to market space, and the tri-ring group benefits significantly. The company’s other business is growing rapidly.
Ceramic tiles are about to be produced; mlcc has recently benefited from a 5g wave of construction over a long period of time as a result of a large increase in the price of missing goods.
The Institute, strengthening corporate R & D, and the firm's outreach efforts this year to strengthen R & D; the tri-ring group has a full range of process capabilities ranging from powder to fur to scalding and back-processing, building on the existing technological base, developing new products, and is expected to produce more new ceramic products in the future, generating new profits.
An investment proposal and a rating: net corporate profits are expected to be based on equity incentives for 17 to 19 years, with a blueprint for the core workforce.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report