The three-quarters have improved over the medium term, the wealth transition has continued to be positive, the performance of the three-quarters has improved over the medium term, the growth of operating income has accelerated, the growth of interest income has accelerated, the revenue from fees has continued to grow faster, other non-interests have improved, stock risks have continued to be cleared and asset quality has improved.
The wealth transition has continued to be positive, with sales, finance, etc. The current pressure on the quality of corporate stock assets has continued to move forward as the company’s stock risks have been phased out, the strategic transformation has continued to improve over the past three quarters, and the wealth transformation has continued to be positive.
Deepening of business improvements, continuous activation of the stock pool, or gradual improvement in financial performance. Maintenance of increased ratings.
Income grew by 1.9 per cent over the same period, a slight increase of 1.4 percentage points over the first half of the year, and net interest income increased by 4.8 per cent per quarter for the third quarter, compared with 4.6 percentage points in the previous two quarters.
In the first three quarters, interest-free income rose by 1.235 billion yuan, a 7.5 per cent increase over the same period, which was faster in the medium term. Of these, net revenue from fees increased by 27.0 per cent over the same period in the first three quarters and 18.3 per cent over the same period in the first three quarters, which underpinned the growth in revenue.
Improvement of the intermediate business development model for diversification and light capital, with an increase of 10 per cent in the wealth management category in the previous three quarters, higher than the increase in non-interest income, and rapid growth in the marketing business: three months of sales of personal finances over $15 billion, 52 per cent increase in sales of private equity funds from the beginning of the year.
The size of the insurance is 37% higher than at the beginning of the year. North Bank finance was approved in August, and the establishment of the treasury will push the company to a new stage of inter-firm business development and accelerate the growth of profits.
The company had a double drop at the end of the third quarter, with a negative loan rate of 1.59 per cent, a decrease of 5bp over the second quarter, which accelerated the process and caused short-term disturbance of the company's negative indicators, while the outbreak has been the cause of the epidemic since the third quarter.
Impediments, such as a slowdown, are gradually eliminated, and the disposal of bad assets continues to advance; incremental gains are being made in terms of policy effectiveness.
Bank: The downside of the economy of the city comptoirsii leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets that is more than expected, and regulatory controls that are more than expected.
Summary of performance: The Beijing Bank returned the parent ' s net profit of $19,361 million in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period. Net interest income increased by 1.9 per cent over the previous three quarters, net non-interest income increased by 7.5 per cent over the previous three quarters, with other non-interest income falling by 5.2 per cent over the same period, net fee income increased by 27.0 per cent over the same period, generating business income increased by 3.2 per cent over the same period, total corporate assets grew by 4.1 per cent at the beginning of the third quarter and loans by 5.0 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Deposits increased by 10.3 per cent, non-performing loan rate by 1.59 per cent, provision coverage by 200.25 per cent and core-level capital adequacy rate by 9.96 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, with performance contributions derived mainly from size, non-interest income and provisions. Income from the first three quarters increased by 3.2 per cent over the same period, with net interest income rising slightly over the medium term, and fee income continued to be driven by wealth management operations
Keeping up with faster growth, along with other improvements in investment-related non-interest rates; keeping corporate stock risks clean and improving asset quality. Increasing provision for reduced counter-feeding profits, stable stock provision, and smooth resilience to risk.
The risk-weighted assets of the first three quarters grew at a rate of 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, below the loan rate of 4.8 per cent, and capital targets were effectively raised at all levels: 9.96 per cent, 13.44 per cent and 14.62 per cent respectively at the core level of the Bank of Beijing at the end of the third quarter, an increase of 0.43, 3.10 and 3.09 percentage points.
Loans slowed down, retail customer base pushed growth in average daily savings deposits 4.2 per cent over the year at the end of the third quarter, with loans increasing 4.8 per cent over the year, 2.6 percentage points below the medium-term rate, loan ring balances rising, net interest income rising at speeds similar to Piti
Net interest income increased by 1.9 per cent in the previous three quarters compared to a slight increase of 1.4 percentage points in the first half of the year. In the first quarter, net interest income increased by 4.8 per cent in the first quarter of the third quarter compared to 4.6 percentage points in the previous two quarters. In the second quarter, interest income increased at a narrower rate, interest expenditure increased, and the end of the liability increased in the same quarter compared to the asset end of the previous quarter.
The first three Lidus grew by 12.5% over the same period, faster than in the medium term. Of this, the first three Lidus increased their net fees by 27.0% over the same period, and the first three quarters by 18.3% over the same quarter.
A rich management platform, improved diversification, a light capital intermediate business development model, an increase of 10 per cent over the same time in the wealth management category in the previous three quarters, higher than the increase in non-interest income, and a fast-growing sales business: three months of personal finance inflows for sales, exceeding 15 billion yuan, 52 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year, and 37 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year.
A new phase of inter-firm business development is taking place, with faster growth in profitability. Stock risk is continuously cleared, asset quality is improving, companies are failing to double down, with a negative loan rate of 1.59 per cent at the end of the three quarters, a decrease of 5 bp over the two-quarter period and a decline in the negative loan balance over the two-quarter round.
Short-term disturbances are marked, while negative factors, such as delays in write-off due to the epidemic, have gradually been eliminated since the last three quarters, and the disposal of bad assets has continued to advance; Increment, credit risk can be controlled under such measures as policy guidance, access management in focus areas, and a single-quarter negative net productivity of 0.91 per cent, with a link of 19bp below.
In the previous three quarters, there was a 2.4 per cent decline in impairment losses on a year-on-year basis, as stock-risk assets were phased out, the pressure to make provision would result in a downward economic deterioration in asset quality that was more than expected. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy, as well as the profitability of the economy, thereby affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
Continuation, if interest rate regulation is either expected by the supermarkets of the concessionary policy or will affect the bank ' s profitability performance.