Retail transformation and asset quality recovery Events: October 28, Beijing Bank issued a 22q3 financial report. 51.39 billion yuan, yoy+3.2 per cent, 22q1-q3; net profit to mothers 19.36 billion, yoy+6.5 per cent; bad rate 1.59 per cent, provision coverage
The profit growth is robust. 22q1-q3 camp, the net profit return is increased at the same rate as the relative rate +1.5 pct, -1.4 pct. 22q1-q3 net interest income + 1.9% of the same rate + 1.5 pct is collected by the rounding.
Growth is a major contributor; in the case of non-interest income, it continues to grow strongly, at a rate of +27.0% per year, and corporate financial disclosure mainly reflects faster growth in revenue from agency and commission operations, or reflects better progress in the transformation of its retail business. Other non-interest income is the same as -5.2%, but the marginal changes have been better, with an increase of 6.7 pct.
\triangleright \triangleright residual gold \, superimposed market interest rate centerline background, driving q3 to achieve other non-interestable income of $2.5 billion in one season, same
Compared to +8.0%. The expansion at the end of the three quarters slowed slightly, but net interest income increased at a better pace, with a projected net rate of net interest.
Retail transitions are showing positive results, and wealth operations are growing rapidly. Retail transitions drive the spread of debt end prices to good \triangleright 1. Beijing Bank (601169.sh) reported in mid-2022:
The average daily savings deposit was +12.9 per cent at the beginning of the year, with core deposits + 23.3 per cent at the beginning of the year, leading to a recovery in overall retail deposits, a strong increase in profits, a strong retail transition and a rapid upturn in retail aum, reaching 95.5 billion yuan as at 22q3, compared to 12.8 per cent in wealth management and management.
2. Beijing Bank (601169.sh) incident review: High-level Executive Director ' s rapid development, as of the beginning of the year 22q3 sales of private fund-raising, insurance coverage + 52 per cent, + 37 per cent, etc.
Quarterly reports for two years on the results of the retail transition, with a billion yuan head-towner, down by 1.2 billion yuan from 22H1, with a clear trend towards an improvement in the marginal quality of assets; provision for coverage of the ring ratio; investment proposals: steady growth in profits and improvement in asset quality
The retail transformation of banks in Beijing has continued, and the advantages of retail stock and wealth have been highlighted, with marginal recovery rates already under way; the marginal warming of asset quality has led to a better release of profits. The forecast for 22-24 years is that the performance of banks in Beijing as of 22q3 has increased at the same rate as the previous year, respectively.
Figure 2: Net interest income as at 22q3 and rate of increase (cumulative) in median income, figure 4: Beijing Bank total assets as at 22q3 and total loans as at rate of increase, figure 5: Bank total liabilities as at 22q3 and total deposits as at rate of increase
Figure 6: Summary of data projections of corporate financial statements by Bank of Beijing up to 22q3 retail aum Summary of methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.