Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) Medium-term Red Return Shareholders, second half of the year, transport and shipping ports.
Middle-Sea Control published its mid-2024 report, with an excellent performance of q2. The Middle-Sea Control published its semi-annual report for 2024, which achieved business income of $10.12 billion, an increase of 10.19 per cent, and a net return of $16.87 billion, an increase of 187 per cent.
This represents an increase of 19.0 per cent and a net return of 10.12 billion yuan, or 7.23 per cent, on a year-on-year basis. The Red Sea crisis stimulated demand, with a flat increase in volume in the first half of the year. The volume of controlled container traffic in the distant sea increased by 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year, with the US/E/Asia region on a year-on-year basis +8.5 per cent/-14.9 per cent/+12.9 per cent.
The US and Asian regions have strong demand, but Europe’s transport time has been extended as a result of bypasses, resulting in a marked decline in the speed of movement, depending on the calibre. In particular, the performance of mid- and long-range sea transport is evident in the 52-week peak/minimum price.
In the first half of the year, the volume of far-off overseas shipments increased by 12.7 per cent and 2.1 per cent, respectively. In terms of prices, average single-cargo prices for companies increased by 4.4 per cent and by a segment of routes, US/European single-line freightes increased by 23.5 per cent or 26.7 per cent, similar to the volume of shipments, on a single-cargo basis.
Half-yearly operating data are even more visible, with average single-box freight prices increasing by 4.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the near-central sea and only 0.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the Eastern Sea. Ship costs have declined rapidly, but bypassing the Cape of Good Hope has led to rapid increases in equipment and freight transport costs.
Half-yearly, the cost of offshore controlled container operations increased by 8.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Specifically, the cost of ships was affected by ship charters, which decreased by 10.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the additional transportation time, distance from transport and the early stages of the Red Sea crisis could result in significant movement costs, equipment and cargo movements
On August 29, China and the Far East ordered a total of 12 multi-fuel container ships of the 14000-teu type methanol at a price of $180 million per vessel.
Middle and Far Sea Control (60199.sh) - Quarterly Performance Rings have grown significantly, and q2 is expected to meet a total ship price of $2.15 billion (converted RMB 15.34 billion), and this transaction will use its own share of no less than 40%, while the rest will be bank loans that will effectively reduce the shipping of the sea and the top three shipowners.
In addition, listed companies, Medium and Far Sea Control (6019.sh) - Full Refund Shareholders, Repurchases to Highlight Medium and Long Term Reds, with a share of about 49.2%, close to the shareholder returns plan ceiling.
Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh)-2022 Report: Re-renovation of performance, 23 years. Mid-Sea Control (601919.sh) - Promotion of profitability and active promotion of the Hong Kong Association of Navigation.
There has been a marked improvement in the industry landscape, and although the scfi index has been moving from up to down since q3, given the delays in raising shipowners ' prices and the delays in revenue recognition, we expect that the q3 sea control performance will continue to grow. And, given the marginal impact or weakening of the Red Sea crisis in 25/26 years, I
Middle-Sea Control published its mid-2024 report, with an excellent performance of q2. The Middle-Sea Control published its semi-annual report for 2024, which achieved business income of $10.12 billion, an increase of 10.19 per cent for 2024h1, and a net return profit of $16.87 billion, an increase of 1.87 per cent for the same year. q2 companies achieved business income of $52.93 billion, an increase of 19.0 per cent for the same year;
Figure 1: Medium- and Far-Sea Control Business Income and Growth (Billions of Dollars, %) Figure 2: Medium and Far-Sea Control Single Season Operating Income and Growth (Billions, %) Figure 3: Middle and Far-Sea Control Mother Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 4: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) of single-sea controlled returns to the mother, the Red Sea crisis stimulated demand and achieved a full rise in volume in the first half of the year. The volume of controlled container traffic in the distant seas increased by 9.3 per cent in the first half of the year by the same amount, with US/E/Asia regional traffic equal to +8.5 per cent/-14.9 per cent/+12.9 per cent.
Regional demand is strong in Asia, but the European Line has changed its caliber due to longer transport times due to deviations, with a marked decline in the speed of growth. In particular, the performance of mid- and long-range sea transport has been significantly better than that of the Eastern Overseas, with 12.7 per cent and 2.1 per cent increases in prices in the first half of the year, respectively.
The Division's average single-box transport price increased by 4.4 per cent over the same year, by a segment of routes, the United States/European-line single-cargo price increased by 23.5 per cent/26.7 per cent over the same period, similar to the volume of traffic, with more visible operational data for the first half of the year of the combined medium- and long-range maritime transport, with the average single-carrying cost increased by 4.9 per cent over the same year and the price of the eastern overseas freight increased by only 0.1 per cent over the same period.
Ship costs have declined rapidly, but bypassing the Cape of Good Hope has led to rapid increases in equipment and cargo transport costs. In the first half of the year, the cost of medium- and long-range sea-controlled container operations increased by 8.5% over the same period. Specifically, the cost of ships has fallen by 10.0% over the same period, but the extra transport time and distance associated with the Cape of Good Hope due to bypassing the Cape of Good Hope has been reduced by 10% over the same period.
On August 29, China and the Far East controlled a total of 12 multi-fuel container ships with 14000 tons of methanol at a price of $180 million.
For $2.15 billion (converted RMB 15.34 billion), the transaction will use no less than 40% of its own capital and the rest will be bank loans that will effectively close the gap between the size of the sea control and the top three shipowners, while responding to new trends in green, low-carbon, intelligent shipping.
The crisis in the Red Sea has led to the global Far East-European roundabout, and the gradual mismatch between supply and demand has led to a marked rise in the concentration industry. Although the scfi index has been rising or falling since q3, given the slowness of shipowners to raise prices, and the lag in revenue recognition, we expect the q3 sea control performance to continue to grow.
In addition, in view of the marginal impact or weakening of the Red Sea crisis in 25/26, the authors of the 2024-2026 performance report ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.