(a) The rapid development of power cell operations and the pressure on profits The following events: the company published a quarterly report in 2022, which generated $6,734 million in revenue, an increase of 127.69 per cent in the same year;
Depending on the high prices of raw materials, the overall Māori ratio of 22q1 is \triangleright, which is expected to rise in future as the power cell industry increases prices.
The power and storage cells are expanding rapidly, and research and development capabilities are increasing. 1) The power and storage cells are the focus of the company ' s development, with the company collecting about $10 billion in power cell blocks in 21 years, a 125% increase compared to that of the same year, thanks mainly to the release of the three-dollar battery capacity in the vehicle field.
This is preceded by titanium rectangular phosphate batteries, three-packed batteries, three-dimensional battery lines, and large circular column capacity, which is expected to contribute to the company ' s performance as the capacity is gradually down.) In R & D, annual R & D costs 1.310 billion yuan, an increase of 92 per cent over the same period.
Since the second half of 2021, when the supply and demand of new energy vehicles were wrongly matched, the price of raw materials has increased significantly. For supply chain security and cost reduction reasons, companies actively develop industrial integration.
Entje shares, China Electric, New Zeus State, Golden Klon, etc. have joint ventures that actively deploy the upstream resources of lithium, positive, negative, diaphragm, electrolyte, and lithium. Risk factors: industry demand is not as high as expected; raw material price volatility is a risk; new technologies are open.
Risks for issuance; Policy risks for the electronic smoke industry.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of the City of Beijing joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on new energy sectors for electrical equipment.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.