2022q1 rating: power cell acceleration, profit point, 27th of 2022.
Nguyen Xiaoyan 1 powered the increase in the volume of the chain and increased the short-term profitability of raw materials. Consider overseas exports, contributing about 4.5 billion dollars in revenue. With the price of raw materials q1 such as lithium carbonate, nickel, etc., we expect to see a sharp rise in the price of raw materials q1
q1 company battery rates are close to 10%, and the ring ratio is down by 5 pct. The price of 22q1 company batteries is rising, and we expect q2 battery profits to begin to recover. With the release of additional capacity, new products such as three-dimensional squares and three-dollar cylinders contribute 55gwh plus output.
The company raised $2.5 billion over 20 years by means of a targeted increase, of which $1 billion and $300 million are to be spent on soybean batteries and lithium manganese batteries.
At the same time, the construction of the Chengdu project is progressing steadily, and the company plans to invest 20 billion in the construction of 50 gwh storage capacity, one of which is 20 gwh.
The plan exceeds 260gwh. In 2022, the initial 20gwh capacity will be built up, 23 years will be expected to be delivered, affected by the epidemic, higher R & D spending, and Smolq1 performance will decline, followed by a gradual recovery in the sum of 170 million yuan from the Smolq to the billions of latitudes. We expect Smol to be 22 years old.
Lithium Million Latitude (3000014): 2021 Report: The scale of the lithium electricity business has increased and the company intends to propose to the Shareholders Assembly that the chairman of the company be authorized to consider adoption one year from the date of adoption by the Shareholders Assembly.
20.78 pct, a reduction of 1.19 pct. 22q1 Smoor and other affiliates together contribute $210 million in profits. O1 powered the lift of the chain of output, raw materials up short-term profit pressure. According to certified data, o1 company countries installed 1.1gwh, a 252% increase in the same year, considering overseas exports and storage applications, we expect company q1 power.
Most costs rise, and we expect q2 battery profits to begin to recover gradually, and 23 years of power cells are expected to turn up as the supply chain is integrated and the supply chain is released. With the additional capacity released, the delivery is expected to reach the level of new products such as three grand cylinders in 22 years, and we expect the company ' s output to more than double further, contributing 55gwh+.
The company raised 2.5 billion dollars over 20 years, of which 1 billion and 300 million were to be invested in soybean and lithium manganese cell projects, each of which had been implemented by hundreds of millions of latitudes. As of the end of last month, the remaining funds from the two projects had totalled 1.240 billion, which the company counted.
The project provides a total investment of $1.94 billion for the construction of a new 10gwhh lithium project in Huezhou for a two-year construction period. At the same time, the construction of the Chengdu project is progressing steadily, and the company plans to invest 20 billion in a 50gwh storage energy project, one of which is 20gwh.
The company's firm rectangular lithium + three-dollar cylinder technology route, leading the country in the layout of large cylinder batteries, is expected to build up its initial 20gwh capacity in 2022, with an expected delivery of 10 gwh+ in 23 years. At the same time, the company actively integrates the supply chain and announces it will work with Hwat, Dhufang, Bette, and others.
Swe, New Zeus, Dahua Chemical, Ente, Central Electric, Blue Xiao Technologies, strategic deployment nickel, electrolyte, lithium, high nickel, lithium resources, diaphragms, negative poles, etc., further improved supply chain management, quality and stable upstream material to guarantee full expansion of companies, and company technology plus customer plus supply chain management are in the first tier of the country.
Consumer batteries are growing steadily, and prices are passing relatively smoothly. We expect q1 lithium cells to be about 500 million, ring flat, 20% more than the same year, Māori rate to be maintained at 40%, year-round steady growth, contributing to stable profits and sustained cash flows. We expect q1 to contribute about 1.8 billion dollars, of which the cylinders contribute 1.5 billion plus.
With a relatively smooth increase in consumer battery prices, we expect the Māori rate to be around 18%, and the Māori rate to recover once the price has been raised again. Throughout the year, as the q2 capacity expands to 1.5 billion, the volume of cylindrical batteries is expected to reach 1 billion, double the same year, a significant increase.
As a result of the epidemic, rising R & D spending, and the downside of Smollo1 performance, it is expected to recover gradually. The net gain of Smoorq1, 527 million yuan, compared to 55.3%, is expected to recover. The company now holds 31.8% of Smoor shares to meet the operational capacity of the subsequent power cell.
Expansion and R & D inputs, the company intends to request the Shareholder Assembly to authorize the chairman of the company to reduce by one year from the date of adoption by the Shareholder Assembly, through a large-scale transaction, no more than 3.5% of Smoll’s stock. Capital spending has increased significantly, contracts have increased, and operating cash flows are bright.
4.82 billion yuan, an increase of 29.92 per cent from the beginning of the year; $5.52 billion in receivables, an increase of 10.54 per cent from the beginning of the year; $578 million in corporate contract liabilities at the end of the period, an increase of 96.77 per cent from the beginning of the year, resulting in a significant increase in new orders; 853 million yuan gross net cash flows from operating activities (21q1 to 340 million); and 3,699 million yuan net cash flows from investing activities, an increase of 168.56 per cent;
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board