The expansion of capacity has accelerated, and the firm's purchase orders have increased confidence.
1) The company issues a stock offer to a specific target in 2022. The company intends to raise 9 billion yuan in targeted stock increases to Mr. Liu Jin-seong and Ms. Ka Jin-hung, shareholders in the holding stock, of which 30/20/40 billion will be pledged by each of the billions of latitudes/Li Jin-sung/Change, with an initial issuance price of $63.11 per share and a lock-up fixed for a regular period of 36 months. The fund raised is mainly for the construction of the 20gwh46 series of vehicles.
The energy battery project, the construction of a 16gwhh-car-car-cared lithium phosphate power cell, and the replenishment of liquidity.) The company announced that it would invest $3 billion in the construction of a 10gwh-power storage battery project in Yunnancing for a period of no more than 18 months. (3) The company announced that it would invest $3 billion in the construction of a billion-latitude lithium storage energy headquarters and the storage energy research institute project in Wuhan, North Lake.
Lithium storage operations are managed as a whole, and regional business companies, acting as the national clearing house for storage, hold and manage the relevant knowledge products, 1) show their confidence in development by accepting an increase in the purchase order. The company is planning to raise an additional $9 billion in capital to control the full capital structure of Liu Jin-sung and the camels, or will reduce bank borrowing, which is expected to reduce the company’s interest costs.
2. The company raised $9 billion in additional funds, of which $3.4 billion was allocated to the large cylindrical battery project at Gate 20gwh, $2.6 billion to the 16gwh square iron-car battery project at Gate 16, and $3 billion to supplement liquidity. The two expansion projects were announced in November 2021.
The Division's forward production planning has exceeded 250 gwh, and the Sustainable Growth Support Corporation has taken full advantage of the opportunities for global electricization and storage development and has advanced its operations. It is proposed to direct additional stocks to the controlling shareholders, namely Mr. Liu Jinxing and Ms. Ka Jinhong, to raise 9 billion yuan, of which the combined control shares of Liu Jinxong and Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. Ka Jin Hong will be raised from 35.4 per cent to 39.9 per cent.
1) Project on lithium ion power cells by vehicle: the project proposes to invest a total of $4.375 billion in the construction of a 46 series of power reserves with an annual production capacity of 20 gwh at the Hubei Gate, which is expected to produce batteries for a three-year construction period, with a total of $3.4 billion to raise funds. The project has now been documented and approved by the ring.) The hbf16gwh project on lithium ion batteries by vehicle. The project proposes to invest a total of $4.127 billion in the construction of a rectangular iron lithium cell at the Hubei Gate.
So far, the project has been documented and approved. Three billion dollars to supplement the flow of capital.
On June 8, the company announced its intention to build a new 10gwh power storage battery base in Yunnan Tyucing. In May 2022, the pilot production of 110,000 tons of phosphate lithium in Yunan Tyucing began.
After this expansion, the company’s total power storage battery capacity planning went beyond 250gwh, and is expected to take full advantage of the opportunities for electricization and storage development. The company’s establishment of the Wuhan storage energy headquarters and the storage technology institute will provide a rapid boost to the development of storage energy operations.
At about 2gwh, the city accounts for approximately 2.4%; in the domestic market, the company is the third largest in the country in terms of its output of 0.4gwh. The company’s storage headquarters will be responsible for the overall management of the billion-latitude lithium storage capacity, and will be responsible for the design and research work of the regional operators as the national clearing house for the storage capacity.
Figure 1: Domestic battery loads (mwh) in 2021. The company’s resource end layout continues to improve, guaranteeing a stable supply chain under high-speed expansion.
Since 2021, the price of lithium salt has continued to rise, and companies have continued to increase the layout of lithium resources to secure the supply of raw materials. The company has also made extensive arrangements for lithium resources and lithium carbonate through joint investments and imports, including the purchase of shares in the DSW, the purchase of shares in the Golden Quinlon Lithium industry, the establishment of a joint venture company, the gold and lithium industry, and the acquisition of the Xinghua lithium salt.
The supply chain controls and supply security approach of the upstream raw-materials industry support the expansion targets. Pilot production has now begun in May for the German phosphate 110,000-latitude lithium phosphate project, with a joint venture producing 10,000-ton lithium carbonate per year for the gold-sea lithium industry expected to be operational by the end of the year, and the company’s profitability is expected to be restored steadily.
Investment proposals: below profit forecasts, maintenance of a “buy-in” rating, less than expected sales of electric cars, less than expected delivery, higher prices for raw materials, and less than expected growth of power cell customers. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author