To strengthen the integration layout, the full acquisition of additional liquids by the realist points to 100 million latitudes (300014), the announcement of 1 billion latitudes (30014) is intended to produce an additional 9 billion yuan, the largest shareholder.
(2) The proposed joint venture with the Kawa power plant, the beehive energy plant to build 15,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 15,000 tons of lithium hydroxide.
The company plans to invest $1.5 billion in a joint venture with the power plant, the beehive energy plant, to build 15,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 15,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in Sichuan, to hold various shares in the company and the beehive, and to buy the Great Zaydan Salt Lake. In addition, the company acquires Hinghua.
Forty-nine per cent of lithium salt (lithium salt processing) and 28 per cent of gold Quinlon (metal lithium production) and a joint venture with Kim Quinlon (80 per cent of 100 million latitudes) to invest $1.8 billion in 30,000 tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide projects, one of which was 10,000 tons.
The company’s industrial chain is being better structured, with excellent partners in the industrial chain, upstream resources, working with HWAA, Grimes, DSM nickel, and lithium resources.
As a whole, a clear layout of the corporate industry will further enhance the security of the company's supply chain and enhance cost competitiveness. We believe that the company is integrated.
In terms of medium-sized materials, companies and New Zeus (20% of latitudes) invest 20,000 dollars.
Tons of electrolyte were put into production in January 2022, Central Electric (40% of 1 billion latitude shares, and Yunnan invested 100,000 tons in integration negative poles, each of which is expected to yield 50,000 tons by the end of 2022 and the end of 2023), Engye shares (45% of 1 billion latitude shares and 1.6 billion rheumatisms in Xiawan).
Cod capacity, repurchase to show confidence in long-term development -- the membrane and the matching coating capacity -- Devonami.
In addition, with regard to nickel resources, in cooperation with the Greenmega Code recovery, it has been in operation since 2024.
Lime pledged to supply no less than 10,000 tons of recovered nickel products per year to the billion latitudes; and with China-friends, among others, to invest 120,000 tons of nickel per year, plus 15,000 tons of cobalt-wet smelting, in Indonesia, which is expected to be operational by 2023.
We believe that the company’s production capacity in the overall distribution of the main material and upstream nickel and lithium resources will continue to be produced over the next 1-2 years, or will contribute to the company’s performance. The company’s power and storage battery build-up mechanisms are in place, short-term performance.
In addition, corporate integration will increase medium- and long-term performance, and overall, corporate performance is expected to move up in the medium- and long-term. A full buy-in will increase in large amounts, highlighting long-term growth confidence.
The company plans to raise an additional $9 billion for the construction of 20gwh46 project, 16gwh squares for the billion-latitude holding shares, Mr. Liu Jin-seong and Ms. Ka Jin-hong, for a 36-month selling period. On June 12, 2022, the billion-latitude three-dimensional battery base was dropped.
Production, postpartum capacity of 12 gwh. The company ' s current capacity and planning capacity are high, intensive, and its income ends are strong. The company ' s client quality is expected to allow productive capacity to be effectively digested, and the driving forces are now in BMW, modern Kia, Daim.
High-quality customers, such as Leung, Jaguar, Jaguar, and Bosch, have entered the supply chain system of China’s mobile and national electricity grids. Overall, full stock-holder subscriptions have increased confidence in the company’s long-term development.
In our view, the company’s industry is well organized, with a multi-dimensional guarantee of long-term growth, such as productive capacity, customer power, technology, and employee motivation. On the basis of the precautionary principle, the increased impact on performance and equity is not considered for the time being.
The company’s high-quality track, integrated layout, is leading, and we value the company’s medium- and long-term development opportunities, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Policy volatility risks; downstream demand is lower than expected; and product prices are less competitive than expected;
Four years of business + five years of equity + one year of experience in the Fund, and has served successively in Biadi, China-Thai, Dong-woo, Bo time funds, and State-owned maritime securities.
Li Jiangtao: Master of Quantities in Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, one year of famous pe practice, four years of securities tested, 2021, joined Chinese securities, and conducted research on new energy vehicles and listed companies.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.