With the rapid expansion of lithium + large cylinders, profitability will improve \triangleright international net profit of $5.29 billion, with an investment return of approximately $1.67 billion recognized at 32 per cent shareholding, with the same increase
Power cell camps collect $10 billion, an increase of 146 per cent. One hundred and forty-four million batteries, an increase of 51 per cent, were sold throughout the year. One hundred and thirty-one million batteries were produced in Dun Yongkang, of which fifty-two million were originally lithium batteries and seven hundred and ninety million lithium ion batteries.
22q1 Performance under pressure, Smoll ' s international performance + the rise in raw materials has had a greater impact. 28 April, \triangleright Research Assistant: Li Kyung-po
In the company ' s first quarterly report of 2022, 22q1 achieved revenues of $6.73 billion, an increase of 127.7 per cent, an increase of 23.5 per cent, a net profit of $520 million, a decrease of 19.4 per cent, a decline of 24.5 per cent, including a net profit of $440 million, a decrease of 29.2 per cent, and an increase of 4.3 per cent in Smore ' s international performance due to the epidemic and the rising cost of research and development.
The company's profit is about $340 million, the company's price transfer is based on the need to expand the capacity of lithium, and the production of lithium + large cylinders is expanding. The company's 22q1 agreement with the client \triangleright
The company signed a Strategic Investment Agreement with the Qingmen City People's Government. The company and its subsidiaries are planning to build a 153gwh-a-year power storage battery park in Qingmen City. The project is currently on the ground.
20 gwh large cylinder battery production capacity; 2) Huezhou project for the construction of lithium ion power cells in passenger vehicles and the Xhev battery system; 3) Chengdu construction of 50 gwh power storage cell production base and Chengdu Institute, in two phases. 4) Three cylinders in consumption have more than doubled in capacity and were launched in April this year.
Supply chain co-operation expansion will take place in the second half of the year, with reduced cost pressures. Companies are deeply bound up to a large number of upstream and downstream enterprises, locking in demand through joint ventures, long sheets, etc., including Defonami (lfp), Bettray (high nickel nuggets), Ende (film), Middle Electric (negative poles), New Zeus State (electric fluids).
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.