The controlling shareholders have increased their share in large shares, and have taken the lead in the development of large cylinders with a billion latitudes of lithium energy (300014.sz) on 10 June 2022.
• 9 billion self-purchase increases the company’s confidence in the future, with the company actually controlling the company’s 100 million-latitude holdings, Mr. Liu Jin-seong and Ms. Ka Jin-Rheng taking full ownership, issuing a full price of 63.11 per cent increase in the company’s subscription, highlighting its confidence in the company’s development. The electric-car chain is focused on high barriers.
Battery and lithium resource links (at the core of the next three months), battery links focus on profit spots and new technologies (billion-latitude lithium-energy cylinders, etc.). We maintain the previous profit projections, and the company is expected to focus on expanding the 46-cylinder and lithium-square series from 2022 to 2024.
Of this $9 billion, $3.4 billion was spent on the 20gwh46 battery extension project (about $4.4 billion) and $2.6 billion on the 16gwh lithium square battery expansion project (about $4.1 billion). Another $3 billion was able to take the lead on the scale and speed of production in large cylinders, based on current production planning.
The first batch of large cylinder batteries is expected to fall down by the end of 2022. In addition to the hundreds of millions of latitudes, Ninder's large cylinders of 12 gwh in 2024 are expected to expand their production capacity from the current eight lines.
At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, the power of the product plus the depth of the industrial chain, the new global first-line battery kings are expected to be in the lead at the same time as their competitors.
Corporate Information Updates - Prospective Promising Promising The company's many product types have been recognized by high-end clients (BMW, Mercedes, etc.), technology is at their top, turning up, and big cylinders are leading technological change in the industry.
At the same time, the company's high-quality supply of future raw materials is guaranteed through investment and equity participation in the field of lithium electricity raw materials upstream. The "Best Battery in the World" pattern has started and is expected to go up with the big circle of the company's Information Update - a profit trap.
Step-by-step production of columns and further release of lithium batteries are rapidly increasing in terms of volume of shipments and global market share. Battery platforms are expected to lead new technological trends -