The profit is expected to turn upwards, and the cylinder leads to a technological change in the industry.
• Achieving a $10 billion harvest, with performance in line with the expected net non-mortality profit of $417 million. In 2021, the company further refined the upstream layout and the power storage battery capacity continued to expand. Based on higher upstream prices of raw materials, we revised the forecast of profits for 2022/2023 and added to it.
The continued improvement of the upstream layout + productive energy release will lead to a downward trend in corporate profitability from 7 to 11 pct, a much lower rate of gross ion batteries, mainly due to higher prices of raw materials, a gradual reversal of raw materials, and the prospect of a bottom-up recovery in corporate Maori rates.
In 2021, the company strengthened the upstream layout in order to save costs and follow-up large-scale production. Joint ventures were contracted with the People's Government, the Ntje stockholding, the China-Yo-Yo-Yo stockholding, and Yuncianization in Yunnan Province. Mineral resources were laid, and the chain layout of the public-sector upstream industry covered nickel and cobalt lithium resources (King Kulun), tri-dollar positive poles (Betley), iron-lithium.
The company is one of the most well-structured batteries in the country. • Keeping an eye on the development of cylindrical batteries.
Corporate Information Update - Upwards of Profiting Point, (1) Small Cylinder Battery: Company ' s 13th Plant is officially in production and its main product is 18650 and 21,700 cylinders of battery platform is expected to lead new technological trends -
Batteries, which are expected to produce 750 million in the postnatal year, will produce 1.5 billion small cylindrical batteries, alleviating the demand for small cylindrical batteries. (2) Large cylindrical batteries: the company North Gate base will build 20 gwh.
The company's active layout of the cylinder battery, which leads to the optimization of the technology route, is expected to improve its overall competitiveness further.