The major shareholder was fully committed to a nine billion-dollar build-up, and the expansion of capacity accelerated to meet the Nguyen Xiaoyan incident.
The company plans to invest $3 billion in the 10gwh power storage battery project in Yunnan. 3) It proposes to invest $3 billion in the construction of the Wuhan storage capacity headquarters and the storage technology institute project to accelerate the company's guaranteed productivity growth, and the firm's owners fully subscribe to the company's management confidence.
The Division’s current capacity planning is close to 300gwh, with high investment spending on fixed assets, and a build-up can help to strengthen corporate capital, support rapid growth in corporate capacity, and support firm stability by controlling the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities at around 50%.
This new Yunnan Cube 10gwh capacity is expected to be operational in 24 years. It was announced that the doors were 153gwh, Yunnan Yui Creek 10gwh, Chengdu 50gwh, Huezhou had completed 10gwh soft bags, 20gwh with sk, and a joint venture with Linyang.
By the end of the year, the company's capacity is expected to exceed 200 gwh, and the capacity is locked in the customer's order. We have a smooth increase in the price of the q2 battery, increasing the share of lithium carbonate and making a clear profit point. q1 company's battery rate is close to 10%, with a 5pt drop in the ring ratio; q2 metal connections are priced, and most of it is transmitted.
5% + and the balance of lithium gain and loss. 2h22 integrated supply chain capacity released, of which the controlled subsidiary had planned 30,000 tonnes of capacity in the gold-sea lithium industry, of which 10,000 tonnes of capacity was expected to be operational at 22q4, 23 years of slope.
Assessment: Power Batteries Accelerating Up, Profiting, Middle-Little Material Co-Aggregated Assets can be released and further reduced.
Quantified: Lithium power operation increased in size, profitable event: 1) proposed to raise $9 billion in additional funds to be fully subscribed to by the billion-latitude-consumption holders, Liu Kingtown/Kou Hong, starting with $2.6 billion for the 16gwhi-car project and $3.0 billion in additional liquidity. 2) proposed to invest $3.0 billion in Yunnan Tyuchin.
The project to expand the production of 10 gwh power storage batteries with a construction cycle of no more than 18 months; 3) the construction of a billion-latitude lithium storage energy headquarters and storage technology institute to be built by the Regional Management Committee for the development of new technologies in Wuhandong Lake.
9 billion yuan for investment in 20gwh46 large-cylinder capacity, 16gww square phosphate lithium production capacity and replenishment of liquidity, etc., as a result of the company's current capacity planning of nearly 300gwhh and high expenditure on fixed asset investment, a build-up has helped to increase corporate capital strength, sustain the firm's accelerated expansion, and keep the corporate asset-liability ratio at around 50 per cent, supporting the public.
At the same time, this is an increase of US$3 billion in the number of shares held at the 100 million latitudes, and US$2 billion in the amount of US$2 billion or self-financing by the realist and chairman of the board of directors. This increase is limited to a 36-month period, and the subscriber has committed itself to reducing the shares of listed companies held directly or indirectly, in no way within six months of the issuance of this letter of commitment.
Given management confidence, and given the need to meet the more pressing demand for customer delivery for this expansion, the controlling shareholder and the realist assume that the purchase will accelerate to the greatest extent possible, helping the company to expand its production as quickly as possible and contributing to its long-term development.
The 10gwh power storage battery project, with an investment period of 18 months, is expected to be launched in 2024, with an accelerated pace of production. The company announced the 153gwh Industrial Park Project, Plan 10gwh for Yunnan Tami Creek, Plan 50gwh for Chengdu, the construction of 10gwh soft bags in Huezhou, the joint venture 20gwh with sk, and the joint venture with Linyang 10gwh, with a total capacity planning of nearly 290gwh.
In addition, it is expected that the proposed increase will be in three-dollar soft envelopes of 10 gwhh, 10 gwh+, and 7 gwh) and that, by the end of 2023, the power storage capacity of the company will be expected to exceed 200 gwh, and the production capacity will be accelerated. In addition, the company intends to invest $3 billion in the construction of a billion-latitude lithium-capable headquarters and storage capacity.
The Technical Research Institute project, which is responsible for the overall management of the multi-billion-latitude lithium energy storage operations, has a regional operating company that holds and manages the relevant intellectual property rights as the recipient of the national storage operations, further improving the company ' s smooth price increase in the storage capacity of q2 batteries, with a clear profit point and an increase in the self-supporting ratio of lithium carbonate in 23 years.
Due to the sharp increase in the price of raw materials q1 such as lithium carbonate, nickel, and the relative lag in the price increase of corporate batteries and the pressure on profits, we expect most of the cost of transmission to rise, we expect q2 batteries to start gradually recovering, lithium batteries q2 are expected to achieve a profit/loss balance, and the net interest rate on soft-pack batteries is raised to 5% +. Consider the release of the 2h22 integrated supply chain.
Of these, the holding subsidiary, the Golden Sea lithium industry, had planned 30,000 tons of capacity, of which 10,000 tons of capacity was expected to be in production at 22 q4 and to climb the slopes in 23 years, leading to an increase in the ratio of lithium carbonate to its supply, with power cells expected to be at a turning point in 23 years. With the release of additional capacity, 22 power batteries started to run in cars, the growth more than doubled.
In terms of the volume of new products, we expect the company’s output to more than double further, contributing to 55gwh+. Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the accelerated build-up of capacity, we're going to renovate 2022-2024 net profit to Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already have a securities investment advisory board.