Under the equipment renewal policy, engineering machinery is expected to be under construction in the country for 24 years.
It is expected that the withdrawal will be accelerated, for example, with the number of excavators estimated to be 388,000, or 4.2 times more than the 23 years of actual domestic demand, for Excavators II and below. In addition, the sale of domestic excavators in January-March of 24 years amounted to 26,000, or 8.3 per cent, with a sharp reduction of 15,000 in March alone, or +9.3 per cent.
In sum, domestic sales of engineering machinery are expected to end this year. Emerging industries are growing quantitatively and qualitatively at a double rate. Corporate strategic and emerging industries are growing at a robust pace, with incomes growing by nearly 30%, up 4.5 percentage points. 1) High-altitude platforms: 23 years of harvest.
88.83 billion yuan, yoy+35.62 per cent, operating consistently well, high-altitude platforms and the promotion of fire trucks industry. First, (2) Mine machinery: $5.86 billion, yoy+14.17 per cent in 23 years, with a fourfold increase in the number of new energy mines and 1.7 percentage points in the share of sales in mines; 3)
Environmental companies: Three bases developed in an orderly and coordinated manner, with income growth and Māori uplifting; 4) Agricultural Machine Company: Drag, 3. Xu Engineering Machinery (000425.sz) 1st Quarterly Reporter, Harvester Mass Delivery in 2022, with revenue increasing tenfold.
Evaluation: Business efficiency continues to improve, with a marked improvement in the ring comparison for the quarter. The internationalization layout is further improved.
Strategic thinking, the creation of an international business headquarters, the development of an internationalized operating system for “1+14+n” and the upgrading of corporate internationalization capabilities. By the end of 23 March, companies had 39 overseas subsidiaries, 40 large overseas service spare parts centres, and marketing networks covering 193 countries and territories around the world.
Investment proposals: Xu's well-established market for engineering and machinery products and the development of new and emerging business, I \triangleright surge risks; downside risks in overseas engineering and machinery markets; under-developed miner business as well as expected risks; high machine industry
The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of this report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.