Song Qiuming published its annual report for 2018, and in 2018 it achieved $28.540 billion in operating income, a year-on-year increase, with a gold dividend of $3.7 per 10 shares.
At the end of 18 years, the country has advanced the construction of a five-threshold high voltage project, and the company will benefit from the depth of the grid, while the network is investing in a strong smart grid and general electricity grid this year, with an estimated cost of 12.6 per cent between companies, a decrease of 1.1 pct over the same period. Income of 3,751 million was realized in the first quarter of 19 years.
In addition, the company plans to raise $31.4 billion over 19 years, which is a higher increase in automation and information technology operations, with $33.1 billion in hand orders: sub-operations, grid automation and
Industrial control operations generated $16,756 million, a 24 per cent increase in the same year, investment in the grids increased at a slower rate, but investment in smartness continued to grow structurally; relay protection and flexible transmission services increased by $5,377 million, compared to a 4 per cent increase, and the Māori rate dropped by 8.2 pt, mainly due to increased competition and higher upstream raw materials.
Price implications; electricity network ICM generated revenue of $3.82 billion, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period, and Māori increased the rate by 7.68 pt, with the increase in revenue received as a result of movement information and a breakthrough in new products. The Department ordered $33.1 billion at the end of 18 years, and 19.37 billion new ones were signed in 18 years.
Construction programmes have been launched for electricity grids, and companies will benefit in depth: grids have been growing rapidly, and it has been reported that the 19-year construction programme for electricity grids in recent days by national grid companies has been sent to provincial grid companies, covering 27 priority tasks of 57 tasks, including mainly the Internet.
The national network information industry has a double-occupational pattern, and competitions.
With stable patterns and high thresholds, the company's communications business is expected to benefit in depth from the construction of the PHP, profit predictions: the country moved forward in late 18 years with the construction of a five-to-five super-voltage project, and the company's tap as the power grid will benefit in depth, while the national network is investing in the construction of a strong smart grid and general electricity this year.
Networking, companies are expected to maintain a high rate of growth in their ICT operations. Companies are expected to achieve net profits in 19/20. The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.