The most urgent and important task of the company today is to speed up the progress of electricity in general.
Networking, in keeping with the strategic breakthrough of 2019-2021, will initially be built in 2021, with three-year upgrades, and in 2024. Corporate ICT revenues will benefit from a high rate of growth in intelligence-building, with super-high pressure going on in the next two years.
In 18 years, 11.8 billion investments in grid smartness will be made in 19 years: the National Network proposes the initial construction of a general electricity grid by 2021, operational synergy and data integration, initial realization of integrated portfolio management, 70 per cent of power-related business lines, and initial construction of company-level smart energy.
The Integrated Services Platform, built in 2024, built a general electricity grid and fully built a shared energy Internet biosphere. In 2018, the National Network invested $5.3 billion in information networking, $6.4 billion in communications projects, and $11.8 billion in grid intelligence, representing only 2.4 per cent of the total electricity grid investment in 18 years.
The portfolio of products has been stable for the last three years, with greater scope for growth. The launch of this general electricity connection is expected to become the year of the power grid ICM boom, with a rapid increase in grid intelligence investment over the next few years.
The rate of growth in information and communication revenues has been high: the Internet industry has a double oligopoly pattern, with the shares of the two countries in the market having been more than 80 per cent, stable and high-threshold competition patterns.
By the end of the year, through the reorganization of assets, electrical automation information and communication operations were introduced, covering information soft, hardware, hardware and systems integration, services consulting, etc. Companies won 30-40% of information soft, hardware on schedule, and 17 years of corporate communications revenue.
The high-pressure is progressing well, and the share of Nanwe is stable: in February, the network announced two exchanges between Zhang North-Yonan, Ma's store-South Yang and Qinghai-Hannan, Xingbei-Wuhan direct-flow high-pressure tenders, with a winning switch of $811 million from the company and $202 million from the direct-flow control protection equipment, respectively.
In the short term, companies will benefit significantly from industrial layout optimization, grid automation and industrial control of the same market share, tradition and tradition.
The main industry is well-developed, new sections of information and communication are benefiting from the trend of grid intelligence, and the future of the national network will continue to increase the construction of grid communications, and it is hoped that the share of investment in the entire grid will continue to rise, and that the barrier companies will grow steadily over the long term.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.