The company published annual reports for 2018 and quarterly reports for 2019, amounting to $28.540 billion and $3.75 billion respectively, representing an increase of 17.96 per cent and -2.4 per cent, respectively, and a net return of $4.163 million and $7.656 million, respectively, respectively.
In 2018, bad accounts receivable accounted for the profit-gaining changes in accounting standards, while in 2019 q1 no-operative lease repurchases affected revenue collection. q2 started a change in accounting standards for bad accounts receivable from companies in 2018, no accounts receivable from national networks and an increase in the percentage of accounts receivable from non-national customers, accounting year-round
After deducting the impact, the net profit from the change in the guidelines increased by about 18.5 per cent over the year. In 2019, q1 ' s business lease buybacks were lower than in the previous year, with a drag on revenue growth, and by about 31.8 per cent over the same calibre if the effects of the change in the estimation of bad debt were excluded.
Electricity information and communication services have started to break out, and general access to the Internet will continue to support the power grid, followed by the South Swe Stock Incentive Point Assessment - Equity Incentives, which has fallen by 34.2 per cent over the same period, and the core subsidiary ICT Corporation, which has a net profit of $624 million over the same period.
2. The three-quarterly review of the National Electric Swe - the single-season Māori rate is 1 billion, and the net profit ratio has risen from about 8 per cent last year to nearly 17 per cent. Twenty-seven priority tasks are now related to the Internet.
The South Swe track depth report - a major “double” power grid equity incentive highlights flexible institutional mechanisms, and innovative R&D drives future growth. In 2018, the company set off its year-round growth through "Breaking and Performance " .
Operation Two Hundred launched the first restricted equity incentive scheme, with a total of 990 key personnel included in the incentive range, further improving the incentive mechanisms, along with the Ministry of Enterprise and the Central Institute of Corporate Innovation, innovative institutional reforms and incentives to keep the company new, except for Suzhou's active distribution of electricity.
In addition to grid operations and product innovations such as the Internet and the world's first Geostationary Synchronizers Demonstration Project, the company has also been increasing its “big industry” layout and is working to build China's abb, 1200vigbt/frd chip, which has already reached international standards.
A range of new industrial operations, such as people, drones, and industrial Internet, are expected to contribute to incremental performance. Investment in grid automation is not as expected: the US-China trade war: the expansion of emerging industries may not be as expected.
After deducting the impact of the accounting change in accounts receivable, the parent net profit increased by approximately 18.5 per cent in 2018. As a result of a change in the financial measurement of accounts receivable effective 1 April, the scope for the preparation of bad corporate receivables (receivables, other receivables) was reduced and linked within the former national grid consolidation
The total amount of the client ' s receivables is not due for bad debts, but the percentage of the unincorporated client ' s accounts receivable is much higher. The estimated change in 2018 increased by $387 million in total profits in 2018, less the impact of this factor, the net return to the mother ' s profit in 2018 increased by about 18.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The Division is also faced with the impact of an increase in the percentage of accounts receivable from non-national network clients, which, if the above-mentioned estimate of bad debts were to be excluded, would result in a change in methodology, with an increase of approximately 31.8 per cent in the same calibre, after which the average calculation would result in a final rating, which would be the average investment in the market.