The benefits of a smooth future growth in electricity connectivity in the future can be sustained by billions of yuan, or 28.44 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2019, the revenues were 3,751 million yuan, a small decrease of 2.41 per cent compared to the same period last year; and the net return to the mother, 76,563.5 million yuan, a decrease of 18.81 per cent over the same period.
The company performed slightly more than expected in 2018. Specifically, the grid automation and industrial control camps received $5.377 billion, a small increase of 4.32 per cent over the same period.
Increased competition and an increase in the cost of ultra-pressure materials have dropped significantly by 8.2 pct to 38.44 per cent; electricity automated information and communications operations have generated $3.823 billion, an increase of 34.19 per cent compared to 34.19 per cent, and Māori 27.79 per cent, an increase of 7.68 pct. The market for the national network system has risen steadily in 2018, with companies winning a significant increase in the same bid.
At the end of the period, the company was on a hand order of $33,102 million, of which $19,374 million had been signed in the current year, with an increase in the cost rate of 2.4 items during the first quarter of 2019 compared to the same period, while accounts receivable.
□ Information and communication operations will benefit from the construction of general electrical grids. The 2019 construction programme for the current national grid has been distributed to provincial grid companies, with a focus on 6 areas, 57 construction tasks and 25 integrated demonstration works, to be launched in 2019
The initial establishment of the national grid was planned in 2021. The new product network security management platform and detection devices in the company ' s communications operations broke through in 2018, resulting in significant revenue and Māori ratios.
Growth, which is expected to benefit in the future from extensive electricity grid-building, with 20 per cent of the company's communications business remaining at high voltage to start a new wave of power for relay protection and flexible transmission operations National network deployment for energy Internet smart grids and National Energy Agency (NEA) access to a new set of nine items
Xu Qing morning, progress was made on the 14 main lines of transmission, and a new wave of super-high pressure has been opened, and now 2 direct 2 have been tendered and the remaining lines are expected to continue.
The high market share on the switch valves and the straight flow control protection system will increase relay protection and flexible transmission of electricity, as defined by the increase or decline in the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth of 300 indexes within 12 months of the date of this report, as follows:
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.