The Bank's 18-year structural adjustment has begun to yield results, while the exposure to the quality of public assets has stabilized.
Corporate asset ends tend to be pro-tailed, and focus will shift in the future to the performance of deposits and retail asset risks. Considering that the company’s current lower than industry average valuation levels are more than adequate to reflect the negative expectations about the quality of the company’s assets, Poofan Bank’s increased rating is maintained.
The growth rate of revenue has improved at a lower rate, and regulatory factors have contributed to the increase in fees.
Sustained improvement, net interest income increased by 4.61 per cent (2.4 per cent in the previous three quarters of vs.) and weak growth in fees, with a 14.4 per cent decline in year-on-year rates and a 4.29 decrease in the share of revenue earned.
Above, 68 per cent of the new credit was channelled to retail throughout the year, with credit card loans and other loans dominated by consumer loans increasing by 3.61 per cent and 67.6 per cent, respectively, contributing to higher rates of return on loans and interest-bearing assets compared to 3 bp and 6 bp, respectively, in the first half of the year.
The strength situation persisted, with the four-quarters deposit ring declining by 1.45 per cent and the current deposit declining by 5.26 percentage points to 45.3 per cent over the same period, resulting in a year-long savings cost for Poi Hua Bank up by 9bp at the end of the six-month period.
The difference has risen to 1.94%, a marked increase from 1.77% in the first half of the year. 4 consecutive quarters have been down, but the absolute value is still relatively high in the listed banks.
By the end of the fourth quarter, the RMB had risen by 2.28 percentage points to 155 per cent, slightly above the regulatory requirement of 150 per cent, the level of future provision, and taking into account the positive impact of corporate restructuring on interest differentials and the easing of asset quality pressures.
The main risks to the rating of Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. were: the decline in asset quality was higher than expected, and financial regulation was higher than expected.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
The positive recovery in revenue was mainly due to a sustained improvement in net interest income, which increased by 4.61 per cent (2.4 per cent in the previous three quarters). Controlled by a weak growth in fees, the year-on-year decline was 14.4 per cent, and the share of revenue fell by 4.29 percentage points to 4.29 percentage points.
The asset restructuring was effective, but improvements in the end of the liability were still to be seen. Sixty-eight per cent of the new credit added throughout the year went to retail, with credit card loans and other loans dominated by consumer loans increasing by 3.61 per cent and 67.6 per cent, respectively, driving the return on loans and interest-bearing assets up by 3 bp and 6 bp, respectively, compared to the previous half-year.
The weak growth has persisted, with PWB declining by 1.45 per cent in its four-quarters deposit ring and increasing by 6.22 per cent year-on-year, while at the same time the deposit structure ' s share of current deposits has fallen by 5.26 percentage points to 45.3 per cent year-on-year, reflecting continued pressure on the inhalation, resulting in PWB ' s cost of deposits up to 9bp year-round. For 19 years, restructuring of the company ' s assets is expected to continue, retailing is expected to continue.
The impact of the tilt on end-of-liability deposits is to be seen. Overall, the adjustment of the asset end-of-service structure and the downside of the cost of the peer liability, the return of the public-service net difference to 1.94 per cent over the year, a marked increase from 1.77 per cent in the previous half-year.
In terms of asset quality, the four-quarter non-performing loan ratio of PDB fell by 5bp to 1.92%, and the four consecutive quarters since 2018 have been down, and the trend continues, but the absolute value is still relatively high in the listed banks. We measure the negative production rate of the company for the first quarter of the fourth quarter, 1.6%, and the ring ratio remains largely stable. By the end of 2018, PWB had a loan/bad value of over 90 days overdue, 84.6%.
By the end of the fourth quarter, the bank’s provision coverage ring had increased by 2.28 percentage points to 155%, slightly higher than the regulatory requirement of 150%. Loans were 2.97%, the ring was down by 4bp, and the level of future provision had yet to be further upgraded to enhance risk preparedness.
In our view, the 18-year restructuring of the Bank has begun to yield results, while exposure to the quality of public assets has stabilized and the overall business climate has declined significantly. The firm’s asset side has been actively tilted toward retail, with future focus on deposit end performance and retail asset risk.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between industry and economic development. Economic development influences the operation of the real economy as well as profitability, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macroeconomic uncertainty remains, and economic dynamics need to be followed up closely.