Increased growth in the investment in equipment on track, new equipment, breakthroughs in equipment operations, annual review of the New Age Electric (688187).
Ma Youngzheng, who is holding on to the chance of a return on new investments in the NLG mobile equipment, to ensure the smooth delivery of the product while the construction is steadily recovering, and according to NSG data disclosure, China Railway completed fixed capital in 2023.
Liu Yangdong has invested 764.5 billion yuan, a 7.5% increase, and urban rail transport is well under way. The company's orbital transport industry is closely dependent on the opportunities for a new upturn in mobile equipment from the Telecommunications Group, based on rt.
Orbital traffic network statistics, where the domestic market share of the company ' s urban rail-trading system remained at over 50 per cent in 2023, with industry leading for 12 consecutive years, eternal magnetic traction gradually becoming the dominant industry, with companies leading the market share; overhaul and overseas operations continued to advance and were captured in Asia, Europe and the Americas.
There are many more overseas orders; on orbital engineering machinery, access to a network operating vehicle captured a bulk order for the Grand Lacer Vehicle Project by the Chief of the National Iron Company; communication signal operations continued, city-track signal operations won 5 lines year-round, up to an all-time high, and fao and the city-area subway signal system achieved the first two-time mark.
We believe that the company will continue to benefit from the railway industry’s implementation of the Party’s central plan to promote large-scale equipment upgrades. The emerging equipment business has made a breakthrough, with a similar increase in revenue entering the forefront of the industry.
The low-carbon energy transition has led to rapid growth in industries such as new energy motor power systems, semiconductor devices and sensors, with the company's new equipment generating $8,032 million in 2023, compared to +69.64%. The company's whole series of high-reliability gbt products has broken the track.
In 2023, the company igbt module was delivered on track, with a significant market share in the electricity grid, and the country's first largest share. According to the New Age statistics, in 2023, the company's new power-borne modules were installed.
In the last year, equities compared to depth of 300, 100.55 million units, with 12.5 per cent of the city's share, ranked third, with a fast-growing share of the centralized photovoltic gbt module, with a series of modules providing bulk supply; third generation 1200vsic
The mosfet chip is state-of-the-art, the semiconductor phase three project is moving fast, the production line is now capped; the new power-borne power-drive system continues to grow throughout the year and, according to the Neo-era statistics, the company was ranked in the industry by over 248,000 aircraft installed throughout the year in 2023.
The first six, with many high-quality customer orders, such as the new North Gas and the upper Gas, and a complete car factory, exported more than 20,000 packages overseas, while completing the development of 70-120kw multi-products; 39 new production lines were created for sensor operations, the capacity continued to increase, delivery increased significantly, and sensor units were stabilized in orbit traffic.
First in the area of domestic market ownership: many new orders in the domestic market for seamen’s equipment, heavy-duty deep-sea digging ditches to fill the domestic gap. Maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. We adjusted the company’s net profit forecast for 2024-2026.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has worked diligently and professionally to produce the report independently and objectively and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author's research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third position.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.