Improved profitability, significant growth in railing equipment Investment event: companies disclosed their first quarterly report in 2024. 2024q1 achieved operating income of $3.925 billion, an increase of 27.20 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $568 million, an increase of 30.44 per cent over the same period; net deductions were realized
Billion dollars, or 43.74 per cent over the same period, with faster growth in the breakdown of operations, of which the track electrical equipment/orbit engineering/communication signal system earned $16.17/255/143 million, compared to the same increase in the power semiconductor units/new energy motor drive systems/industrial currents/seawork equipment
The recovery of railway traffic is exceedingly anticipated.
In the first quarter of the year, 1,014 million passengers were sent by railways nationwide, an average of 1,147 million passengers per day, an increase of 28.5 per cent. Of these, cumulative passenger arrivals for spring transport increased by 18.8 per cent over the same period in 2019; and, smaller than small, cumulative passenger arrivals for long vacation periods grew by 19.6 per cent over the same period in 2019, while railway vehicles were in large stock.
In February, the Central Finance and Economic Commission (CFC) proposed a massive upgrade of equipment and a reduction in the cost of logistics for the entire community.
The company is the leader of the domestic rail-to-trading system, the product covers a variety of vehicle types, such as locomotives, moving vehicles, urban tracks, etc., with the city maintaining the leading position, and the trade-to-trade industry. In the context of the recovery, the company is expected to release its performance elasticity throughout the year.
The growth of capacity is well under way, and the new equipment business continues to function. The Māori rate for the company ' s new equipment business has risen to 28.19 per cent in 23 years, with revenue of 40.06 per cent and revenue of the 24q1 new equipment business further up.
The company’s igbt module was led by the city, the semiconductor III project moved fast, and the main project was completed. As the company’s production capacity was phased out, and capacity utilization and good rates continued to increase, the new equipment business would remain high-growth.
[Galactic Machine] Company Review _ Time Electric (688187.sh): The risk of increased competition in emerging arenas, etc. The equipment keeps growing, and the track equipment is expected to benefit the industry upwards
Table 1: The main financial indicators predict that the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute has personally committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020. This report is provided to its clients by China Galaxy Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.