Performance meets expectations, asset quality enters a virtuous path.
According to Zhou's two-way business, the company's concrete/ excavating/lifting/pumping/roadwork business is well under way, and the company's sales of equipment such as excavating machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, etc. are higher than in the previous year.
The best sales have been since; other types of machines have performed well. The cost controls have improved during this period, benefiting from the continued downwinding and the recovery of the engineering and mechanical plates over a year, the gradual repair of the balance sheet, the significant increase in the profitability of the plate as a whole, and the increase in cost control.
In 2017, the combined Māori rate was 30.07%, compared to 3.86 ptt. For business purposes, the Māori rate for company concrete machinery/ excavator/lifting machine/carpentry machine/equipment/equipment and other/road machinery operations, respectively, increased, with companies still maintaining an increase in Māori rates, mainly as a result of further growth in corporate revenue.
In 2017, the cost of the company was 20.05%, compared to 2.95 pct, with a sales rate of 10.00%.
The larger decline in management costs was mainly due to the increase in corporate sales revenues and the impact of scale. Overall, there was a decline in the cost rate during the company period, an increase in corporate control and profitability.
There has been a marked improvement in the quality and efficiency of the company's operations, high capacity utilization and overall profitability of its products. During the reporting period, the company's operating cash flow of $8,865 million, a significant increase of 163.57 per cent over the same period, far exceeding the increase in revenues and exceeding the historical peak, and a significant increase in corporate sales returns.
At the end of the reporting period, corporate receivables amounted to $18.366 billion, compared to +1.55 per cent, and the risk of impairment of assets was manageable, with the total amount of overdue payments falling significantly, and the rate of overdue payments being kept low. With 65 per cent of income growth, the company’s receivables were not rising or decreasing, and the company’s associated risks were largely addressed.
There has been a significant reduction in the peak period of business, and there has been an increase in the efficiency of the enterprise ' s cash flow.
The financial structure is very robust. Overall, the quality of the company’s assets is constantly being optimized, moving into a virtuous path.
The company, as the leader of the industry, was the world's leading producer of solid sales of concrete machinery in 2017, diggers.
The share of the excavator market has risen faster. Other products, such as cranes, stumps, etc., continue to stabilize the market.
The potential is high, allowing it to escape domestic macro-cyclical fluctuations and solve the problem of moving down valuations. In an era of strong 4.3-plus labor: H2 sales will remain high, with the leader enjoying a premium, and the leader remains the best option.
Profit forecasting and investment proposal: 5.3 1 Worker: Holding the ship 70
1. Revenues from operations have increased significantly, benefiting industries have moved upwards, and corporate concrete/digging/heavy/drilling/carrying/roadworks, respectively.
The company ' s core competitiveness has been further enhanced, with its revenue from the sale of equipment such as machines, concrete machines, cranes, etc., selling 140,302 machines in the year 2017, the same year as the market for excavators, with 99.5 per cent, the highest sales since 2012; all other types of machines have performed well.
After more than a year of recovery, the balance sheet was gradually repaired and the overall profit of the plate increased significantly.
Figure 6: Market sales in heavy machinery since 2013-2017 2. Significant increase in profitability and improved cost control over the period
However, the increase in the Māori rate has been largely due to the scale effect of further growth in corporate revenue and the upgrading of products, with a larger increase in the Māori rate for excavators and cranes, which we judge to be due to the pre-market 2nd mobile phone clean-up, and the larger decline in sales in new use, which is mainly due to the increase in corporate sales revenue and the scale effect. Overall, the cost rate during the company period has been higher.
3. Improved cash flows, significant improvements in the quality of assets and solutions to historical legacies The quality and efficiency of the company ' s operations have improved significantly, as well as its capacity utilization and overall profitability.
Within, the company ' s operating cash flow of $8,565 million, a significant increase of 163.57 per cent over the same period, far exceeding the revenue growth rate and the historical high, indicates a significant increase in corporate sales returns.at the end of the reporting period, corporate receivables amounted to $18,366 million, or +1.5 per cent over the same period, and total impairment losses on assets were recorded.
2.10 The risk of overdue loans can be managed through robust risk penetration and control measures, with the total amount of overdue payments falling significantly and the rate of overdue payments being kept low. With a 65% increase in income, the company’s receivables are not rising or decreasing, and we judge that the company’s annual peak in industry has been significantly reduced.
The stock turnover rate increased from 2.90 in the previous year to 3.87, and the enterprise ' s cash liquidity efficiency increased. At the end of 2017, the corporate asset liability was 54.71 per cent, a decrease of 7.19 percentage points from the beginning of the year, and the company ' s financial structure was very robust. Overall, the quality of the company ' s assets continued to be optimized and a virtuous path was made.
4. The dominant product market is strong and leading firms are still the best beneficiaries The company, as the industrial leader, was the world ' s leading producer of steady sales of concrete machinery in 2017, and the domestic market of excavators was the winner of seven consecutive years of combined sales, with a market share of over 22 per cent, especially the faster market share of medium-sized and large excavators.
Other products, such as cranes, stumps, etc., continue to have a solid market position, with a steady increase in market ownership. Meanwhile, the Department is focusing on research and development, which has invested 1.916 billion yuan, +70.39 per cent, or 5.00 per cent of operating income for the current period.
Higher, able to move away from domestic macro-cyclical fluctuations and address the issue of lower valuations. In a time of strongness, champions receive premiums, and champions remain the best option.
Overall, performance in 2017 was in line with expectations, and it is expected that the public engineering and machinery industry will continue to improve as expected in the medium term after the balance sheet repairs have been completed.