Cash flows have improved, internationalization has accelerated, and we have recently conducted research on companies, communicating with their management on business performance and future development. Capital structures have become more rational, and cash flows have improved significantly.
\triangleright has improved cost rates, asset liabilities, and a more rational capital structure. The first three quarters saw net corporate cash inflows of $6,879 million, an increase of 238 per cent over the previous three quarters, with net operating cash inflows well above net profit values.
Trump's tax cuts, the US $1.5 trillion capital plan, and so on, support American roads, airports, and other public works to benefit corporate engineering and machinery products. In addition, India's region has huge growth space, and the company is the largest.
Already in India, an overseas company's engineering and machinery business was set up, and in 2017 the Indian district had already contributed 1 billion dollars in profits, and in the future the unit will continue to contribute in comparison with the trend of Deep 300.
The industry is up, the company's core product is up, the engineering and machinery industry is up, and according to IAEM data, 140,000 excavators were sold throughout the year 2017, 99.5 per cent more than the previous year, and heavy engines grew by 150 per cent from 1 to 2 February 2018.
One hundred and seventy per cent of the goods are still in short supply, and municipal, wind and wind construction and environmentally friendly steel plants have been upgraded, petrochemical projects have been launched, and the upward trend has continued, with the introduction of seven new models, along with an increase in marketing capacity and in the share of the city. In addition, the stock of Trinity Excavators has been rising, with city occupancy rising since 2011.
The market rose first to 22.21 per cent in 2017, with a strong professional edge in excavators and a steady increase in technology. In 2017, the sy395h, sy365bh, sy750h mine reloader series was launched, and the heavy load system was able to meet more than 95 per cent of the spectrum coverage of the medium- and large-scale mines and the industry gained a stronger leadership.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals Channel, which continues to maintain a “highly recommended” rating. 1.2017 sales of excavators doubled, 2018 works
The mechanical industry will continue to grow.
Performance rebounds across the board, with the next half-year track being marked by over-expected work at 3.3 and 1 % (600031): Incentives to show companies' confidence in future performance growth
Liu Zhenwoo, Head of the Large Mechanical Unit, Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate and master ' s degree in materials, undergraduate studies in metal materials, postgraduate development of the Department of Distributive Electricity Data Collection
In China, the Metallurgical Industries Group has been involved in investment management for five years, in the Beijing City Planning Committee system for two years, and in 2015, it has joined the civil securities system. There is a solid theoretical base and extensive business experience in the field of machine equipment and basic materials.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,