High performance growth continues to look at the strong, and the first quarter of 2018 has recently been published by the 3-plus workers. In the first quarter of 2018, the company actually earned $12,159 million in operating income, an increase of 29.7 per cent over the previous year; net gains attributable to shareholders in listed companies
Rendering of $1.500 billion, an increase of 101.2 per cent over the same period; net profit after deduction of $1,242 million, a growth rate that continued at a high rate in the first quarter: the recovery began in 2017 for two consecutive years, after four consecutive years from 2013 to 2016, based on the company ' s performance in the first quarter of the calendar year.
Sliding, third in the first quarter of 2018, followed only by the $4 trillion investment period, is slightly lower than the first quarter of 2013 and fourth in history. After four years of decline, the first quarter of 2018 was slightly lower than the first quarter of 2013.
In the first quarter of this year, the increase in revenue was still reflected in the investment strategy report for 2018 for the aaa mechanical industry, the growth of investments in construction, urban networks, rural water construction and the upgrading of stocks.
In terms of net cash flows from operating activities, the first quarter of 2018 (600031) was evaluated: the third quarter saw an increase in performance.
The first quarter of the calendar year, 2016, was marked by a net outflow of operating cash.
The number of working days and the number of working days for inventory is decreasing from the first quarter of 2017 and the year of 2017, which shows that the company has improved its ability to operate as business performance improves.
The Māori rate for companies in the first quarter of the year was 31.92 per cent, slightly less than the annual Māori rate of 30.07 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, indicating that the appropriate price increases for engineering and machinery products later shifted to the negative impact of the increased cost of raw materials. The net interest rate for sales in the first quarter of the year was as follows:
12.77 per cent, significantly higher than the net interest rate on sales since the first quarter of 2013 and throughout the year, and the increase in the volume of excavators continued at a high rate: according to the latest industry statistics of the China Engineering and Machinery Association, the total of 25 master mechanisms incorporated in the statistics in April 2018
The sale of all types of excavating products increased by 84.5 per cent from January to April of this year, with a total of 86622 types of excavating machines from January to April of this year, an increase of 57.9 per cent from the previous months and the previous seasons, with a total of 38261 pieces of excavating machinery from March 2018.
48.4% rises in single-month excavators in April over the same month's increase in sales in March, which clearly boosts the cumulative rate of sales of excavators this year. In absolute terms, sales in March and April 2018 were ranked second in the same period in history, and the cumulative sales in January and April were also ranked in the same period.
In the second place in history, after the same period in 2011. Although we expect the first half of the excavator to be second only to the first half of 2011, which is the second highest level in history, we are digging for real estate investments in the second half of this year as a result of a decline in real estate investments.
One expectation of a delayed policy response, but we have always maintained the expectation that annual sales of excavators this year will increase by more than 10% on a high 2017 base. Domestic digs are now competing with national and international brands, and the digger industry is concentrated.
The top eight centralists, the top eight excavators, are close to 75%. We expect that the three-timers who make up more than 20% of the market share in the excavator market will continue to compete in the future.
The construction of the real estate was followed by concrete machinery later than the excavator, and the recovery of concrete machinery was lagging behind the excavator, with the trio being the world's largest concrete machine today, and the pumping and towing of vehicles became China's first brand, and we expect the company's business to be in 2018.
Performance growth will be significantly better than that of engineering and mechanics with other types of equipment. Profit predictions and ratings: we expect three-timers in 2018 and pss in 2019 to have high sales elasticity at the time of the recovery of the excavators in various industries, and current real estate investments, respectively
The upswing continues, and we maintain an “upscaling” rating. Risk factors: the recovery in the engineering and machinery industry has been weaker than expected, domestic real-estate regulation has been stronger than expected, and international business has not expanded as expected.