According to the annual report, the 31st round of work, the 31st round of work (600031), was evaluated at the 2017 annual report, where free cash flows were re-innovated and profitability increased significantly.
The company’s industrial base was robust, hard-working, and free cash flows were first regularized in 2015 and continued to improve in 2016 and 2017. This round of engineering and machinery recovery, with free cash flows, grew at much better quality and speed than in the previous industry cycle.
Prior to the recovery, improvements in net operating cash flows to companies had been reversed, marking a full shift in the concept of doing business from “outside” (net profit) to “in” (current gold stream). Cash flows determine the value of companies, and we believe that the company’s current level of business is not what it used to be, that future free cash flows are likely to continue at a steep rate of growth, and that business values are expected to be fully exploited through the cycle.
In 2016 and 2017, the growth of corporate accounts was 2.898 billion yuan and $4.904 billion, respectively, which are the main reasons for the growing gap between net profits and cash-flow scissors for net operating activities, as reflected in the statement of the company’s interest-free liability.
At the income end, corporate accounts receivable as a share of operating income have continued to decline significantly since 2016, and repayments have improved significantly. Companies have made full use of 22% of market ownership, using their “zero-cost” share of upstream and downstream funds efficiently and making significant changes in their own cash flow, which is an adequate reflection of the value of corporate brands.
The asset turnover rebounded, while companies continued to increase their R & D cost inputs, rising to both the brand and the R & D value chains. Figure 4: The fixed asset turnover bottoms up, steady-state markets, with a promising lead through the cycle. In 2010-2011, the volume of excavator sales reached 166,000 and the historic high of 194,000, respectively;
The current market holdings of the excavators are close to 1.3 million, and we judge the future annualization of the excavator market in terms of the 8-10 year renewal cycle.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is 16 x, 12 x, and 11 x, respectively, and maintains a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of the financial boom in the East... ..was joined in East Hing Securities... for mechanical research.
The Chinese People's University School of Economics has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following the new energy auto industry chain and mechanical practices.
In 2016, he joined the Civil Security and in 2017 he joined the East Hing Securities.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies