3x1 event review, 3x1 event review.
Xianhui incident: According to statistics from the Engineering and Mechanical Industries Association of China, 25 major enterprises were included in the statistics in January-May 2018, selling all types of mechanical excavations.
s148051790003 export sales, or 103.9 per cent higher than the previous year, resulted in a significant decline in the sales of various types of excavators in May 2018.
The core concept of doing business, short-term business-oriented “agility” and “elasticity”, makes full use of its strong competitive advantages and builds bargaining power in upstream and downstream chains. On the one hand, corporate development strategies are gradually shifting to light assets, starting with supply chain management, inventory management, and profit-making, reducing operations.
Leverage factor to respond quickly to cycle fluctuations in sales: on the other hand, companies have consistently maintained a high proportion of their variable share, continuously reducing the input of operating capital in their day-to-day operations, saving funds from deposits and receivables, accelerating cash flows, saving the cost of operating capital inputs, companies
The three-year action plan for major transport infrastructure construction involves investment of 4.7 trillion yuan, of which 1.3 trillion in 2018.
The engineering machinery produced at the peak in 2009 - 2011 will be phased out of the market, the replacement demand will be renewed, the volume of sales in the industry will be supported, the industry is expected to grow at a steady pace over the next three years, the industry as a whole will be well-developed, brand values will be fostered, corporate governance is now at a higher level than the international giant, and the company industry Internet will be used as the Internet.
The continued deepening of the company’s inventory and operating fund management will further release the profit space, and the engineering machine’s poles are expected to pass through cycles to achieve a value leap. 16x, 12x, and 11x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
3 " Trinity Review: Competitiveness " 4 and " Trinity Study: New Products " .
Three heavy jobs (600031): a significant decline in business leverage and a substantial increase in profit continuity.
The research assistant gives an overview of his research opinion. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.