The company disclosed its first quarterly report in 2018, where it achieved operating income of $12,159 million, an increase of 29.67 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1.500 billion, an increase of 101.18 per cent in the same year; and the pers of $0.19.
Downstream demand is strong, and the production of engineering and machinery products is booming \triangleright benefits from increased investment in domestic infrastructure, urban networks, rural water construction, and more stock of equipment
According to the Engineering and Machinery Association, 60061 mechanical products were excavated in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 48.4% over the same period. The excavators are still in short supply, municipal, wind and wind codes and environmentally-friendly steel plant renovations, petrochemical projects, etc.
The upward trend has continued, with the introduction of seven new models in three cases, along with enhanced marketing capacity and increased city occupancy.
Core spare parts pump valves, hydraulics production capacity are inadequate, mainly dependent on imports, and long-term stock shortages have a greater impact on the industry. The public sector promotes diversification of suppliers, and efforts to solve production problems will continue in the second quarter, and the deceleration machines, motors, oil tanks, etc. have already been self-generated.
Real progress has been made in the transformation of operations, with \triangleright building on mature concrete pump vehicle folding armchair technology and pump delivery technology in bulk.
During the production and marketing phase, the Hunan Trinity Incubator has accumulated more than 200 business incubators, and substantial progress has been made in the transformation of new businesses, such as the Environmentally Smart Land Cruiser, the Business Incubator, and the Military Industry. The company is determined to promote internationalization and deep-deep “along”, with a high match between the overall industrial layout and the “away” region, achieving international sales revenue in 2017.
116.18 billion yuan, an increase of 25.12 per cent over the same period, a steady improvement in the quality of operations in the major overseas regions, an overall increase in performance indicators in Putsmeister, the United States, the United States, India, and India, which took the lead in breaking the $1 billion sales scale.
The price of raw materials fluctuates, real estate and capital investments fall short of expectations, and innovation is expected to rise in 18 years.
Watch the lithium and semiconductor equipment 3. Mechanical industry incident assessment: Excavator sales in March 4.
(600031) In-depth research by the company: industry recovery continues, and the entire set of outstanding forecasts for the company's financial statements are summarized
Liu Zhenyu, head of the large machinery team, master’s degree in materials and materials at Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate studies in metal materials, and postgraduate studies in the development of a hybrid current data collection system. Five years of investment management at China’s Metallurgical Industries Group, two years of project management at the Beijing City Planning Committee system, and in 2015 joining the civil-student securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.