The engineering and machinery industry continues to explode, and it is expected that the performance will be released more than anticipated: the prices have been rising steadily in the recent past, and we rate it as follows:
In January-March 2018, 60061 excavators were sold, an increase of 48.46 per cent over the same period; in January-February, 3652 car cranes were sold, an increase of 78.41 per cent over the same period, and other mechanical items, such as pumpers, loaders, etc., were sold very hot.
The insufficient supply of core spare parts, such as press valves, led to a large shortage of goods in the excavator industry, and sales in the month of April depended largely on the availability of hydraulic pump valves, with an initial increase of 40%. On that day, China’s main steel stock was 16.885 million tons, a decrease of 6.5% compared to last week’s ring.
This is a further increase from 4.3% last week, reflecting the high demand downstream, the continued upturning of the excavator industry, which is now very rational and with a high percentage of sales down payment, most end-users buy excavators on a work-by-work basis, and we believe that the March fire sales reflect the real downstream demand from here.
Total equity/flow (million shares) as a view of excavator sales is a leading indicator, so we judge that the start of work in April is expected to remain high. Total market value/flow (millions)
As industry leaders, performance release is expected to be higher than expected: company excavator 2018q1 sales may be higher; pump vehicle operations, as the company ' s used fist products, benefit from renewed demand to release 3 1-heavy workers (600031) 17-year performance forecast
And the growth of the rural short-arm pump market, with a rapid recovery, is expected to increase sales ninefold in the first quarter, and the company’s profitability is nearly doubled. The growth of other business lines, such as the combined cranes, is estimated to be one quarter.
Ping, balance sheet repair and the increase in the Māori rate as a result of economies of scale, estimated performance is still strong, and there's no need for an excessive reduction in executives' small holdings.
The engineering and machinery industry continues to explode, releasing promising industrial research in the field, specializing in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related issues.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.