Production growth is on the whole. Industry is more firmly positioned. Corporate sales of whole-line products increased significantly in 2017, generating $13.670 billion in revenues from machine mining sales, 82.99 per cent more than in the same year. The domestic market has been championed for seven consecutive years, with a market share of over 22 per cent, especially in China.
The market share of large excavators has risen faster; concrete machinery has achieved sales revenue of $12,600 billion and is the world ' s first brand; and there has been a steady increase in market access for products such as cranes, squid machines, etc., with cars above 100 tons, cranes above 50 tons, and crane products above 50 tons, leading the industry.
The Unit has made substantial progress in the transformation of its operations, and has been contributing to overseas operations along the way, based on mature concrete-pumping vehicle folding armchair technology and pumping technology, which is already in bulk.
During the production and marketing phase, the Hunan Trinity Incubator has accumulated more than 200 business incubators, and substantial progress has been made in the transformation of new businesses, such as the Environmentally Smart Land Cruiser, the Business Incubator, and the Military Industry. The company is determined to promote internationalization and deep-deep “along”, with a high match between the overall industrial layout and the “away” region, achieving international sales revenue in 2017.
116.18 billion yuan, an increase of 25.12% over the same period, the quality of operations in the major regions of the overseas world continued to improve, the performance indicators of Putsmeister, the United States of America, the United States of America and India grew across the board, and India took the lead in breaking the $1 billion sales scale. The engineering and machinery landscape went up.
The engineering and machinery industry has grown at a strong rate, and according to the Association of Engineering and Mechanics, 140,000 excavators have been sold throughout the year 2017, representing an increase of 99.5% in the same year, 150% in January-February 2018 and 170% in January-February 2018, and 170% in the same year in January-February 2018, and are still in stock.
The project started with a start and the upward trend continued, with the introduction of seven new models in three cases, combined with enhanced marketing capacity, and a market-based assessment of events in the mechanical industry: Excavator sales in March 2.
Price volatility of raw materials, underinvestment in real estate, infrastructure (600031) In-depth research by companies: industry recovery is continuing, complete and ready for release
3. 3x1 (600031) research brief: Improved cash flow, accelerated internationalization, doubled sales of excavators in 4.2017, engineering in 2018
The mechanical industry will continue to grow The company's financial statement data projections are summarized Liu Zhenwoo, head of the large machinery team, undergraduate and master's degree in materials at Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate studies in metal materials, and postgraduate development of a disassembly current data collection system.
In China, the Metallurgical Industries Group has been involved in investment management for five years, in the Beijing City Planning Committee system for two years, and in 2015, it joined the civil securities system. There is a solid theoretical basis and extensive business experience in the field of mechanical equipment and basic materials.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,