Quarterly report supermarket forecast, balance sheet repair entry Chen Qingfeng incident: companies issued a quarterly report, yielding 1,2159 million yuan, ring + 19.5 per cent and year + 29.7 per cent;
Realization of a net return profit of 1.500 billion yuan, ring + 418.1 per cent, same +101.2 per cent, net profit after deduction
(b) Net profit of $1.500 billion, or 418.1 per cent, or 101.2 per cent, compared to the previous quarter, with a cumulative market for excavators in the first quarter of 2018, based on industry leading indicator sales data
Sales grew at a rate of around 30%, while the real increase was much faster than expected, mainly because of the increased demand for the renewal of old machines and the growth in capital investment. The company ' s cumulative sales of 12860 excavators in the first quarter of the year, i.e., +41% compared to 21% in the city. In particular, in March, the company sold 8289 excavators, i.e. 21.66% in the city.
It was the first time since the Trinity Trinity's brand was launched that excavators had gone over 5,000 gates, with the highest sales dating back to March 2011 of 4622, and impressive sales data proved once again the firm's absolute leader in the industry. We expect that the second quarter of the year will continue to record a high growth in orders and deliveries.
Net interest rates have risen significantly, profitability is expected to increase further The company continues to maintain a rise in the Māori ring in the face of rising prices due mainly to the scale effect of high corporate income growth and the upgrading of its products.
The long-serving machine has been largely cleared, the sale is now dominated by new aircraft, and the company’s historical burden has been largely released. We judge that, with the company’s revenue growth and the price increases for individual tight machines, the company’s profitability is expected to increase further.
The cost rate for the company during the first quarter was 17.58%, ring-3.5pc, same as in 2.34pc, of which sales cost 8.92%, management cost 5.bbb%, financial cost 3.5%, same as in the previous period -1.97pc, -0.31pc, -0.07pct. We believe that the decrease in the cost of the current period is due to the lower cost of the first two mobile phones.
The cost rate during the company period has declined significantly, mainly as a result of income growth, scale effects, significant efficiency gains and continuous improvement in the cost structure.
q1 ' s net operating cash flow of 2,592 million yuan, ring + 53.8 per cent, corresponding to 13.6 per cent, represents a significant increase in the public sector ' s cash flow ratio, which represents a significant increase in corporate repayments. The decrease in cash flows over the same period in the previous year was mainly due to an increase of 600 million dollars in cash paid to employees in the current period and for employees.
At the end of the quarter, the company accounts receivable totalled $205.2 billion, compared to +8.7 per cent, and the turnover efficiency of the quarter improved considerably. Through robust risk penetrating and control measures, the company has succeeded in achieving a significant improvement in the quality of its output into a virtuous path.
The risk of excess receivables, inventory and capacity is reduced. With a 30 per cent increase in revenue, the company’s accounts receivable has increased only marginally, and we judge that the company’s associated risks have been largely eliminated.
The balance sheet of the company is constantly being repaired and the capital structure is becoming more robust during the period when light-loading is in progress.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Company product lines, downstream customer distribution, global layout, management executives determined its journey through 4.3 1 Workforce: Short-term bottom-down beneficial medium-term
In the medium-to-long term, the leap, the medium-to-long-term, and the medium- to-long-term recovery of the roe, we believe that the three-pronged workforce is capable of enjoying the power of the powerful in an age of constant strength.
Price premiums. As the company's balance sheet repairs go to an end, we expect that in the medium term Roe will return to 5.30: H2 sales will remain high, and profitability will pick up faster than expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board