Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 3 January, new and announced foreign investment announcement to establish a joint venture with China-Pulsification (owned by the company)
50% equity) for the construction of 180,000 tonnes/year liquid protein amino acid (purification) in the production assembly, and for the upgrading of the company's combined strength, a joint venture with China Pseudo-chemicals is proposed to be set up to actively plant the pneumonic acid industry. The company signed China Oil.
Chemical Holdings Co. Ltd. and Zhejiang Seng and Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng, to establish a joint venture with China Pulsification to build 180,000 tonnes/year of liquid ply amino acid (purification) at a price compared to 300 feet deep.
The total investment in this project is approximately 2594.51 million yuan, and after the completion of this investment, the company holds tons, of which 150,000 tons are in the process of installation of equipment for a two-year period of 250,000 tons per year of ecstasy, which is expected to be completed in June 2023, bringing the capacity of the post-partum solid amino acid to 300,000 tons.
The Protein Acid Industry, which works with China ' s petrochemicals, will help to build on the company ' s technical advantages in the field of ecstasy, improve the company ' s overall competitiveness, and facilitate further collaboration in the field of high-end precision chemicals.
Domestic vitamin supply is greater than demand, long-term downstream demand is expected to recover, and the vitamin market is expected to recover. Europe and China are the major global vitamin supply bases, with Europe producing about 45% of global capacity.
1. Three-quarter performances in line with expectations: new project construction. Information on new projects. As of 4 January 2023, the price of va was $100 per kilogram, which is weaker than the overall vitamin industry in 2022, mainly due to the continuing domestic vitamin production capacity.
In terms of downstream demand, the largest downstream application of vitamins is animal feed, changes in the new crown policy have resulted in short-term slaughter companies starting at a lower rate than expected, consumption is weak, pork prices are reversed, and as of 3 January 2023, pig prices stood at 17.10.
There are still pressures that the epidemic will gradually improve in the long term, and it is expected that the demand for downstream pork will return, that the biofuels market will be repaired and that corporate profits will improve.
The nutrient plate, 30,000 tonnes/year sulfonic acid project, is expected to be completed by the end of 2022, with a test vehicle in the first quarter of 2023; 5,000 tonnes/year vitamin b6, 3000 tonnes/year b12 have been tested in June/July 2022 and are currently in normal production.
The production line was sold regularly, with three rounds of 7,000 tonnes/year pps built on 18 June 2022, with complete and test vehicles installed and product quality expected, with loads expected to reach tons/year in September/October 2022. The fragrance plate, 5,000 tonnes/year of mintol, was constructed in September 2022.
The company adheres to the “Chemical 10” and “Bio10” strategic main course, upgrades the capacity of applied research and application services, focuses on nutrients, fragrances, new materials for high molecules and raw materials, maintains innovation-driven, develops a variety of functional chemicals and strengthens technology platforms.
The construction of industrial platforms and the continuous optimization of the deep product matrix are conducive to enhancing corporate competitiveness and strengthening the position of firms in their industries. (3) Production capacity is not built as expected;
(4) Exchange rate and trade risks. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open market information. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.