q1 performance is expected to increase significantly over the same period, with overall deepening of reform effectiveness demonstrated
.q1 performance is expected to increase significantly over the same period, and the overall deepening of reforms is evident, and the achievement of significant growth in corporate sales, coupled with further efficiency gains, continues. We look forward to the company’s high level of support in Shanghai’s municipal governments and its experienced young management in such areas as marketing, technology, sailing, supply chains, etc.
Taking advantage of the state's corporate background and the power of China, we are firmly on the path of an electrically intelligent transition. The signs of a return to q1 sales when we maintain the stock market are clear, with a larger increase in the volume of sales of the autonomous and joint ventures in March.
By energy type, the company q1’s share of new energy vehicles is equal to +29.9%, the share is equal to +3.7pt, and the results of the technological upgrading of new energy vehicles are evident.
q1 sales increased by 0.8 per cent on the same basis, demonstrating the short-term effectiveness of the reforms; the general public, in the context of the introduction of end-of-pipe preferences, and in the context of generic pre-drawn banks, the sales of q1 sales fell by only 8.0 per cent and 2.2 per cent on the same basis, respectively, and remained stable, with subsequent electrical transitions and the introduction of home-grown new products expected to continue to improve marginally.
• Deep embrace, complete reform at the intersection of large-scale car blocks, corporate reversal periods, deep cooperation agreements between companies and China, strategic collaboration in product definition, manufacturing, supply chain management, marketing services, new and new energy smart cars, and the company will learn from China.
In-depth collaboration with China on the smart selection model, transforming the ipd and ipms systems to empower internal reforms. From the company's brands, large-car blocks will actively push forward the reverse period - corporate updates.
To become the main force behind the reform siege. The company combines the upper-air vehicle, the upper-air vehicle, the General Institute for Innovation Research and Development, etc., to form a whole chain of autonomous management, from product definition to production, R & D, and marketing, in a manner conducive to large-scale development.
State Enterprise Reform Models, Deepening Electro-Intelligent Technology, and Increasing Internal Efficiency. With the support of organizational restructuring, companies are expected to better promote the use of self-reflection periods for flag-dropping models - company coverage for the first time.
New energy technologies and increased product power through Chinese-led smart technologies continue to boost marketing.