IT-Technology hardware and equipment in the 5g's era, different communications, recommended logic: three-step strategy: recovery, development, leapfrogging, recovering from recovery.
As the global 5g mass network progresses, other Asian regions are expected to move rapidly to 5g on a smooth domestic basis, with companies unbridled on chips and long-term competitive human and technological advantages that guarantee the speed of the company's operators' operations.
Growth. Reference is made to the 5g period, where the Māori rate is gradually increasing as the 5g continues to move forward, while the 5g have greater market space overseas, and technology is more competitive than the 4g.
Deep, the terminal business is expected to improve. The acquisition of small electronic surplus equity is expected to open up a 5g construction cycle globally, with full benefits. Global shipping capital spending is projected to exceed $1 trillion over the next five years, mainly for construction at 5g.
The total market value/flow period (millions of dollars) is now ripe for global 4g construction as national 4g equipment enters the global market, and my country leads 5g globally, with larger markets. Ericsson, Nokia, Cisco, etc.
The share of overseas equipment suppliers has declined, the technological advantage of the boom has been evident, and the domestic share has risen steadily.
It is expected that the Māori rate will rise as the 5g build progresses. Looking back at the 4g construction period, in the early stages of construction, the major equipment operators adopted a more aggressive price-competitive strategy, so the new tender project was launched.
The Māori rate is relatively low. Since then, as the costs of technological innovation have declined, the combination Māori has accelerated overall, with the core being ready for launch - 2020/03/29.
China News (00063) Over 10 billion fixed dust increases 5g provides a good development opportunity for China’s terminal operations. By 2021, 5g mobile phones are expected to reach 540 million, of which the Chinese market will exceed 300 million.
The machine business has fallen after a period of glory, but its technological build-up and sales experience have helped to develop the terminal business in the 5g period. The mobile phone terminal chip is unbridled, and the company’s 7nm chip is yielding, and growth in the 5g terminal operation is expected to resume in the middle of next year.
The company announcement will raise the amount of electronic surplus equity of $2.6 billion, and will increase investment funds for new generation 5-g chip research and development. It will further boost public annual revenues of $8.9 billion (vov160%), net profits of $500 million, a significant increase on average, an announcement.
84 times more, and we think the industry is given an average of 80 times more, with a reasonable valuation of 40 billion. 5g, different communications, investment advice. The company is the global 5g leader, and we look forward to the future in the global 5g market.
The firm’s end-of-service operations are expected to be at a turning point, with deep technological deposits. At the same time, as domestic digitization accelerates with the application of the 5g+ industry, companies are out of reach, smartphone sales fall short of expectations, and cost controls fall short of expectations.
In the 5g era, we expect the operator ' s 5g construction cycle to remain strong for the next three years, assuming that in the next three years the operator ' s capital spending intensity will reboot mobile terminal operations, assuming that in the middle the future mobile sales will grow by around 15 percent.
The industry of 5g+ has advanced in its application and upgraded its digital transformation, which has broken through high-end routers and switchboards, and is expected to be an important growth point for middle-economy enterprises, which are expected to maintain an increase of around 10% in the future. Assuming that the company’s sales rates, finance rates, management rates, etc. remain stable.
The market believes that the construction of 5g is in a slow development phase and that, in fact, with the development of a large global network of 5g, and on a stable domestic basis, other Asian regions are fast pushing 5g. Companies have unrestricted chips and long-term competitive human and technological advantages, guaranteeing rapid growth in the company’s operator’s operations.
A three-step strategy: recovery, development, and beyond, is moving from recovery to development. Reference to the 4g period, with the 5g going on, the Māori rate is a gradual process, while the 5g switch provides a good opportunity to restart terminal operations.
With the digitalization of the 5g, spending on the network of telecommunications equipment is expected to increase, and business operations are expected to become a new growth point. A modest electronic surplus in the acquisition is expected to be revalued.
In 2020, $8.9 billion (Yoy160%) was earned, resulting in a significant increase in net profits of $500 million, which was valued at $13.8 billion. But if we refer to the average 18-fold ps, 84-fold pe in the listed company industry, we think that the industry is given an average of 80 times ape, which is reasonably valued as the world’s leading telecommunications owner.
(i) The world's leading major equipment dealer, after four high-growth periods, was established in 1985 with an early major product, the Control Switch, which was listed in 1997 at the deep conglomerate, and in 2004 for the first time in Hong Kong. After a wave of major developments in the communications equipment industry in the country, it is now on the rise.
It is a global leader in integrated communications, with products spread across global operators, product lines covering networks of operators, government, business, consumer terminal operations, and operations covering 160 countries and territories, serving more than one quarter of the world’s population.
The increase in revenue over the same period was 106.3 per cent, mainly as a result of the significant progress made by companies in the area of mobile communications, the connection of cdma products and the significant increase in international sales as a result of the recovery of the global telecommunications sector in the wake of the collapse of the Internet bubble; and, for the third time, in 2007-2009, in the context of increasing competition in the global communications sector, the convergence of international investment structures
Opportunities for the development of whole and emerging markets, as well as the deployment of domestic 3g networks, are now growing rapidly in products such as 3g, mobile phones, light communication, etc., and the market share has increased considerably. The fourth was in 2014-2015, mainly due to domestic and foreign 4g-based products, domestic and foreign light access products, domestic light transmission products, international router products, international cellular products, domestic mobile phone products
With the rapid growth of smart city projects and the growth of data centres and ict operations in 2019, the Ministry of Technology and Communications is expected to launch a new round of high growth with a 5-g license plate issued to three major operators, based on a comprehensive operator’s product layout, strong global technological competitiveness, and opportunities for new infrastructure in the country.
In the first phase, against the backdrop of the severe damage caused to the global telecommunications industry following the bursting of the Internet bubble, there have been great successes in leading the cdma and phs; in the second phase, 3g, 4g-era catchers, 3g and 4g-dealers in the country were issued 8 years later than in Europe and America, respectively.
But since China’s movement is based on the td-scdma standard, domestic government support and the network of operators are stronger ... As a result, the market share in the boom rose rapidly in the 3g and 4g years to catch up with foreign communicators such as Ericsson and Nokia.
In phase four, in the 5g era, the company took the lead in completing a nsa end-to-end test of the 5g terminal and system, leading the world’s 5g equipment. (ii) Broad product line layouts countered the operator’s capital expenditure restructuring.
The network of operators provides innovative technology and product solutions, such as wireless access, wire access, carrying networks, core networks, telecommunications software systems and services.
Consumer operations focus on the intellectual experience of consumers, taking into account industry needs, developing, producing and selling products such as smart machines, mobile data terminals, home information terminals, integrated innovation terminals, and related soft applications and value-added services.
Between 2016 and 2018, the share of capital spending on mobile networks decreased year by year, mainly because of a decrease in base-station construction in the construction cycle of 4g. In 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Finance issued 5g plates to three major operators, and the share of capital spending on mobile networks increased significantly from 41% in 2018.
Up to 49% in 2019, it is expected to remain at around 50% in 2021, producing light-based modular products and equipment for companies. But as wireless network coverage advances, the operator’s capital spending on transmission networks and core networks will grow. The operator’s change in capital expenditure structure will cause fluctuations in the performance of single-product companies, but in the middle.
Because of the broad distribution of product lines, Heng’s share of domestic operators in all product areas exceeds 30%, and is well positioned to counter the restructuring of the operator’s capital spending structure. Companies’ operating income comes mainly from a network of operators, future government firms, and consumer operations, with greater potential for upgrading.
Low, but with the technological build-up in mid-intellectual terminals, the five-g switchover on the demand side, the consumer business ratio is expected to pick up when the company invests resources through channels and marketing. Business recovery is good, and the Māori rate has the potential to increase.
This is a post-construction cycle of 4g in the country, which has resulted in a build-up of the United States sanctions and a restriction on its exports. The company’s withholding of non-net profits increased the company’s non-recurring gains and losses by $4,355 million in 2015–disposal of assets and other projects. In 2019, the Department of Trade and Finance issued 5g plates to operators, the construction cycle began, and the United States sanctions were exhausted, operations gradually resumed, and the collection and deduction of non-net profits increased by the same amount as 6.
11 per cent and 114.27 per cent, with good performance recovery; legal services costs; financial cost rates kept low each year, mainly due to the size of the company ' s cash assets and lower interest expenditure and exchange losses. The increase in financial rates in 2019 was mainly due to increased interest costs due to an increase in short-term loans.
In 2019, the Māori rate was 42.61%, 17.90%, and 29.16% respectively. The Māori rate was the highest among the Māori networks.
6.23% less. With the construction of 5g worldwide, the revenues of the network of operators have increased, the Māori rate of 5g equipment has increased, the combined Māori rate has been re-emerged through several United States sanctions, several sanctions and swings, and the boom has been re-emerged. On 7 March 2016, the United States Department of Commerce, Department of Industry and Security (hereinafter " bis " )
On 16 April of the year, bis issued a disciplinary letter for the non-timely deduction of bonuses and the false statement in the letter that Chinese enterprises, such as the China-China Communications Company, had been listed as “entities” for violating United States export control regulations, and imposed a restriction on the export of China-China-related companies.
An agreement was reached between the government and China-China to pay a further $1 billion in fines, and to restructure the board of directors to lift the second embargo crisis. After two sanctions, net profits, net interest rates, and gross profits reached their highest level in 2019.
According to the third quarterly report of 2020, the company held 22.44% of the Sino-Sing newsletter and was a controlling shareholder in Sino-Sing communication. The shareholders in Sino-Sing Communications Ltd. were: Sino-Shun, Sino-Shun, with a sole proprietorship, and the China-Sing-Senior Capital Management Centre (with a limited partnership).
In June 2018, the new management took over the post-sanctions boom, and the new management experienced a great deal of technology and many years of experience in the telecommunications industry, in business and management; the President and Executive Director, Seo Ziyang, served as Programmer, Chief of Section, Gsm Product Lines Development, Nanjing Communications Co. Ltd., 1998-2011; and the Chief Manager of the Core Web Products, Ps Development, from 2011 to 2013
New management focused on technology research and development, and allowed companies to move away from the effects of United States sanctions and spring out of the winter. The company used 5g as a core development strategy, with many years of intensive research and development and continuous innovation.
Three major domestic operators, the 5g Phase II Collection Project, which supports China's mobile construction with a full series of 5g commercial equipment, a 5gsa network with the highest global specifications, the largest scale and the most comprehensive scenario: a self-design and development capability based on microelectronics, a high performance based on 7nm self-research chips, and a full range of wireless product support operators building a 5g network with high price ratios and smooth evolution.
The world is the strongest in terms of titan capacity and integration; by 2020, h1 had about 76,000 global patent applications and more than 36,000 validly authorized patents. According to a report released in February 2020 by the internationally renowned patent data company, iplytics, the 5g standard required patent 2561 was disclosed to etsi, the third largest in the world.
A billion yuan) increase of 75.62% and a q3 quarter net profit loss. In 2019, the Māori rate and net interest rate both reached their highest level in 2015 and the company’s business was fully restored.
First-time equity incentives are expected to provide further incentives to increase the usefulness of the company’s talent and technological advantages, and enable companies to take advantage of the 5-g-era east wind to roll up. Operators’ business patterns have been reshaped: market shares have been raised and market space has been expanded.
(i) The global five-g cycle has opened up the demand for telecommunications equipment, and the global five-g construction cycle is expected to benefit fully. We have led the construction of 5g, with our 5-g license plate issued in 2019. We have built the world’s largest 5-g network, with 700,000 base stations, representing nearly 70 per cent of the world’s total, connecting more than 180 million terminals.
In 2021, it is expected that the country will continue to build over 900,000 5g base stations to meet coverage requirements, and that capital spending by the three major operators will continue to grow by 8-10%. The launch of the global 5g construction will mean the start of a new cycle of equipment booms, which we consider to be the world’s 5g leader.
Four g are still in the vanguard, with China, South Korea, the United States, among others, the top five-g-positive nation in the world, with the largest build-up in the future coming from the Asia-Pacific region, where there are now nine countries in the process of building 5g, and 12 countries and regions in the future having announced plans to build 5g networks. With the maturity and application of 5g technologies, Europe, Europe, Europe, Europe,
North America and South-East Asia will also be an important target market for building 5g. Gsma projects capital spending of $41.4 billion for Asia-Pacific operators between 2020 and 2025, of which $331 billion will be spent on 5g. Globally, 46 operators in 24 regions have now started commercializing 5g, and 79 operators in 39 regions are planning commercial 5g.
In April 2019, the Japanese government released a new 5-g-specific spectrum, nttdocomo, kddi, silver and silver, and four companies, Xiaotian, which are expected to invest 1 trillion yen by the end of 2024 to build about 70,000 base stations throughout Japan. In South-East Asia, in June 2019, the Philippine Telecom giant, Globetelecom, launched the country’s first 5-g commercial network.
Services: Singapore launched two independent 5g networks in 2021, and will have a 5g network that will cover half the country by the end of 2022, and the country by 2025. New telecommunications (singtel) and the association of stars and stars with First Line (m1) have been awarded a 5g telecommunications network that will eventually cover the country.
On the European side, German telecommunications deployed 5g, with 18,000 5g antenna units installed, and reached 2020 ahead of schedule.
The target of covering half of the German population (more than 40 million people) is planned to cover two thirds of the population by 2020; according to the Vodafon financial report, capital expenditure for the first half of 2021 is planned to be €3,363 million (an increase of 12 per cent over the same period): the goal of the Spanish Telecommunications German company is to cover 16 million people by 2022. In 2020, the European countries began intensive 5g spectrum auctions, which China acquired in February.
On the South American side, Naking will push 5g in Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, Peru, and Mexico. On-site experiments are being conducted with the Mexican Telecom giants, Trans-America, and Spanish telecommunications.
Over $1 trillion is expected in global operator capital spending over the next five years, mainly for building 5g. The largest 5g is in North America, Asia and the Pacific, China, Europe, and Latin America. For domestic equipment providers, compared to the 4g period, when 4g equipment entered the global market, global construction of 4g is at maturity, while our country leads 5g, a market that can be reached.
The construction cycle of 5g opens up a promising demand for telecommunications equipment, with huge market space and important markets in Asia and the Pacific, Europe and North America. Marketsandmarkets predict that they will reach $47.775 billion by 2027, with a compound annual growth rate of (ii) fewer and fewer overseas competitors.
There are many reasons for this in recent years, with the technological upgrading of domestic equipment manufacturers, increased product competitiveness and the successive decline of traditional telecommunications giants, such as Alang, Motors and North Power, but we believe that the most important thing is the dividends for our engineers and the huge investment of our operators in the telecommunications industry.
In terms of income and profit, Ericsson's business income has been around 200 million yuan in recent years. Its net profit as a whole has also lost $35,216 million and $6,53 billion, all of which have decreased. Ericsson's network operations have been declining, and its competitiveness in terms of digital services and hosting operations has been declining in order to sustain growth and thus promote a lower Maori rate of growth.
Another major telecom giant, Nokia, is in trouble, with a zero market share in China’s latest 5-g wireless tender. In 2010, thanks to the advantage of the mobile phone market, operating revenues reached $371.7 billion, and after selling the mobile phone business to Microsoft in 2013, revenues were high.
After the acquisition of Alang in November 2015, revenues rose to $173 billion, but the pace of performance continued to decline. Nokia’s decline was one of the main causes of the difficult business situation, except for the weak development of mobile phones.
In the first half of 2020, China continued to rank first, with a market share of 31% (up 3%); Nokia ranked second, with a market share of 14% (down 2%); and Ericsson ranked third, with a market share stable.
14%: China Communications ranked fourth with a market share of 11% (2% higher than the previous year); Cisco ranked fifth with a market share of 6% (1% lower than the same year). Market shares of major competitors abroad showed a downward trend, with international producers such as Nokia, Ericsson and Cisco gradually weakening, while domestic China and China rose steadily, mainly because China launched a large-scale 5g in the first half of the year, and China took over China and China.
In 2018, the impact of United States sanctions led to a decline in their market share, but in 2019, performance turned out to be marked by a marked increase in their market share. As firms pre-empted 5g layouts and deep technological accumulations, market share is expected to (iii) increase steadily in their domestic share due to a clear technological advantage.
We are leading the construction of 5g worldwide, driven by an engineer dividend, the communications industry as a labour-intensive, technology-intensive industry, with a clear cost advantage for national producers of communications equipment. In terms of labour costs in manufacturing, our manufacturing workers were paid $871 per month in 2019, far less than in Germany, the United States, Japan, and so on.
The number and quality of engineers in the country are well guaranteed. The wages of engineers abroad are also significantly higher than in the country, and the average wages of equipment dealers abroad, such as Ericsson and Nokia, are about 400,000 to 500,000 yuan/year, while in recent years they are about 200,000 to 300,000/year, and engineers are far less paid than overseas.
We have the advantage of having a long-term and stable competitiveness in terms of technology and cost compared to those overseas, and will continue to encroach on the share of overseas equipment suppliers. The popular 5g patent is the top three, after China and Samsung.
According to a report released in February 2020 by the internationally known patent data company, iplytics, the 5g standard required patent 2,561 was disclosed to etci, ranked third in the world. National production of 5g equipment has a significant technical advantage.
For example, the aau device for frequency 160mhz, which is more powerful than Ericsson and Nokia, is used by the Chinese and the Chinese. From the interface, the Chinese and the Chinese support the ecpri protocol, significantly reducing the data transfer pressure of the pre-transit interface. The 25g light module is used to meet the forward transmission requirements, while the Chinese support the cpri interface, which facilitates smooth evolution of the operator's network equipment and avoids the next generation of communication technology upgrades.
In addition, China supports 4g/5g co-models for both Chinese and Chinese equipment. In the 5g era, different meridian communications, bbu, is more powerful in terms of power and capacity.
China’s share of the country’s 5-g share is expected to increase further in the future, compared to the 4-g period. In the 4-g period, the sum of the shares of China and China is about 65%, and the sum of the shares of Ericsson and Nokia is about 20%.
The result of a tender from three of our major operators shows that the country’s telecommunications equipment has risen dramatically, with excellent performance parameters and a large share. As China and China’s 5g global leader, the future market share is expected to continue to grow.
(iv) 5g construction cycles are longer than 4g, with 4g mainstream overseas operators in large offshore market space, 4g overseas is matured and 5g leaders have greater market space overseas. The first global 4g pilot commercial network was launched in 2009. By 2014, the world had 79 national ministries.
China’s 4g major investment period was 6 years (2014-2019), during which an average of nearly 1 million new 4-g Gs was added each year.
In the first three years of the operator base station construction, user penetration has increased rapidly, and 58% of the base station construction has reached 50%. Investment in 5g will be smoother and more sustained than investment in 4g, with an expected construction period of over eight years.
The global coverage of 4g is close to saturation at 84.7% and the construction needs of 5g are high. The construction of 4g is nearing completion, with the Asia-Pacific region reaching 94.2% coverage of 4g, the Europe region covering 97.2%, and North America covering 88.7%. Operators urgently need to open up 5g networks to increase their value.
In North America, the 5g commercialization process is on track, and operators have introduced a commercial 5g service focused on mobile broadband to support the roll-out of 5g smartphones in all three bands. It is expected that 2026 will have over 340 million 5g users, or 80% of mobile users. In Western Europe, lte is the dominant access technology, accounting for 81% of all users.
By 2026, the number of lte users will have fallen to 29%, while the penetration rate of 5g will have risen to 68%; in North-East Asia, the deployment of 5g was accelerated in 2020, and all major operators have now launched 5g commercial services. In South Korea, the 5g network coverage has continued to improve, with the goal of achieving national coverage by 2021. In China, the three major operators are building large-scale 5g coverage, which is expected to reach the end of 2020.
China’s 5g users will reach 175 million. Japan’s major operators have introduced commercial 5g services, Japan’s service providers are now accelerating the deployment of 5g and dynamic spectrum sharing. With the increased availability of 5g equipment, Japan is expected to have more than 190 million 5g users by the end of 2020, with penetration rates expected to reach 66%. In areas of relatively underdeveloped economies, 5g space is limited and will remain in the future.
In sub-Saharan Africa, mobile penetration is 84% below the global average. At the end of 2020, it was only about 15% of the total number of users, with a larger market share of 3g and 2g.
(i) The 5g switch provides good development opportunities for Chinese terminal operations. Smart phones will remain one of the most important terminals of the 5g period, with China’s market leading the world. According to data from China’s Information and Communications Technology Institute, by the third quarter of 2020, the domestic market had a cumulative total of 226 million mobile phones, with a cumulative penetration rate of 108 million and a penetration rate of 47.7 per cent.
Between June and September, the country’s 5g mobile phone stock was more than 60%, and China’s home-grown 5g mobile phone penetration and volume were leading the world. According to Canalys, global cellular output by 2020 was estimated to be approximately 278 million, while the Greater China region accounted for 172 million, or 62%.
Over 160 million. Five-g mobile phones have been upgraded to provide good development opportunities for China’s development terminal operations.
China’s share of global 5g connections is projected to reach 70% by 2020, while China’s usage of 5g will increase to nearly 50% by 2025. As the country’s 5g base station continues to improve, the 5g mobile phone switch is approaching.
Marketing and marketing, on the other hand, have been pushing for the release of new products to stimulate the consumption of mobile phones. The mobile phone market is recovering, according to a couple of billion copies. According to astatista, the global market for 5g mobile phones has been growing since 2021 and will grow to 770 million in 2023. The emerging mobile phone business is focusing on 5g, expanding the domestic and foreign operators and consumer markets, and the global 5g.
The outbreak of cellular phones will provide a good development opportunity for the company’s consumer business. (ii) The company’s reserves are high, and it is expected that it will be able to recreate its past excellence.
Year after year, another mobile market will be shuffling and growing up. With the full dawn of the 5g era, the boom continues to lead innovation, and new opportunities for market offerings promise to re-emergize China’s mobile phones.
At a time of uncertainty and a huge market gap, China focused on the development of cdma and Xiaoming, whose mobile business has grown rapidly, becoming the country’s first market share of the cdma and whose mobile business has grown year after year. Key technology in the 3g period was still based on cdma as the bottom of the patent.
In mid-2011, the world’s first double-model double-band 4g data card was launched, and international patent applications jumped to the top of the world’s firms in the same year. The idc report showed that in late 2011, China’s communications reached 17.1 million, with a 4% share of global mobile phones, and ranked fifth in the global mobile phone market, with only lg0.1% behind.
In 2011, according to a report released by idc, China’s communications reached 17.1 million and accounted for 4% of the world’s mobile phones, ranking fifth, just 0.1% less than the fourth.
In the third quarter, China’s communications smartphones had the fourth largest global output, but the final product fell to 25,840 million yuan a year. To enhance its competitiveness, China created a Nubian brand, positioning high-end markets. According to the enfodesk, China’s total mobile phone sales in the first quarter of 2013 were 90,540,000, a 23.5 per cent increase in ring growth compared to 34.8 per cent.
The share is 17%, while the share is the fifth in 6% of the market, and the largest in the country ' s mobile phones. In 2014, the total number of mobile phones delivered was more than 100 million, with overseas markets accounting for more than 70%. According to strategyanalytics, the middle is still the top four in the US mobile market, while the middle is ranked second in the US prepaid cellular market, accounting for 19.4% of the market.
An equal price of 5g mobile phones, with a clear competitive advantage. In terms of prices, both axon20 and nova7se have mobile phones in the range of $2100-2800, and axon20 is even lower.
The choice was 6.92 inch zeroed screen (resolution greater than nova7se) with an intelligent 90hz high-scaling rate giving consumers a immersion experience; high-tungsten 765g processorium processor was mounted, with the most advanced 7nmeuv process taking the lead, although slightly less than the thorium 820 processor, but carrying high-intellectual intellectual property made it easier to enter the North American market and to expand competition in the North American market.
And it's better at axon20 than nova7se. It's a technological and channeled advantage, and it's promising to recreate the peaks. It's a brand, channel, and technology.
At the brand level, the first commercial 5g mobile phone axon10pro5g was released in 2019, and at the global premiere, axon20 was launched in 2020, opening the way for the three mobile brands: Central, Nubian, Red.
At the technology level, China’s communications can sustain its technological leadership as a major contributor to and participant in global 5g technology research, standard-setting, and more than in the 4g era.
In 1998, the company entered the United States market, started selling the terminal in 2007, and to date has formed partnerships with virtually all telecommunications operators, such as at&t, verizon, Springt-mobile,
High binding with operators, etc., is the biggest reason for the continued growth of Chinese mobile phones in North America, because more than 90% of smart phones in North America are sold through operators. In mid-2018, axonm folding phones opened up high-end markets in the United States.
North America’s increased market share of mobile phones.iv. Core breakthrough: limitless chip, 5g technology lead (i) 5g cycle Māori rises, long-term stable competitive advantage
The Māori rate for mobile base-station construction and central communications is changing cyclically and is expected to increase as the 5g build progresses. Reviewing the 4g construction period, Māori rates for central communications were below 30 per cent during the 2012 and 2013 4g deployments, up from 30.75 per cent in 2014 to 32.91 per cent in 2018.
A more aggressive policy of price competition has led to a relatively low rate of Maori for new tender projects. The subsequent decline in the cost of technological innovation, the need for subsequent expansion, etc., will lead to an increase in the bargaining power of equipment negotiators and a gradual increase in the combined Māori rate. The construction of 4g base stations continued to dominate in 2019 (some 1.74 million new base stations), with a further increase in Māori rates, accompanied by a small amount of 5g (130,000)
The telecommunications industry is a highly intellectually intensive manufacturing industry that benefits from the country’s trade-student benefits, and whose per capita remuneration is significantly lower than that of Ericsson and Nokia, while at the same time enjoying the necessary number of patents for 5g (2561).
At the same time, micro-e-equity in Nsa and sa's acquisition (ii) has increased chip self-supply capacity, according to the Chinese Semiconductor Industry Association's “China's 10 largest enterprises in 2019 integrated circuit design”.
One of the leading chip design firms. Focusing on communication chip development, such as communication networks, smart households, and industry applications, self-researching and successful commercial development reached more than 100 microchips, covering the area of communication networks “carriage, access, terminals” and serving more than 160 countries and territories around the world.
Validation technology, with more than 2,000 R & D personnel with advanced eda design platforms, cot design services, development processes, and regulation. Companies now hold a modest 81,1781% of equity through direct and affiliates, and companies issue an announcement that they will receive $2.6 billion in long-term H & C and credit surplus equity, and will raise additional investment funds for research and development of a new generation of 5 g chips.
In the area of wireless products, the 7nm core chip of the medium-swinging electron 5g has been commercialized, and a series of wireless product support operators based on the high performance of the 7nm self-research chip have built high-value, smooth-evolved 5g networks: cable products, where high product integration, high-performance, low-capacity, high-yielding product content has been achieved on the market for the central electronic self-research chip.
It will further strengthen management and control of the mesmerized electronics, contribute to the efficiency of the implementation of the mesmerized electronics business, prepare it for new competitiveness in the 5g application area, and further highlight the core competitive advantages of the master domain.
In addition, as a result of a settlement with the United States, the future use of American chips in products will be unrestricted, contributing to the improvement of product quality and enhancing the edge of competition in overseas markets. Microelectronics operations are mainly based on technology and product development around key chips in 5g communications equipment, including wireless access to 5g.
In the 5g era, different communications, key chip technology and product development, key chip technology and product development for the 5g-carrying network, and so on, strengthened chip operations and enhanced core competitiveness.
In August 2013, Ericsson, a joint venture with the semiconductor of Ericsson, took over the ite super thin chip business, and then, after assessing it, Ericsson stopped the chip development business.
(iii) 5g industry applications are on the rise, and government enterprises are expected to grow rapidly. Companies have been working for more than a decade in the political and business spheres, and are deeply engaged in traditional priority markets, such as energy, transport, government, finance, etc., and are trusted by their clients.
In the first half of 2020, companies actively deployed new market hot spots, such as new infrastructure, 5g industry applications, digital transformational upgrading, promoting the sale of self-researched products, increasing the competitiveness of computing and connecting to two broad categories of products, and continuously optimizing market patterns.
5g+ industry applications to boost business needs. 5g technologies can use their high-speed, low-time, high-capacity features to meet the demands of new industrial upgrading networks, promote smart synergies in humans and enable the upgrading of manufacturing. 5g networks make it possible for wireless technologies to be applied to industrial areas such as real-time equipment control, remote maintenance and manipulation, industrial high-resolution image processing, etc.
Soft production lines and flexible workshops have laid the foundation. 5g technologies are slowly permeating into intelligent manufacturing, opening up the future of industrial wireless development.
In recent years, China has increased its investment in high-end routers and switchboards, and in 2019 it achieved significant breakthroughs in such areas as high-end routers and backbone network otn, in which China moved the "high-end router 2t" package, winning the first winning candidate, winning 50% of the bid, and gradually cutting into the high-end router market, which is the most technologically difficult, was an important milestone.
There will be a historic opportunity for business, where digital transformation needs drive rapid growth in cloud computing, big data, etc., where companies have been deployed for many years and continue to break through the high-end router/exchanger market. According to idc, the global Ethernet exchange market space is about $29 billion a year.
The market share of Cisco, Hua, and Xinhua is now close to 90%. With the break-up of the high-end routers switch in the business network, it is expected to bring new growth points to the company. (iv) Compliance upgrades: lifelines for global operations
In 2018, the “refusal order” event had a huge impact on company operations, with significant investment and results in global compliance. Changes or enhancements were made mainly from the building of a compliance culture, the investment of compliance resources, process system development and professional capacity.
We expect that the operator ' s 5g construction cycle will remain strong over the next three years, assuming that the operator ' s capital spending will be strong in the next three years, that mobile terminal operations will be restarted, that the fiveg mobile phone will be re-shipped in the next three years, and that the future mobile phone sales will continue to grow steadily at around 15 percent, and that the Maori rate will slow down as the price of the 5g mobile phone drops.
The 5g+ industry has advanced in its application and upgraded its digital transformation, which has broken through high-end routers and switchboards, and is expected to be an important growth point for middle-economy enterprises, which are expected to maintain growth of around 10% in the future. With relatively high barriers to government and business, the Māori rate is stable and stable, assuming that the Māori ratio for government and business remains at its previous average.
2. Sub-operational income projections, based on the above assumptions, are expected to generate revenue and gross profit rates for the company ' s operations as follows:
(=) The main business of the boom is divided into operator business, consumer business, government business, and mesmerizing electronics, and we are considering the valuation of the company’s divisional valuation method. The operator selects Ericsson, Nokia, for reference, with an average of 24.6 per cent.
Apples, audio holdings, rice groups are taken as a reference, with an average of 42.1 per cent for companies in the government selecting Cisco, Purple shares, and arista as a reference average of 26.4 per cent. According to the latest disclosure by Sino-Xing Electronic Reference Company, revenues are projected at $8.9 billion (Yoy160 per cent) in 2020, net profits are projected at $500 million, representing a significant increase in the same value, with an average value of $13.8 billion given in the bulletin.
In 2019, the company rose above its overseas competitors, Ericsson and Nokia. In recent years, it has gradually risen to 37%, close to its competitors. In 2019, the company’s R&D cost was $12.55 billion, down from 35.580 billion in Nokia and 28.92 billion in Ericsson.
But R & D costs are lower than Nokia, and higher than Ericsson. In recent years, companies have continued to invest in R & D in 5g, and R & D costs as revenue.
Overseas orders were not obtained as expected; domestic 5g construction was not as advanced as expected; smartphones were not sold as expected; and cost controls were not as high as expected, leading to a lower than expected Māori ratio.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report