China Communications (000063.sz) The new capital, the White Horse, is the fourth-largest communications major equipment dealer in the world.
The company is the fourth largest supplier of communications equipment in the world, with 10% of the global market share in 2019. Corporate corporate representatives are Lee self-studyers.
Thanks to the full launch of the Song Bing-hwan 5g network-building cycle, the main equipment provider has benefited from a high degree of certainty. According to gsma, the global operator ' s total capital expenditure for 2020-2025 was about $1.1 trillion, of which 5g investment accounted for
At the end of September 2019, our operator opened a 5g building, and the operator’s base station equipment and transmission equipment were needed to warm up. The company, as the head of the equipment, had over 30 per cent of the country’s 4g-year-old city, which had already received more than 47 5g commercial contracts.
Continuous R & D investment builds deep-technology mounds. Companies have a strong R & D capability, synchronizing or leading the 5g three-stage test. Corporate R & D investment in 2019 was $12.548 billion, or 13.83% of business income, and ranked highest among the top 20 shares in R & D investment.
The declared 5g standard patenters account for 11.89% of the total 5g standard patenters, an increase of 4.67 pct over 4g (7.22%) and the highest level of promotion for all companies. The company has been building high-tech barriers through many years of research and development investment and is expected to protect its 5g operations.
In 2015-2019, middle-swing income-generating per capita was significantly higher than Ericsson and Nokia, with companies producing higher or continuing to benefit from the engineer dividend. The company’s equity incentives for a total of 6123 executives and cadres were expected to stimulate life.
With sustained industrial consolidation, the city’s share is expected to rise. After many years of sustained consolidation of global telecommunications equipment, only the market is dominated by central, Chinese, Ericsson, and Nokia.
The rate rose from 7% in 2009 to 11% in 2020h1. Investment in 5g is expected to accelerate, and construction abroad of 5g has been delayed by the epidemic.
Electronic focus on communication chip design and collection is the top six in the country. Corporate announcements are expected to increase the synergies in the company’s industrial chain, with 24% of the e-conservation held by the country’s major funds.
The company is one of the leaders of the country’s five-g base station, and its share in the domestic market is expected to exceed 30% in the future. The company has accumulated a wealth of data, central business experience, active industrial Internet operations, and is expected to benefit from new infrastructure in the long term.
Risks. 4 - Operator capital expenditures fall short of expected risks. 1 - 5g - build up the telecommunications industry. 1 - 5g - (i) Communication technology upgrades, 5g - build up speed.
(i) The demand, technology and applications drive the 5g era, the communications industry combines cyclical and growth attributes, and industry growth spirals upwards. The communications industry is a cyclical industry, and industry cycles are driven mainly by technological advances, typically one to five or even six g. Technological advances generate new user demand.
This, in turn, prompts operators to start a cycle of capital spending, and then to recycle it along the industrial chain. The communications industry is also part of the growth industry, where the speed and quality of information transmission are constantly evolving under Shannon laws, and data flows are growing geometrically, and the reverse is contributing to a significant increase in investment in communications infrastructure. Overall, the growth of the communications industry is more cyclical in nature than cyclical in nature.
Business spirals up in cycles and growth. The 4g lift dividend is nearing the end of the period, and 5g opens up the winding up slope. Traditional mobile communications mainly use mobile platform technology, base station technology, mobile exchange technology to connect end-of-pipe devices within the mobile communication network, resolving inter-mobile or mobile objects.
Communications with fixed bodies. Four generations of technology, such as analogue mobile communication systems, digital cellular communications systems, mobile multimedia communication systems and high-speed mobile communication systems, have been growing at a faster rate, with fewer delays and errors, and with increasing technological stability and reliability, providing a flexible way of exchanging information for productive life.
Policies have come to fruition, and the world has officially entered the fifth generation of mobile communication technologies (5g). Figure 2: 1g-5g for technology and support applications 5g includes three scenarios: super high, reliable low-time delay, enhanced mobile bandwidth, and big-volume machine communications. 1g communications use analogue communications
The system, which suffers from defects such as serial numbers, affects its normal use. 2g (the country entered the age of 2g in 1995) from analogue modem to digital modem. 2g has a high degree of confidentiality, and the system's capacity is increasing effectively to improve the quality of mobile calls.
The use of high-speed music videos and other applications, such as Internet access, is limited. In 2013, mobile Internet access did not increase in average household traffic and lower-middle- and low-speed mobile Internet margins diminished in dividends. 4g (the country started the 4g era at the end of 2013) increased access and high-speed high-speed Internet applications drove technological advances in communications.
After the 4g penetration uphill process, the average flow of mobile Internet access and the income from mobile Internet data increased at an accelerated outbreak in the three-year period 2016-2018, with a full release of the 4g dividend. In 2019, it was 5g won, with super-high and reliable low-time delay, enhanced mobile bandwidth, and high-volume machine communications becoming the three major applications of 5g, with a peak rate of 20 times higher and space capacity 100 times higher.
At the end of 2018-2019, the development of new applications for mobile terminals entered a bottleneck period, the growth of mobile Internet traffic slowed and the growth of income from mobile interconnectivity virtually stalled. At this time, there is an urgent need for the next generation of communication technologies to create and meet the demand for new applications and to re-energize growth across the industry.
urllc (super-high, reliable, ultra-low-time delay communication), mmtc (mass machine combined). 5g has significantly increased on the indicators, increasing space capacity and connection density by 20, 100 and 10 times, respectively, at single terminal peak rates. The dual increase in end demand “mass” (single terminal traffic) and “quantity” (end mass) has upgraded past flow growth patterns from one dimension to multiple dimensions.
5g core technology evolves along Shannon's law. Shannon's three main theories are the basic theory of information. Shannon's first theory is that it can grow without loss of truth. Shannon's second theory is that it's noise-convergence. Shannon's third rule is that it's a loss of truth-based code. Shannon's second law gives a ceiling on the speed of the transmission of information and a ratio of the letters and bandwidth.
. There are several ways to improve data transmission. First, by reducing the n value, increasing network density, increasing the number of base stations, and reducing the number of users per base station. Second, by increasing the m-value, using mimo technology, increasing the number of mimo scales, and increasing the number of antennas launched and received. Third, by increasing the bw value and widening the width of the channel, it is possible to increase the frequency band and carrier aggregation.
Mode. Fourth, increase the albino ratio, use high-level modems to improve spectrum efficiency. Figure 3: Shannon II Law, Shannon II Law.
The founder of Claude Shannon's American Mathematician Info, of which, c was the maximum rate of transmission of information, bw was the width of the message, s was the average power of the signal in the channel, n was the power of the Gaussian noise in the channel, s/(n+1) was the noise ratio, m was the day of transmission and receipt.
The “demand-technology-application” cycle is repeated in the evolution of mobile communications from generation to generation, and the demand for applications is the first driver of technological progress. Historically, the various applications have emerged after each generation of technology has been deployed in commerce.
Some applications use the new characteristics of each generation of technology to identify new needs and open up large new markets. As the market space becomes more and more saturated, the advantages of new technologies become less apparent, and the development of the entire industry becomes a bottleneck, and development begins to slow. At the same time, new demand will be discovered, affecting the direction, demand and new characteristics of the next generation of technology.
From 2009 to date, the country’s per capita Internet access user traffic has increased dramatically, and mobile Internet data revenues have increased. Flows have benefited both from the spread of smart phones and from the evolution of communication networks, resulting in a significant increase in the speed and quality of transmission of information.
In 2020h1, our cumulative mobile Internet traffic reached 74.5 billion gb, an increase of 34.5 per cent. Of this total, 72 billion gb were connected via mobile phones, representing an increase of 30.4 per cent, or 96.6 per cent, of total mobile Internet traffic.
(2) The world’s leading country plus 5g, China is in the first camp since the first 5g standard (r15) freeze came down in June 2018, and our policy has accelerated with the introduction of 5g commercials. In December 2018, the Central Economic Work Conference proposed to accelerate the pace of 5g commercials and complete the 5g spectrum of the country’s three largest operators in the same month.
In September of that year, China Connect announced that it would share 5g wireless networks with China ' s telecommunications; in February and February 2020, the Central Political Bureau and the CDRC, among others, made intensive announcements emphasizing the accelerated development of new infrastructure such as 5g; in May 2020, China moved to work with China ' s wide power grid to develop 5g shared networks and content and platforms; the two network configurations were established throughout the country, and 5g-related policies were promulgated in all locations.
On April 3, 2019, after obtaining government approval, South Korea’s top three operators, sktelecom, kt, and lguplus, announced that they would start providing 5g commercial services. Then, the largest mobile operator in the United States, Verizon, announced the launch of commercial 5g networks in Chicago and Minneapolis.
Business associations (gsa) data show that, as of July 2020, there were currently 92 5g commercial networks worldwide, distributed in 38 countries and regions, and 392 operators in 126 countries and territories have announced that they are investing in 5g. According to ctsia, China, Korea, the United States, Japan are in the first formation of 5g worldwide, with business time ranging from 2019 to 2020.
Germany, France, Canada, etc. are in the second camp, with business time ranging from 2020 to 2021. 5g is on the rise, 6g is on the ground in many countries, and China officially initiates 6g studies. 6g data transfer rates are or will be 50 times as high as 5g, and are reduced to 1/10 of 5g, at peak rates, time delay, flow density, connection density, mobility, etc.
In recent years, many countries have begun to deploy a 6g project, and it is expected that on 6 November 2025 China will launch its first global 6g test satellite, the University of Electronic Technology. The satellite is carrying a Tehez satellite communication payload designed by the cosmopolitan cosmopolitan design and will establish a receiving and transmission link on the satellite platform and conduct Tehez.
The payload test, which will also be the first global technical validation of Teherz communications in the space application landscape. Teherz communications, with the advantages of frequency spectrum abundance, high transmission rates, and easy integration of communication perception, is one of the key technologies of 6g. In the future, our country is expected to maintain a technological lead in the 6g market.
Figure 8: Countries starting a 6g vision 6g is Korea's Communication Noki Yabel Laboratory and Finn.
The Ministry of General Affairs of Japan has published the University of Langaulu, the Finnish National Year for the establishment of the 6g Major Technology in the country.
Dots, three-star electronics, technology research centers, etc., announce strategic objectives for collusive arts.
For the implementation of &genesis - Japan's Information and Communication Research Institute
Central, leading the 6g International Target Ecosystems project, relevant discussions to be developed.
China's Department of Science and Technology co-authored it with the United States Federal Communications Commission.
In Beijing, a 6-g frequency spectrum was organized by a multi-sectoral group, such as the Commission for Development and Reform.
Yes, we're officially launching a network service, the sixth generation of mobile communications.
(ii) The 5g construction dividend shared in the communications industry chain 5g the communications industry chain can be divided into four parts, upstream components, midstream equipment operators and downstream operators and customers, where it operates
Business plays an important role in the industrial chain. Upstream technologies (chips, optical devices, modular markets, antenna radio frequency and cable, etc.) have matured, with China achieving almost autonomous control except for high-end chips and parts of radio frequency devices; medium-swain (base stations, transmission facilities, antennas, etc.) is the key to achieving full coverage of 5g, with China having the world's largest base station market space, network deployment.
The coverage and cost optimization chain has a stronger practical advantage; downstream (operator markets and end users) can achieve a rich and diverse 5g application landscape, such as unmanned, smart cities, object networking, smart medicine, etc.
Macro (micro) base station China Mobile base station antenna
China Telecom, China Connect, radio frequency antenna
China Wire, Overseas Operators, Auxiliary Connectors
In order to ensure stability of use and continuity of use, the operator's network upgrades generally follow an “evolving, compatible” model rather than a complete replacement.
The synergy and maintenance of multi-generational networks requires the accumulation of technology and engineering and a profound understanding of the networks. Technology research and development perspectives: each generation of technological upgrading of communication networks is based on the previous generation of technological experience and does not meet the needs of new applications and requires long-term foundational research and development.