Topper Group (601689.sh) Automotive auto parts and components iii, the leading supplier of auto parts and components in the country, has been expanding the product matrix. The company is committed to the auto power chassis system.
Research and development and manufacturing in the areas of apparel systems, smart driving systems, etc., as the industry evolves, product line coverage expands to provide customers with one-stop, system-level, modular products and services.
The chassis system, the air overhang system, the smart driving system have eight major lines of business, with major clients including domestic and international smart electric and traditional oem companies.
Clients are widely recognized for deep binding and common value creation. In the domestic market, companies are working with mainstream new energy companies such as Hua-Celes, Mi, Gilly, Biade, Chiré, Ideal, and Ui. The volume of orders and the value of bicycles continues to rise. At the international level, companies are working with the US-based new power companies, rivian.
And traditional giants such as Ford, gm, stellentis, bmw, mercedes-benz all cooperate fully in the new energy sector and have succeeded in gaining access to the global market of BMW1 and the global n-car platform, where globalized products are expected to grow faster.
Manufacturing bases have been set up in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc. to enhance regional synergy and responsiveness. Companies have been synchronized to promote the global distribution of production capacity, and production bases are now being established in a number of countries, including the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, Poland, Mexico, Thailand, where Thailand’s production base is expected to be operational by the end of 2025.
In the case of the yellow border, the first phase of the Mexico project has been fully operational, and the second phase of the Polish factory is being planned to enhance the capacity of the European market to receive orders.
The development of robotics, liquid cooling, etc., is expected to be a new growth point for companies. The company expands to robotic power-driven enforcement, supported by its own integrated research and development capabilities in online brakes, heat pipes, wire control, etc.
So far, the robotic power drive project is well under way and has begun to deliver bulk: the smart handgun has sent samples to customers several times and has started to deliver bulk. With regard to liquid cooling, the company has applied thermal management techniques and products to the liquid cold server industry, and the company is now moving to China, a customer, nvidia, meta and customers.
Households and data centre providers provide relevant products and have already obtained an initial order of $1.5 billion. Investment proposal: the company is the country’s leading supplier of auto parts and components, with a rich product matrix, deep binding downstream nuclear clients, the main industry is growing steadily; at the same time, the company actively deploys the human robotics business, which is currently robotic power.
The production line is officially operational. We expect the total operating income for 2025-2027 to be one, the Topu Group, the company’s main business for the development, production and sale of car parts and components.
Station-based, system-level, modular products and services, such as car nvh shock relief systems, interior systems, lightweight vehicle body, smart cabin parts, thermal management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems, etc., have eight major business plates, with customers including national and international smart electric vehicles and traditional oems.
By accurately capturing industry trends, companies have continuously expanded their product lines and have now become platform-based enterprises. Companies have a rich product line and bottom calibration capability, such as suspension systems, air suspensions, wire brakes ibs, wire-controlled transitions to eps. Companies have the necessary elements to integrate line control chassis and skateboard chassis.
In addition, companies are actively engaged in intuitive robotic operations, with products in the field of robotics, such as straight-line executives, rotation executors, smart handguns, sensors, body structures, foot absorbers, electro-soft skins, etc.
(i) Basic financial situation,1 rich domestic and foreign customer resources, and stable and growing cooperation. The company’s innovative Tier 0.5 business model is widely accepted by its clients and allows for deep binding and common value creation with its clients.
At the international level, companies and US-based new power companies, rovian and traditional giants, including Ford, gm, stellentis, bmw, merces-benz, have cooperated fully in the new energy sector and have succeeded in acquiring BMX1 global vehicle models.
In the area of interior systems, the new high-end materials developed have been continuously marketed, with high-model leather ceilings applied to the new Celesm9 model, and new material door panels have been successful in obtaining orders from new energy companies such as lucid: the chassis field, the public domain.
The control arm of the exercise aluminum ball has always been matched by a large number of car companies, such as Cyrus, Mi, Peng, Biadei and BMW. Market access has been increasing: in the electronics sector of cars, the c-ecas system has continued to grow, production has accelerated, and it is projected to rise to 1.5 million sets in 2025, and it is now equipped with the Carys, ideal, kryptonite, etc.
The company has built manufacturing bases around major domestic automobile clusters in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc., while promoting the global distribution of production capacities in several countries, including the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, Poland, Mexico, Thailand.
Of these, Thailand’s production base is expected to be operational by the end of 2025, and the company’s strategic layout in South-East Asia will be further improved. For North America and Europe, the first phase of the Mexico project has been fully operational, and the second phase of the Polish factory is being planned to enhance the European market’s capacity to carry orders.
It is expected to become a new growth point for companies. The company is looking for strategic opportunities for rapid growth in the robot industry, and actively deploys core robotic components and system solutions. The company uses its own online brakes, heat management, wire control, etc.
In addition, the company is actively developing robotic body structures, sensors, foot absorbers, electronic soft skin, etc.
In the case of liquid cooling, the company applies thermal management techniques and products to the liquid cold server industry, the main products include liquid cold pumps, heat pressure sensors, flow control valves, gas separators, liquid cooling flow plates, etc.
Meta and its clients and data centre providers provide the relevant products and have obtained the first order of $1.5 billion, which is expected to become a new growth point for the company in the future.4 In keeping with R & D and innovation, the advantages of product platforming are evident. Companies insist on autonomous R & D innovations, which now form materials, machinery, etc.
In the area of platforming, companies have continuously expanded their product lines, which now contain eight broad product lines, with single-car packages amounting to about $30,000, and there is still scope for expansion.
Clients provide one-stop, system-level, modular products and services that can quickly adapt to industrial change and business model innovation. (iii) Core scenario 1 for profit predictions, shock absorbers: a company ' s traditional business, more competitive products, and stable cooperation with domestic and foreign car enterprises.
2. Embleming features: Building on the ability to develop innovation and the manufacturing of intelligence, the integrated competitiveness of the company ' s interior features is increasing. 3. Underboard systems: the company has completed the layout of the light-quantified chassis product line arrays and has a rich product-line chassis adjustment capability. In this, the self-researched aluminum ball control arm is widely accepted by new car customers as the core component of the light-quantified chassis.
The market rate has continued to rise as a result of the combination of Cyrus, Mi, Peng, Wall, Chiri, Biade, Chang An, Upper Steam, BMW, Lucid, Scout, and so on. We expect the corresponding revenues from the bottom-plate system operations in 2025-2027 to be 4, auto electronics: companies are investing more in auto electronics, and products are gradually starting to grow.
Companies with large-scale production of c-ecas, companies are increasingly adding new orders; the smart door drive developed by the company is applied to car types such as aito interrogatorium m9: the smart brake system (ibs) is also moving fast and many projects are starting to produce. We expect the corresponding revenue for automobile electronics in 2025-2027 to be $26.75/37.4968 million, respectively, at the same rate of increase.
5. Thermomanagement system: In recent years, as a new growth point in corporate business, the company has comprehensively upgraded its capabilities in the development and manufacture of heat management systems, and has developed a variety of products such as multi-trend valves, electro-inflated valves, electro-water pumps, valve boards, radiators, gas-separate separators, etc. The company has completed a full range of product layouts and has achieved full self-research of the core components of the version 2.0 of the thermal management system.
We expect RMS operations to have an equivalent income of 25.16/3162/40.16 million in 2025-2027, at a rate different from the rate of increase. The company is a comprehensive supplier of spare parts covering a variety of vehicle core systems. Depending on the type of business, Desai Weiwei is selected (comparable dimensions with the company's operations in intelligent driving systems), Kobuda (primarily in electronic electrical structures, chassis electronics and heat management control).
There are synergies and comparability in areas such as collusive intelligence (competition with companies in heat management systems and spare parts) that are comparable to listed companies in the Topper Group. Given the abundance of corporate product matrices, deep binding of downstream core customers, the main industry is growing steadily; at the same time, the company’s human robotics business is well under way, is available for future release, is covered for the first time, and is rated “buy-in” for the first time.