In Tesla's optimus moment, the gen3 sword refers to a million-capable event: the Tupou Group published a three-quarter report in 2025, which achieved a profit-making pressure on its revenue q3 in the first three quarters of the year.
Realising revenues of $8 billion, an increase of 12 per cent in the same year; net return to mothers of $670 million, a decline of 14 per cent in the same year; high growth in automobile electronics. Companies’ air suspension systems, smart seating projects, wire control ibs, wire control to eps, power-driven systems, etc. have produced production successively, and the product lines continue to grow.
Add. As a leading domestic provider of large-scale production from the closed air hangar system (c-ecas), the company has built core parts from air storage tanks, air springs, asu, ecas, to complete self-research and innovation of the single cavity, two cavity, three cavity air hangar system.
With the accelerated expansion of schizophrenic capacity, which will be upgraded to about 1.5 million sets in 2025, the company's empty product mix has been branded as Cyrus, Mi, Ideas, and so on. During the reporting period, the nine-phase plant in Hangzhou Bay, with an area of 90,000 squares, has been put into operation to boost the capacity of the company's air hangar operations.
The highest/minimum price is guaranteed within 12 months. The internationalization strategy is continuing. Thailand’s production base is steadily being built, with further improvements in the international geographical layout, allowing for an out-of-country coverage of the entire product line, which is needed to take on more local orders from abroad.
Teslaoptimusgen 3, the sword means a million-dollar capacity. Topper has accumulated technological accumulations in the ibs project in the fields of machinery, decelerating institutions, electric power, electrical control, software, etc., and has expanded horizontally to thermal management of the 3-person Teslaoptimusgen robot.
The robotic implementer is the core component of the robot, consisting mainly of a straight-line implementer and < Tesraoptimgen3; auto parts and components.
Rotation executors, both of which need to meet both the technical indicators of light quantification, miniaturization and low power consumption, and human robotic moment >--2025-08-20 implementers need to achieve a variety of electrical, decelerating, sensor, encoder, drive, control
The company's core strengths in robotic executive business include an inert magnetic server that drives the silicon hands, joints, body formations.
Self-research capabilities of various types of machines, such as electrons, boxless machines: experience in integrating electric power units, speed-reducing institutions, controllers; collaboration between the company and the passenger body from the straight line executor and, given the company ' s experience and accumulated experience with ibs, the development of a rotation executor was initiated and then the development of a smart motor began, etc.
The product, which has been presented to clients several times, is moving quickly. The company is also active in laying robotic bodies, structure units, sensors, foot decomposers, electronic soft skin, etc., which further shapes the platformed product layout of robotic operations.
The liquid cool business layout creates new growth points. The artificial intelligence ai and the big models are growing rapidly, the demand for the chips is growing in an explosive fashion, the data centres, the centres of super-counting are growing rapidly, the liquid cold is growing rapidly, the technology can significantly reduce the data centre pue index, the company uses heat management technology and products.
Liquid cold servers, storage energy, robotics, etc., are related to liquid cooling pumps, temperature sensors, various flow-control valves, gas separators, liquid cold flow panels, etc. The first orders of $1.5 billion have been obtained.
Clients of enterprises and data centre providers, with market recognition for the extension of related products, will become the company’s new growth point in the future. Investment proposal: Teslaoptimusgen 3 is a million-percent capacity, and one is cold.
Working with large clients, starting with a straight-line implementer, and then starting to develop spin-over executors, and then developing products such as genres, handguns, and so on, the company has been actively setting up robotic body structures, sensors, foot decompositionors, electro-soft skins, etc., and has sent samples to clients on several occasions, and the project is moving rapidly.
Products such as liquid cold pumps, temperature sensors, various flow control valves, gas separators, liquid cool flow plates, etc. The first order of $1.5 billion has been made. At the same time, the company has docked its customers, a customer, nvidia, Meta, and various company customers and data centre providers.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a signatory to the Pacific, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may raise any aircraft for these companies.