2025q3 Income & Ring Growth "Car+ Robots+ai" \triangleright \triangleright
Client Tesla sales are equal to 7.4%, ring to 29.4%, Cyrus sales are equal to + 9.2%, ring to platform-type tier 0.5 points to the global engine. Clients +: strategic binding of Tesla and new power in car construction, entering the global supply system.
In a partnership and in response to the changes in industrial electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the new power of head-making, i.e., rivian, pelican, ideal, Biadiselis, explores a mode of cooperation at the Tier 0.5 level, and provides simultaneous development and supply services for the customer’s entire product line, which is accelerating the international strategy.
The performance of 025q2 is in line with the expected "car+robot+ai" platform-type enterprises. The company’s innovative business model of 0.5 has continued to grow rapidly, targeting head-smart electric power companies with an ever-increasing one-car kit value, which now has eight series of products valued at $30,000.
Active layout of the robotai application to the sea of stars. The company sets up robotic executives, executers, smart \trianglerights, sensors, body structures, electroskins, etc., which move rapidly with the client; and at the same time, Teen.
Millions of dollars, and the promotion of liquid cold products to customers and data centres such as China’s /a customer/nvidia/meta. At the end, 2024/1/4 announced a proposed investment of 5 billion yuan, 300 acres of planned land for robotic power-driven system production.
5. Tupou Group (601689.sh) Series Review IX: Acquisitions Investment Recommendations: A company with leading customer and product outreach capabilities gradually \triangleright under smart electrical change
Growing to be a champion of autonomous parts and components; currently built robotic capacity, which is expected to contribute gradually to new areas of business \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.