The Tupou Group (601689.sh) has a three-quarter rise in coils, a short-term suppression of profits, a three-quarter rise in coils, and a three-quarter climb in productivity have an impact on the release of performance.
q4 and next year, sales q4 and q4 are expected to continue to yield performance upwards.
It is expected that the incremental, thermal management, auto electronics, chassis, etc., will drive the company’s marginal performance upwards by adding to the cash flow of the company’s executives. The orders will continue to break, depending on the heat management capacity and client resources cut into the area of liquid cooling.
Technical breakthroughs have been made in modules and R290 refrigerant modules; thermal management technologies and products should be used in liquid cold servers, storage energy, robotics, etc., and an initial order of $1.5 billion has been obtained; companies have docked with customers in China, a customer, nvidia, Meta and various enterprise customers and data centre providers
Promotion of relevant products and market recognition will make the business a new growth point for the company in the future. The depth of high-quality customer binding and the successive production of new products will provide medium- and long-term performance certainty.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - second-quarter ring raise, cars, machines, ideals, Chiré, Mi, Gilly, Strandis, BMW, Mercedes, etc.
Topper Group (601689.sh) - Short-term profit pressure, robotic operations open up to new construction; robotics, companies and customers start layout from straight lines and rotate executives, and research and development of Top Group (601689.sh) - 3-quarter net profit increases by 55 per cent over the same period, platform-type
Products such as smart flashlights have been sent to customers on several occasions, and the project is progressing rapidly. The company is also active in the layout of Top Group (601689.sh) - a 26% increase in net profits in the second quarter over the same period, with a larger number of robotic body structures, sensors, foot decomposers, electro-soft skins, etc.
Topper Group (601689.sh) - Platform-type supply matrix power, with net profits rising continuously, creates platform-type suppliers in the field of robotics. The investment proposal is: the core of the human robotics industry chain, which maintains a “better than the big market” rating.
Market volatility to core clients and increased competition in the industry, reduced profit projections, overview of performance: $20.93 billion in the first three quarters of 2025, compared to 8.2 per cent in the Tupou Group, net profit return figure 2: corporate income and growth in the first quarter of the year
Figure 3: Net corporate profits and speed of increase
Business performance is expected to drive the company ' s marginal performance upwards by adding up to the performance of the firm ' s executives. Figure 5: Corporate Māori rates and net interest rates; Figure 6: Company ' s single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates
Figure 8: Quarterly four-cost rates R & D combines strong and efficient R & D to focus on key products and core technologies in the industrial chain in the R & D, in the experimental process, and to scale up R & D efficiency by applying the accumulated technology and experience to new R & D.
In the case of ibs, ibs are a highly integrated safety system that integrates multidisciplinary elements such as machinery, electrons, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, etc., and companies are in a rapidly changing car market environment.
Below: 1) longitudinal iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines: extension of line-and-way systems based on capabilities such as power control, software, manufacturing, bottom-disciple teaching (electrically powered transfer systems, active back-wheeling systems, contour posts, etc.), heat management system pump valves, air-suspent integrated injection gas and control sheets
In the field of robotics, the company ' s core strengths include: (a) self-research capability for various types of electric machines, such as a permanent magnetic server, unboxed electric machines, etc.; and (b) experience with integrated power units, speed-reducing institutions, controllers; and (c) experience in the field of robotics.
The company is more competitive in this area, guaranteeing it a greater share of the market. The company collaborates with its customers from a straight line of implementers, and is quick to obtain a favourable assessment of its research and development experience in ibs, given its accumulated research and development experience in ibs.
The company has also been active in setting up robotic body structures, sensors, foot, shock absorbers, electronic skin, etc., to further shape the platformed product layout of robotic operations.
The orders have been broken in the field of liquid cooling, based on the management capacity and client resources. The new generation of fully integrated and r290 refrigerant modules of the company has made a technological breakthrough; thermal management technologies and products have been applied to the liquid cold server, storage power, robotics, etc., and the first orders of $1.5 billion have been obtained; the company has already moved to China, a customer, nvidia, meta.
The business will become a new growth point for the company in the future, as well as corporate clients and data centre providers, to promote the relevant products and obtain market recognition. Investment proposal: the core of the human robotics industry chain, which maintains a “better than the big market” rating
In the recent past, the Topper Group, on the one hand, continued production of wire control, air suspensions, electrical poles, etc., and the X-y-z line control chassis system, on the other hand, the support company's electronic vehicle operations entered the release period; and, on the other hand, the company's recent launches targeted the pump valve research and development centre, the power drive department, the smart surface research.
We keep an eye on the performance certainty and growth brought about by the company’s expansion of products, client breakthroughs, and expansion of production capacity.
31.7/36.7/46.5 (formerly forecast 32.2/39.4/47.7 billion yuan) of the Tupou Group ' s net return profit, with reference to the author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.