The cost of the reduction is clear, and the opening of the new sea port duty-free city at Haiguchi is expected to result in a financial cost of 1.95 per cent/yoy+1.91 pct per annum on 31 August 2022, mainly due to the increase in net exchange losses on a year-on-year basis.
The epidemic affected the tourist environment as a whole, and duty-free resilience is evident. The epidemic has had a positive impact on tourism in Hainan.
20.1 per cent; total tourism revenues of 55.8 billion yuan/yoy-21.9 per cent were realized, but as the domestic epidemic improved in June, factors such as the publication of the Program of Action for the Promotion of Free Sales off the Island in 2022 by the Ministry of Commerce in Hainan Province were added, resulting in a rapid return of tax exemptions from Hainan Island, with China exempting itself from the same rate in June + 13 per cent.
Liu Wenzheng's data are a direct reflection of the resilience of duty-free consumption in Hainan Island, which is a resource advantage for tourist attractions (s01052111009).
It is clear that the temporary stagnation in tourism has only delayed rather than eliminated the effects on tourism retailing, and that the number of tourists in Hainan will recover steadily, and China’s performance will return to tax-exempt operations in Hainan Island, where it is expected that the q3 passenger industry will recover.
The tax-exempt operation in Sihanan Island has developed steadily, with the tax-exempt stores in Sanya receiving 1,5354 million yuan, which is s0105211001.
In Shanghai, 5454 million yuan was collected in Japan, and 246 million yuan was realized in return for the mother. Cdf members bought research assistants and other businesses collected 3,383 million yuan.
With the q3 outbreak dissipating and the warmth of visitors, traditional tourist seasons, such as Mid-Autumn and National Days, the potential for duty-free off-island operations is expected to recover further. The focus of 2022h1 has steadily advanced, and the opening of a new seaport is to be expected.
\triangleright, Hainan Channel has introduced more than 20 high-end brands such as De Beers, Silver Ribbon, and more than 20 high-end brands at the company level, as well as a combination of multiple priority brands to launch free and limited-free products; company h1
Created its own media communication matrix, creating a diverse system of live broadcasts; in the face of the impact of the epidemic, the company focused on improving the performance of the first quarter of 2009 - a steady growth in business, enriching online brands and enhancing the supply of best-selling goods.
The average sales of platform cdf members for Hainan Day increased almost twice as much as at the beginning of the year, and the total number of members of the General Conference system reported that there were still bright spots behind the performance, and that 2022 was well-developed.
More than 22 million have been built. The construction of the company’s new sea port, the tax-free city, is progressing steadily, and H2 new seaport’s aircraft – 2022/01/22 – are being opened or will address the company’s growing supply and demand mismatch, becoming a new driving force for the company’s development.
3. China ' s Central China Free (601888) Investment proposal: The current Chinese market is free from both competitive advantages and supply chain advantages and business patterns, and competition patterns in their respective races remain intact. The epidemic does not have a significant impact on profit logic.
4. China ' s mid-point (601888) assessment report: Hainan flows or continued upswings, and the value of the configurations is gradually gaining prominence
\triangleright \triangleright
1 China exempts business data from split performance pressure under 1.1, ensuring stability in the Māori rate, and China exempts China from the mid-2022 report. 2022H1 achieved business income of 27.651 billion yuan/yoy--
In the first half of the year, the company continued to reduce the cost of the control, and in the context of the spread of the q2 epidemic, 1.2 operations were steadily developing, looking forward to a return of future arrivals.
The tax-free operation in Hainan Island has been steadily developing. In 2022, the tax-free operation in Hainan Island was stable. Of this amount, the tax-free shop in Sanya achieved 15,354 million yuan, the net return to the mother amounted to $2,458 million; the tax-exempt division of the sea achieved 3,459 million yuan, and the net return to the mother amounted to $182 million.
In view of the repeated outbreaks in q2 in 2022, the potential for tax exemption in China and South Island has not yet been fully stimulated, with the q3 epidemic dissipating, the warmth of visitors, the mid-autumn and the national festivals.
As the traditional season of tourism approaches, duty-free off-island operations are expected to recover further. Table 2: China’s tax-free subsidiaries’ profit base (in billions of yuan)
The pattern of competition has not been undermined. The epidemic has not had a significant impact on profit logic, and the rise in passenger flows will be an effective boost to corporate performance. In 2022, h2 will fade with the impact of the epidemic, avoiding medium- and long-term values. We 1) risk macroeconomic volatility.
As a result, the growth of corporate sales earnings slows or even falls, and the profitability of companies may be affected repeatedly by (two) the epidemic. The current Hainan Ex-Island tax-exempt business is the company’s core performance growth point, and the epidemic repeatedly leads to a decline in South China’s earnings, which in turn affects the company’s profits.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.