Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center, Chinese Central Free (60188.sh) buy-in (first rating)
The company, the only tax-free owner with a full licence, jumped to the top of the world. The company, the only tax-free operator with full access, expanded its size in recent years through the acquisition of China and Shanghai, Japan, with a 30% compound increase in 17-19; and the rapid expansion of the sea off the island in 20-21.
Tax drag; 1h22 outbreak leads to a drop in the flow of visitors to the island and a drop in income/mother ' s net profit on a year-on-year basis. 22.2 per cent.26 per cent of the country ' s tax-exempt industry is more concentrated owing to the scarcity of license plates, with companies relying on a pre-existing advantage to add to their accurate grasp of policy dividends, with a city share of 86 per cent; and overseas, companies have recently been paid.
On 30 June, the company submitted an application for listing in Hong Kong, a plan to raise funds for the purpose of consolidating the expansion of internal and external channels and improving the efficiency of the supply chain.
(b) The airport has access to 16 of the Top20 airport and has been re-charted after the outbreak.
Gold, which secures profits while demonstrating a leadership bargaining power. 2) Operation: On the one hand, post-epidemiological deployment of online platforms and access to full-source membership systems to increase customer retention rates; on the other hand, companies have a strong advantage in terms of size/procurement/brand cooperation/logistics/stock management to promote consumer transformation and billing.
Short- and medium-term visitor flow recovery, with a long-term view of the return of consumption and pattern optimization. Entering into the country has liberalized the confluence of China's southward consumption policy, stimuli, and 22e is expected to earn a similar +3.5%; with the resumption of international flights in 23 years, the port is free of 97.1 billion yuan.
In the long run, we believe that it is primarily the policy that drives the increase in the size and operational strength of the duty-free off-islands, rather than the short-term dividend of the damage caused by the outbreak in and out of the country; the neutral assumption is that our tax-exempt market is expected to reach $123.3-2465 billion in 25 years, a 1.6-3.2-fold increase over the current situation.
The company’s ability to operate at the same time as precision card-flow highlands is growing, with a long-term share in the context of tax-exempt expansion, Lee Ying-Rae, where the internal and external epidemic has intensified or repeated, new projects are not operating as expected, industry competition has increased, and exchange rate fluctuations have increased.
At the end of the income spectrum: more than half of the first half of the year, repeated outbreaks, a weakening of the retail environment led to pressure on sales, and the tax-free city at the bottom of the sea began to contribute its revenue year after year. The airport tax-free and off-island sales improved significantly in 23 years as the domestic epidemic improved and the exits and exits recovered.
Māori ratio: 1h22 due to under-line passenger flow disruptions, company hairlines and higher discounts Cost end: 22 years of passenger flow, lower cost of company sales due to reduced variable rents at airports, streamlining of company development, financial situation in recent years and industry patterns: and free sales
From the point of view of the main influence factors, a detailed analysis of the company’s strengths in Hainan, the airport’s key channel layout, and in brand collaboration, procurement, inventory management, etc. In-depth analysis of the company’s short- and long-term performance boost factors, and exemption from the long-term consumption regression logic
In the short-to-medium term, along with a gradual improvement in the internal epidemic, increased demand for leave travel, a steady recovery in the flow of visitors to and from the island, and a return to tax-exempt projects from the island, the company’s “channels + operations + scale” is expected to boost its performance in the long term.
Consolidate into a solid moat, strengthen its strength in the global competitive landscape, and increase its share by fully exploiting demand dividends in the context of a return of consumption. In the highlands of Hainan, ports, and accurate intra-city card flows, and with growing operational strength, it adds up to the advantage of scale.
Consumer shopping conversion rates and customer manifests are increasing. Tax exemptions for short- and medium-term off-islands, recovery of duty-free entry/exit operations, and two landmark projects are expected to boost the company’s performance; competition over long-term consumer returns; increased or repeated domestic and foreign epidemics; new projects are not operating as expected; and liberalization of tax-free licensing policies has led to competition in the industry.
Increased competition, exchange rate fluctuations, etc..1 The country ' s only full-licensed tax-exempt operator, leaping to global peaks 1.1. The development journey: the eastwards of policy, and the future of the vanguard is becoming stronger
The company is the only full-licensed tax-free operator in the country, and over 40 years it has become the largest retail tourism operator in the world, accounting for 24.6 per cent of the global retail tourism market; the types of duty-free shops currently opened by the company cover ports, off-island, off-market, intra-market, ship, on-board and off-board supply and operate in a diverse manner.
The company now has over 1,200 collaborative brands, more than 316,000 sales products, and focuses on building a well-developed membership system to enhance consumer stickyness, with 22.8 million registered members now. Retrospectively, its business changes and sizes at different stages reflect a certain degree of growth.
With the change in tax-exempt-related policies, the company first gained a pre-emptive advantage on the basis of license plates, and then consolidated itself in a number of important mergers and acquisitions to consolidate high-quality tax-exempt resources in the market. Specifically, the start-up period (1984-2009) was born in response to China’s tax-exempt policy.
Founded in 1984, the General Tax Company was originally authorized by the State Council to operate tax-exempt operations in the country, with a major focus on wholesale and tax-free operations.
A period of steady growth (2010-2016): the advance of duty-free operations in the off-island duty-free market. With the launch of the 2010 Pilot Notice on the Implementation of the Hainan Passenger Tax-Free Shopping Policy by the Ministry of Finance, companies took the lead in opening our first off-island tax-free shop in Sanya the following year in response to policy changes; and in 2014
The tax-free city project in Sanya further increased its share of tax-exempt operations from the island. In 2010-2016, the company’s revenue rose from $9,608 million to $22,390 million, and year after year-on-year compound, for the second year in a row, the company acquired 51% of China’s share and 51% of Japan’s share in Shanghai.
At Beijing and Shanghai airports, granted eight years of tax-free concessions in the international zone of Capital International Airport (T2 and t3) and seven years of tax-free concessions at Pudong International Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport. In 2019, the company stripped travel agencies of their operations, with tax-free operations at its core, to upgrade the value chain and propose a world-wide one.
A global tourism retail operator strategy. In 2020, companies acquired 51 per cent of the Sea Free Company ' s shares, thereby increasing their share of the off-island duty-free market to 90 per cent by taking over the operation of Seaport Meran Airport, San Phoenix Airport, Seagate Day Square and Boone Free Shop.
To $47,977 million; the rapid development of off-island operations since 2020 has partly diluted the decline in airport duty-free operations, with company revenues increasing by 29 per cent to $67,680 million in 2021; and, according to the report, 1h22 is expected to fall by 22.17 per cent to $27,651 million in the same year due to the impact of the epidemic on duty-free passenger flows off the island.
As of 1q22, China’s tourism group held 53.3% of the shares, and the company’s equity structure was stable. The company had been working deep for years in the tax-exempt industry, and continued to acquire more power, with companies going to China in 2017, 2018, and 2020, respectively.
Tax-exempt products in Shanghai and Hainan Province are expanding. Moreover, in December 2021, in an effort to resolve competition with controlling shareholders, the company acquired China Travel Assets Management Company in Hong Kong, China, and further promoted high competitiveness, enhanced tax-exempt operations, and effectively consolidated the industry’s leadership position.
1.2. Finances: exemption from the island has increased, profit levels have remained robust Income end: online operations have grown strongly, exemption from the island has increased, tax exemptions have dominated, tax operations have grown strongly in the aftermath of the epidemic. Tax exemptions have dominated the pre-epidemiological period.
In 2017-19, tax-free operations increased from $14,862 million to $46,441 million, with a compound growth rate of 76.8 per cent per year, or more than 95 per cent. After the outbreak, companies actively explored a new retail model combining tax-exempt and tax-based sales, with taxed goods, mainly purchased by members of the cdf and sold online through direct mail, from $1,151 million in 19 years.
The percentage of duty-free operations is close to 70%. According to the sub-channels, the airport tax-free contribution was about 65% of the income before the outbreak, while the 21-year limit on the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers affected the airport tax-free income of only 1683 million yuan, down to 24.9%, benefiting from the liberalization of off-island shopping policies in 2021.
The tax-exempt income of $47,058 billion has risen to a combined rate of 52.6% in the last three years, up to 69.5%, which is the main driver of revenue growth in contributing companies. With the Government’s strategy for the Hainan Free Trade Port, it is expected that companies will continue to benefit from favourable tax-exempt policies in the future.
Profit-making: The cost-control effect is clear, the net interest rate is generally robust, and the tax business share is slowing overall Māori performance. Benefiting from the increased size of the company’s procurement, it led to an increase in bargaining power, and gradually dissipating the less profitable tourism business, with the company operating continuously in 2017-19.
The business Māori rate has risen to 51.1 per cent; the overall downward trend in Māori rates has been higher than in the aftermath of the epidemic; the overall downward trend in Māori rates is due to higher discounts and closure as a result of the epidemic. The Māori ratio of 1q22 companies has been growing rapidly, with an annual compound growth rate of 64.9 per cent, mainly due to an increase in airport duty-free operations.
As a result of the epidemic ' s impact on fixed and variable rents at airports, the cost of sales has declined from year to year. The cost of sales for 1q22 companies has decreased by 1.2 pct over the same period in 2021. The management costs have been more stable overall, with increases in the size of 1q22 and lower costs such as variable rents at airports after the outbreak.
The 1h22 net return to the mother was $3.938 billion, a 26.49 per cent decline in the year-on-year ratio, mainly due to outbreak control, and fluctuations in the flow of visitors to the island. Since 2018, the net return interest rate for the company has improved year-on-year, with a net return of 1h22 at 14.24 per cent.
1.3. The scarcity of licence plates raises the entry threshold, and policies to support the development of the industry The tax-free operation was launched in the 1980s and opened the Hainan off the island in 2010. The tax-free sector entered the fast track.
In 1989, the State Department transmitted to the State Revenue Service a circular on tax exemptions for clean-up and strict control of taxes. With the introduction of tax exemptions in 2010, duty-free industrial policy has become more liberal.
The tax-free license plate is very scarce, the company is the only full-size operator. The tax-free business in the country is national.
In order to qualify for tax-free operations, the family has been authorized to do so by the three departments of the Ministry of Finance, the General Directorate of State Taxes and the General Customs Administration, with a high threshold for entry into the industry. At present, China is exempt (including China, Japan, Japan, Shanghai), China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Hong Kong, China, China, Hong Kong, China and China.
Eight companies were granted tax-free status, of which the company is currently the only operator with full licence plates and a full range of tax-free projects under the flag, while Haifang and the Brigades are in the main off-island duty-free market, and in 2020, the Wang Dynasty, which took the tax-free licence, planned to enter in May of this year by acquiring the right to operate the Heinan Orteles project.
The licence plate has a preponderant advantage, with the free market taking the lead. Due to the high level of tax-free access, the industry is now highly concentrated, at 98.5%. And the only company in the country that currently operates duty-free businesses on a full-source basis, and in recent years has adopted a policy of precision.
• Figure 12: Our top five tax-exempt operators sold in 2021 (Billions of Figures 13: Our tax-exempt market pattern (%), competitiveness: precision cards occupy high-flow areas, and the synergies of scale are evident
By dismantling the tax-free sales, we find that the core competitiveness of duty-free retailers lies in the circle of advantages achieved by high-quality channel layout and operation, with the added-scale effect of upgrading power, while companies are on the one hand moving through the whole channel.
The Bureau maximizes its exposure to potential consumers, on the other hand, by strengthening its own cooperative brand with the number of sku, building online platforms to complement it, and constantly expanding its capacity to consolidate the advantages of scale, thereby gaining bargaining power in the areas of procurement, branding, rent bargaining, and so on.
The company’s core barriers are being reinforced to the cycle chain. Figure 14: Dismantling the impact of tax-free sales Tax-free sales = entering customers’ traffic x conversion rate x unit price
Potential passenger traffic x location brand presence, sku number Member credit system, price advantage
Airport throughput, passenger traffic to the island 2.1, full duty-free retail channels covered, and the company’s retail network consisted of tax-free shops, tax stores and tourism retail complexes.
A large number of duty-free shops, including port shops, off-island shops, inner-town stores, cruises, on-board shops and outer-wheel-supply shops, have 193 stores, including 184 on mainland China and nine offshore duty-free shops.
The airport and port ferry are the only two routes to Hainan, where passengers arriving by air are stable at more than 75% per year, companies are granted duty-free access to the two main airports of Merland and San Francisco, 21 years of Melanes.
The airport ' s second phase of the tax-free shop, which operates simultaneously at the T2 terminal, covers 9313 square metres and is now more fully covered by passenger flows into and out of the island.
The new port in Haiguchi is planned to build a new port in a new eco-city, and to build a new inter-sea passenger-cargo ferry, a high-speed passenger crossing, and a commercial tourism finance package. The new port is expected to become a new traffic hub with a larger passenger flow in the future.
With its excellent geographical location on the west coast and in close proximity to the new seaport, Seagate International is expected to become another tourist retail centre in the south. Taken together, companies now cover more than 90% of the flow of visitors to and from the island, and with the construction of the new seaport, potential passenger traffic is expected to increase further in the future.
The tri-Asian Sea Bay, located in Sanya International Free City, is designated as a “national coast” with important functions such as an internationalized one-stop tourist destination, an international tourism consumption centre based in the South China Sea; at the same time, the Bay has Atlantis, Madison, and other important functions.
With the influence of the policy support super-high-end hotel cluster, the trend is more pronounced. The tax-free city of Sanya International, under the company’s flag, sits in the Bay of Sea.
The city centre of Haiguchi, transport facilities, and the new seaport, the Melanes Airport at Haiguchi, together form a closed traffic ring.
Figure 19: Hainan International Free Trade Operations Business Combinations Building a retail tourism complex that combines duty-free, tax-retailed, catering, etc., to provide a one-stop shopping experience.
The industry operates an area of 120,000 square metres, consisting mainly of five functional areas of global goods, Hainan local goods, outdoor sports, food and customer services, and currently operates 642 retail brands covering 30 tax-free categories, including cosmetics, clothing, alcohol, water, jewellery, household appliances, etc.
The Sanya Free City became operational in the second phase, covering an area of 65,000 square metres, located on the island and connected to the first round of landscape bridges; the second, which consisted of four areas, namely, the Miracle Life Hall, the International Creative House, the International Carnival and the International Food Fair, operated a total of 66 retail brand shops, 20 of which were owned by the South China Shop.
The tax-free city of Sanya has seen a rapid growth in the off-island duty-free market, with the number of purchases rising from year to year. In 2016-2021, the tax-free city achieved a compound increase of 49.22%, which was largely in line with the increase in the size of the off-island duty-free tourism market, reflecting the fact that the tax-free city of San Asia has become tax-free for Hainan, given its advantages in size.
In 2020/21, the size of income increased by 103.7% and 63.3% respectively, and the growth rate is expected to benefit from the further liberalization of the tax-exempt purchase policy and the impact of the return of the epidemic’s consumption. In terms of pre-epidemiological admissions and the number of real purchases, the rate of shopping in Sanya Free City has been rising year by year.
Given the policy-driven convergence of the company ' s own brand matrix and the gradual improvement of services such as membership, it is expected that the shopping conversion rate will continue the previous trend.
The airport duty-free operation is important in terms of the duty-free status of the airport, and companies have an absolute lead in terms of both the number of people they are in the airport and the number of passengers they cover. With the introduction of Shanghai, Japan, and China in 2017-18, companies are well placed in the airport duty-free scale, with 58 airport duty-free shops.
Of these, 16 of the top 20 pre-epidemiological passenger traffic airports have been granted concessions to fully hold international high-quality consumer groups, covering more than 70% of international flights. Prior to the outbreak, they benefited from tax-free access to the two major international passenger-flow airports in Beijing’s capital, Shanghai Pudong.
Right, in 2019, the company ' s airport tax-exempt revenue amounted to $31.08 billion, or 64.6 per cent of the total revenue, including 675,000 international passengers and 82 million international passengers at Guangzhou and Shanghai Pudong Airport, respectively, down by about 80 per cent from the same year, and a sharp drop in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, which led to a fall in the company ' s 21-year tax-exempt revenue from the airport.
16,883 million yuan, representing about 25 per cent of the total revenue, was tax-exempted through the airport from sales on the daily mail line, thereby partially diluting the impact of low passenger flow.
In the wake of the crisis, the flow of international passengers has been severely damaged, reaching only about 2% per month in 2019, and the company’s airport duty-free operations are under severe pressure.
The company is actively negotiating rent adjustments at key airports, linking the amount of the deposit to the actual flow when international passenger flows fall below the corresponding target. Rent renegotiation partially compensates for the airport’s tax-exempt business losses, on the one hand, and reflects the company’s still strong bargaining power as a tax-free leader, with a new 2020-1q22 epidemic.
Rent deductions of 0.87/3135.281 million each, and lower rental costs of companies as a proportion of sales are calculated by Shanghai airport: in the past, Shanghai and Shanghai airport rental agreements were calculated as higher on the basis of base and actual sales. As a result of the epidemic, international passenger flows were drastically reduced, and companies and flights were heavy at the beginning of the 21st century.
New agreement to supplement the contract for the transfer of business rights for duty-free shop projects, modified by the classification of rents as actual monthly inter-country flows, capped by the previous base rent, and increased monthly actual sales = person if the number of international passenger flows was less than 80 per cent of the international flow in 2019 (or 2.56 million)
Both contribute x-month actual international passenger flow adjustment factor x area adjustment factor; if the monthly international passenger flow is greater than or equal to 2,567,000, the rent is raised on the basis of the current year’s base sales/12 months, while the actual annual bottom sales are raised, considering that 22 years from now the tax-free space of the Satellite Office is expected to be operational
In accordance with the new rules of calculation, the corresponding tax-exempt shop rental expenditure at Shanghai Airport was $1,156 million in 2020.
That month's international passenger flow = 2,567,000, that month's international passenger flow > 2,567,000.
Actual sales per month = per capita contribution x actual passenger flow x passenger flow adjustment factor x area adjustment factor • if actual international passenger flow x in the current year is greater than the corresponding year in the following table
Per capita contribution = $135.28, referring to the per capita contribution level in 2019 The lowest inter-flow value is taken from the corresponding annual bottom-up sales Inflow adjustment factor: actual international passenger flows by month as in 2019
If the actual international passenger flow of that year was less than or equal to the actual international passenger flow of the current year in the following table, the ratio ranged from less than 30 per cent to more than 120 per cent of the corresponding minimum inter-passitation value, then take the x inter-area counterpart.
The area adjustment factor is: the amount of annual base sales of the duty-free space is raised by the actual area of operation.
The ratio of area from less than 10 per cent to more than 70 per cent corresponds to different coefficients of decrease from high to low, the actual area of operation is 0-hour, and the annual base sales are raised = the corresponding annual base.
The reconciliation factor is also zero. We measure rent delivery in Shanghai, Japan, based on two new and old rental calculations.
(b) Under the new agreement, the annual rent = \sigma when the flow recovery is less than 19 years % of the credit due, when the rate of rent due for sales is higher than the guaranteed rent when the 23-year passenger flow is restored to over 120 per cent of the 19 years.
135.28 x month actual passenger flow x passenger flow adjustment factor x area adjustment factor, based on a 20-year return to less than 30% of the corresponding rental expenditure of 1,156 million yuan, and we expect the adjustment factor to be lower in [0.9,2.1] and the higher the relative response to the passenger flow.
According to our calculations, the new agreement has cost savings for the corporate rent as a whole, and the original agreement has been adjusted to a maximum rent collection limit, but the rent relief has followed the passenger flow recovery process.
Guangzhou White Cloud Airport: Additional agreement signed on 22 June 2022 between the subsidiary of the company and Guangzhou White Cloud Airport to cooperate in the operation of the exit tax-free project, adjusting the calculation of the cost of the transfer of business rights for the period 2020-22, including 1) monthly passenger flow ratio of the pre-existing agreement ' s monthly base sales
(b) Implementation of the incremental provisions of the original agreement at the time of the previous year’s international passenger flow of 2019 = 0.8;
The calculation is based on the two old and new forms of rent payment. This is: 1) the company under the original agreement paid the transfer fee on the basis of the monthly base (per cent of monthly base sales x) and the higher amount of actual monthly sales (per cent of sales x) and
Based on the release of t1 arrival/t2 arrival/t2 departure month in 2018, we are expected to pay the base rent when the flow recovers < = 60%; then we assume the area adjustment factor = 1, based on actual sales year by year, under the new agreement.
In the case of annual international passenger traffic, there is no need to implement an incremental clause based on the base of the previous year; when the passenger flow is restored > = 80%, the transfer cost of the operation under the new agreement is consistent with the original agreement. According to our calculations, under the new agreement, the rent reduction is greater when the passenger flow is less restored.
Large, but old and new rental costs are consistent when the flow recovers by more than 80% in 2019. 2.2, digital aids on the platform layout, working together to optimize the membership system, accelerating the digital deployment of the epidemic, and providing a full range of retail tourism services to clients.
Customer demand, the company's online platform “cdf members buy” has been launched since February 2020, and customers visiting Hainan can buy online within 180 days. In addition, the company provides on-line pre-booking of goods for customers when they return from their travel to duty-free delivery points online.
Twelve shops provided booking services that maximized client convenience while generating good revenue, with company pre-purchase revenue of $8.7 billion in 2021, an increase of 64.2 per cent over the same period.
On the other hand, sales data from online feedback helped companies complete accurate procurement, pricing and marketing, providing a full range of pre-, mid- and post-curve travel for potential clients, optimizing membership and improving client experience and retention rates.
Brand image, consolidation of customer service capabilities, company deployment of centralized crm, effective insight and analysis of consumer preferences, and establishment of an integrated membership system based on membership points, with clients able to redistribute membership credits for full-scale retail distribution networks, significantly increasing customer loyalty and buy-back rates, based on corporate hiring of shares
Books, 99.5% of the customers who bought duty-free goods at the Middle and Free Shops are willing to visit again. The combined growth rate of company membership reached 270% over the period 2018-21, reaching 21.9 million members as of 1q22, and online has become an important channel for attracting consumer registered members.
The system of benefits for members is constantly improving, helping new members to join the process of repurchase with older members. 2.3. In cooperation with suppliers, stock management is stable, the collection model guarantees stability of supply and reduces the cost of procurement.
On the one hand, through the collection, the Division builds a stable supply relationship and a strong brand image to attract clients to buy back over the long term. By 2022, q1, companies had more than 430 suppliers, with the top five suppliers operating for 3 to 23 years.
By contrast, the total procurement of the top five vendors in the first five years of 2021 was over 60 per cent, and the first largest supplier was 28.6 per cent. On the other hand, an increase in the size of the procurement would effectively enhance the bargaining power of the company, reduce the cost of procurement and further increase the profit margin of the company.
Long-term collaboration with brands and a rich product structure. By 1q22, companies had established long-term stable cooperation with more than 1,200 world-renowned brands, including 145 fragrance brands, 253 fashion and accessories, 540 tobacco and alcohol brands and 270 food and other brands, leading the rest of the in-house branding resources.
Domestic tax-free operators. More than 316,000 skus are sold by companies, and the fragrance covers several front-line international brands, including dior, estelauder, Lancome, and the Academy, while fashion and accessories cover some of the world’s top brands, including Cartier, Hermes, and Prada.
The company has set up China’s only free logistics delivery system covering the entire country. It has built seven logistics centres covering the entire country in Dalian, Shanghai, Qingjia, Shenzhen, Beijing, Sanya, and Hong Kong.
A rigorous classification system and distribution standards for alcohol and other high-end products, a company-operated and intelligent logistics centre in 2018-21, will be gradually operational this year, and a second phase will be completed in September. The Hainan International Logistics Centre project will become the whole island of Hainan.
The digital warehouse management system contributes to retail operations, while stock levels remain stable. The company's digital warehouse management system allows for close monitoring of the movement of goods in the supply chain and intelligent planning of the best logistics.
The route, which constantly reduces the time taken to transport goods to retail stores and from warehouses to airports, improves transport efficiency; on the other hand, end-to-end sales information after the sale of goods at the store is integrated into the warehouse management system, and real-time recording of sales data helps to provide timely insight into consumer preferences and improves customer shopping experiences.
In addition, the company has developed automated inventory monitoring and replenishment systems to monitor commodity stock levels and automatically generate alerts when stock levels are expected to run out. This enables the company to monitor the stock levels in real time and centralize inventory management, conduct monthly central stock analysis, and replenish stocks in a timely manner to keep them alive.
Foreign competitor dufry, with a stronger inventory management capacity that allows companies to maintain a recovery in the short- and medium-term visitor flow while expanding their operations, with a long-term view of the return of consumption and tax-exempt pattern optimized 3.1. Short-term: Hainan visitors return to warmth, leaving the island duty-free rebound.
On June 20, Hainan issued a circular on the improvement of measures to control the outbreak of the return of Joan personnel, which no longer requires negative nucleic acid certification for non-infective areas, and which has been adjusted to the 48h nucleic acid certificate for affected areas.
In addition, on June 29, the Ministry of Industry and Communications sent a letter to remove the "star" of the trip card, signalling that the advance of the accurate control of the epidemic has been accelerated in the direction of the "one wheel" and that the number of online tourism platform hotels and airline tickets searched has increased rapidly since the news was released, while Shanghai Pundong is flying.
The San Phoenix Airport flight has been rapidly upgraded to five and more flights per day, with 1,000 seats on board. As tourists from Shanghai and Beijing have gone to the island as the main force, the flow of passengers and shopping scenes in Hainan have been relaxed.
By contrast, the number of Sanya flights, which are the main destinations for recreational tourism, has consistently increased, reflecting the heat of summer tourism.
In July, the number of flights increased further than in June. Figure 42: Real flights at San Phoenix Airport and the speed of the same ring (flights, per cent) were the main driving force behind the policy of increasing tourism retailing through multiple rounds of consumer vouchers.
The main engine of economic growth in the south, which has been subject to repeated outbreaks throughout the country since March, has been under pressure for consumption in Hainan, which has stimulated consumption recovery through the distribution of multiple consumption vouchers, the organization of the first Hainan International Free Trade Festival, and the launching of a thematic event to introduce visitors to the island.
The Office of Human Resources Management issued the Action Plan for the Promotion of Free Off-island Sales in 2022, which explicitly states (1) will accelerate the introduction of known brands; (2) introduce high demand and competitively priced goods in the 45 major categories according to consumer demand, and increase commodity abundance; (3) expand new retail outlets, large-scale sales, webcast sales, etc.
Policy drivers, on the one hand, are expected to contribute to the rapid recovery of passenger flows and, on the other hand, to accelerate, under a virtuous guidance, the high-quality integration of “travel + duty-free” in order to enhance the competitiveness of offshore operations.
In 2011-19, I was able to maintain a steady pace; the outbreak was held hostage to a steep drop in the flow of people entering and leaving the country, which reached only 1.48 million international passengers in 2021, or around 2% in 1919. In view of the current recovery in international shipping, there is much momentum.
In May 22, international flights from North America and Europe resumed to close to the level of 80 per cent in 19 years, and we are lagging behind the resumption of international flights from other countries, but with the spread of vaccinations, our immigration control is expected to be gradually liberalized in 2023, and the company, with its free access to the largest international airport in the country, is expected to enjoy it fully.
Figure 44: The annual growth in passenger traffic by international route was robust, 2011-19 Figure 45: The flow of passengers by our international route recovered only to 19 years after the outbreak Figure 46: The global recovery in international routes since 2022 (%)
The tax exemption from the island is further extended, and the success of the Sanya International Free City is expected to continue to be replicated. The current company’s 84,000 square metres has been raised to 806,000 square metres per year, with a complex increase of 76%, when the combined operating area of the company’s commercial fleet will be more than 90% of the tax exemption from the island.
The month came into operation with a total investment of $5 billion. As another landmark project, the Seagate International Free City, located on the west coast of the sea port, occupied 675 acres of land and a total of 930,000 square metres of construction, covering tax-free/tax-free businesses, high-end offices, high-end hotels, talent communities, etc.
At the same time, the world’s largest whiskey museum, the world’s first book-making retailing and collection auctions, etc., will be in Seaport International tax-free city, creating a business experience that combines distinctive features with a rich sense of body and body. More than 500 brands have now confirmed their presence in Seaport International tax-free city.
Long-term profitability, taking into account their superior geographical position. (2) Sanya International Free City No. 2: the company plans to invest $3.7 billion in construction, a project that, on the one hand, will be based on the advantage of the size of the tax-free city through the expansion of the tax-free area, the introduction of high-end brands and the enrichment of the city.
The wealth category; on the other hand, there are plans to integrate into the high-end hotel cluster and to create a new business combination of “business plus hotels” that will further consolidate the synergies of the San Asia Free City Phase I and Phase II and accelerate the flow of high-quality customers. 3.3. Long-term: consumption reflux trends continue, and tax exemption patterns are expected to optimize.
The return of luxury goods to the epidemic is close to $300 billion, and the tax-free contribution from the island has increased. Before the epidemic, our luxury goods market grew robustly, with 731.3 billion yuan sold in 2019, 73% of which went abroad.
In the wake of the epidemic, the share of luxury goods sold in the country has returned rapidly, rising to 70 per cent in 2020; the share of luxury goods consumed in 2021 was around $50.1 billion, with the share expected to rise further.
To 94%. If estimated at around 35% in the country, the return of luxury goods in the 21st year of the epidemic is close to $300 billion, with a rapid expansion to $46.1 billion in the next two years of tax exemption from the island, a compound acceleration, a significant return to the domestic tax market, and a sharp increase in revenues from high-end shopping centres.
In terms of scale and speed, we believe that about 12 per cent of the increase in the return of luxury goods has gone off the island, tax-free, while the revenue of our Top10 shopping centre has been rising at about 40 per cent in 21 years, with most luxury goods still flowing back to our tax retail market; in addition, the tax-free income of tourists outside Korea is equivalent.
There has been no reversal of the decline in passenger flows, reflecting the continued contribution of overseas sub-purchases. It is a sub-purchaser whose clients are mainly from within China.
According to the Hainan Province Tourist Board, monthly passenger flows to the island have fallen slightly due to the effects of the epidemic, with an average monthly passenger flow of 6.75 million in 2021, a 3% gap compared to 2019; however, the number of duty-free purchases off the island has increased significantly, and the corresponding rate of shopping conversion has increased from 4.5% to nearly 10%.
The increase in the price from $357 to $747 (+113 per cent) and the increase in the number of monthly per capita pieces from 4.8 to 11 (+129 per cent) reflects the expansion of duty-free consumption since 2020 and the increase in size and class of goods to provide more options for travellers, thus effectively promoting consumption conversion and billing.
Figure 53: Monthly passenger flow to the island after the outbreak has not increased significantly (in thousands) Figure 54: Monthly rate of conversion of duty-free shopping off the island has increased significantly (in thousands of figures 56: number of duty-free per capita consumption units in Hainan off the island)
At the same time, the policy of untying has given a strong impetus to the development of duty-free off-islands. In 2020, the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, published by the Party Central and the State Department, adjusted the scope of the exemption from duty on off-islands to include: 1) the increase in the exemption from $30,000 to $100,000 per person per year; 2) the exemption from duty-free goods on off-islands.
The number of items increased from 38 containing cosmetics, bags, watches, etc., to 45 containing high unit prices such as tablet computers, mobile phones, video games, etc.; 3) out-of-island passengers can use purchase vouchers at airports, railway stations, ports, etc.
(iv) Operators qualified for duty-free distribution can participate equally in duty-free operations off Hainan Island, and good competition helps to ensure price reasonableness, thus suggesting that income from the fashion items and accessories categories has increased significantly since the policy was published, until 2021.
The restructuring has enabled consumers to fully dig up their willingness to purchase high-value items (e.g., watches and jewellery, electronics) and has effectively promoted structural upgrading and re-engineering of price advantages in the category of goods, accelerating the growth of duty-free retail competitiveness off the island.
Figure 57: Number of brands covered by the company ' s core product categories (one) Overall, while the return trend in luxury-related consumption after the outbreak is significant, only 12% of them flow to the off-island duty-free market and, in combination with a slight decline in the flow of passengers to the island after the outbreak, we assume that if the future
There is no significant contraction in the off-island duty-free market as the exit and exit of the country becomes smooth. And the unwinding of the policy actively contributes to the rapid development of duty-free exits from the island, and the price advantage of the enhanced brand +sku and the increased size of the market is favourable to the shift in consumption and the upswing of the unit price, adding the current global share of the company to the top, and to the global competitive power of the company.
In summary, we believe that the return of consumption is not a short-term boom in the context of the erosion of the epidemic’s entry and exit, but rather a logical demonstration of the policy’s drive to add to our rising power of duty-free retailing. The neutral assumption is that our tax-free market will be able to reach $123.3-2465 billion in 2025.
We believe that the size of our luxury consumption in 2023 is expected to rise back to 2019 (US$ 731.3 billion), and that (3) our tax-free industry has increased its share of domestic luxury consumption to 20-30 per cent in the context of the return to and expansion of the island, and that it is about 60 per cent in the case of modern luxury goods.
On 30 June 2022, the company issued a report on the re-transfer of foreign foreign investment to Hong Kong.
The company resubmitted to Hong Kong ' s ipo process after the company ' s suspension of listing in December 21.21 The company plans to use this collection for the further expansion of tax-exempt operations and supply chains and other services.
There are tax tourism retail projects; 6 offshore municipal duty-free shops, 11 home city duty-free stores and 6 cruise duty-free stores; expansion of Seagate International and Sanya International tax-free cities; 2) selective acquisition of 2-3 overseas tourism retail operators, improvement of supply chain efficiency, upgrading of information technology systems and improvement of membership systems.)
In addition, recently, the Cambodian Customs and Excise Department has authorized companies’ subsidiaries in Cambodia to sell duty-free goods, Cambodia, and Cambodia.
Nationals can accumulate up to $10,000 a year and have a unit price of no less than $50. They can sell goods, including clothing bags, perfumed jewellery, etc. This marks the official pilot of the Cambodian shopping policy, which has been further strengthened by the company’s leadership in the industry as it expands its overseas operations.
Figure 60: Company-h stock listing for fund-raising planning Income at the end: Re-infection in the first half of the year, weakening of the retail environment leading to pressure on sales, and annual revenue contribution from the International Tax-Free City at the bottom of the sea. 23 years, with the internal epidemic improving, exits and exits are coming back.
In addition, duty-free and off-island sales at airports have improved significantly. For 22-24, Māori rates are projected: 1h22 as a result of off-line passenger flows, company power lines and higher discounts, respectively. Cost-side: 22 years of exposure to passenger flows, lower variable rents at airports, resulting in lower cost of company sales.
The company, as a leader in duty-free operations, is located in the highlands of Hainan, the ports, and the city’s precision-card flow, and operates with a growing strength, with consumer shopping conversion rates and billing rising in the short and medium term. Tax exemption from the island, successive recovery of duty-free operations from the point of entry and exit, and the landing of two pole projects, are expected to boost the company’s performance in the long term;
The growing competitive advantage of companies in the context of high consumption returns has helped to drive a further increase in market shares. The domestic and foreign epidemic has intensified or repeated: the company’s off-island duty-free operation is linked to the domestic epidemic, while the airport duty-free recovery has largely benefited from the global epidemic’s upturn.
The new project is not operating as expected: the company's two main poles, Seagate International, and Seagate Bay Phase 2, will be operating in late 22 and 23 years, respectively, if the new project is operating less than expected.
The liberalization of tax-free license plates has led to increased competition in the industry: the company is currently the only full-size tax-free operator with a market share of more than 85%, which, if liberalized, could lead to further intensification of competition in the industry. Exchange-rate fluctuations: the company’s main sales revenue is RMB, but the purchase payments are predominantly US$ or HK$.
If the significant devaluation of the renminbi leads to a rapid increase in the cost of company procurement and poor end-to-end transmission, it may result in a decline in the company’s Māori ratio.