The new flagship project is in the process of being opened, with the long-term value of investment being exempted from further discussion, social services — tourism and landscapes — global tax exemption: tax and consumption trade-offs, international competition for scale. We believe that tax exemption is domestic in nature.
Tax-free policy direction is relatively certain between balancing domestic tax developments and attracting international consumption returns. Under upstream and downstream games, domestic and foreign tax-exempt traders ultimately have a large advantage at the core, driving the industry toward a monopoly of size.
In China, s098051104003: Policy support, subjective orientation, rises to the top of the world. After nearly 40 years of company development, early years, despite the advantages of a strong background and license plate, were not run by the country’s core entry/exit points, and the network was small.
zhanglu5@guosen.com.cn is really growing faster, while the expansion of the integration day of 2017 and the outbreak of disease + Hainan policy of 2020 has accelerated even further.
Heanan Vision: Recovering in the second half of the year, new projects are growing. 2021vs2019, Heanan ' s tax-free access to the islands before 80% of the outbreak increased significantly by 267%, mainly due to policy gains and tax-free traders ' ability to cash out. In the second half of the year, Heanan ' s combined flow, albeit sporadically volatile, was launched.
In the next 1-2 years, the new seaport project is expected to open at 930, and the middle line is expected to be on the beach. The third issue, No. 2, is expected to be launched in mid-year, and will continue to grow. Looking forward to 2025, the south seal will be the latest.
China’s revenue is expected to rise to $130–170 billion, and China’s performance is expected to rise to $20 billion. Competition at home and abroad is expected to grow: self-inflicted, policy is achievable, and funding for Hong Kong is new.
The market is closed, brand attitudes are beginning to divide, and innovation in business expansion is on the rise to enhance its bargaining position in the international brand distribution system. Future funding to Hong Kong is expected to accelerate the expansion of the company’s supply chain layout and overseas channels.
On balance, the company is now the world's top tax-free source, and the future channel is positive.
China’s mid- and long-term prospects are high. China’s Sino-China (60188.sh)-White Cloud Airport Supplement Agreement is in place, and China’s Sino-China (60188.sh) second half of the year, China’s Sino-Change (60188.sh)-the impact of the epidemic is on the ups and downs of scale and channels.
China's China Central Revenue Center (60188.sh) has recovered significantly in January-February, and the company has been active. China's Central China Free-601888-Performance Rapid Review: In the second half of the year, Hainan operated under pressure, and the market's first awareness of tax exemption often came from license plates, as did the first understanding of exemption.
The biggest fear of exclusion comes from competition, whether Hainan or international. But, while licensing is a necessary condition for many duty-free Asia-Pacific firms, to date, in the context of dozens of previous topics, global duty-free industrial barriers have moved from license-based barriers to scale barriers.
In fact, when we go back to the history of development, before we go to the market, we seem to have the only national tax-free license plate, but because the hub airport and the core marginal crossing points are not operated by them, their network is small, it is harder to get the support of the brander, and the start is not clearly better than that of the other tax-free operators in the country.
There's the airport afloat business (the first to be a port of wine and cigarettes). It's only when we're on the market, with the tax-free policy off the island in 2011, that the public administration actually started a new round of development, and only the integration day in 2017, which accelerated. In 2017-2019, the company's domestic tax-exempt leader was the first to have a clear position, but in international competition, international leaders like Korea have been under pressure to compete.
In short, without a license plate and policy support, there will certainly be no way out of today’s world; without the firm’s own subjective efforts, it will be difficult to achieve today’s scale.
To look at progress, and to dig the dividends of tax-free consumption by the underdogs, it is the direction of sustained efforts. What needs to be explained is that the change in bargaining positions in the international supply chain is not a one-time event, that Europe and America have a stable distribution system for many years, and that it will not be easy to be completely shaken, and that domestic tax-exempters will need to pool their support and be actively subjective.
In the post-epidemiological era, the supply chain, the expansion of channels, business innovation, and the flow of customers are constantly cultivated and optimized. It is the public that digs around the full range of duty-free consumer demand and upgrades the full range of capabilities of the supply chain.
Of course, all of this is in the process of continuing, requiring companies to continue their subjective quest and market investors to keep track of it. Global tax exemption: tax and consumption trade-offs, international competition for scale.
Tax exemption by nature: limited domestic tax concessions for international consumption of cake, duty-free shopping, which refers to exemption from customs duties, consumer duties and value-added tax on imports of goods (e.g., the following table), purchases at specific locations (e.g. border crossings, duty-free shops in specific licensed markets and international aviation, etc.).
It is important to note that domestic tax exemptions are subject to a franchise charge based on sales, ranging from 4% to 1% for each island/departure, but they are still significantly more favourable than for import duty three. Intra-nuclear analysis of the evolution of global tax exemptions: the core of tax exemptions lies in a country’s government’s limited taxation of specific mobile population groups.
The tax exemption originated in Europe, and the policy was to avoid double taxation between the two countries on people entering and leaving the country, and to attract the above-mentioned flow (a foreign guest) to buy and consume at home with certain tax concessions.
Since then, Asian countries, particularly in East Asia, have further promoted tax-free industries by introducing tax-exempt policy innovations, including off-island tax-free policies, and duty-free duty-free intra-city policies, in order to further attract their residents to consumption back-to-back and in-bound passenger consumption.
In aggregate, countries’ core objective in developing duty-free industries is to make tax concessions under certain conditions to increase their attractiveness to cross-border consumer competition. At the same time, in some regions, tax-free industries have rapidly developed into more powerful products.
After the effect of the chain size (e.g., Korea), the country’s or the region’s consumption will also be further enhanced in terms of its international competition for gravity, thereby promoting various types of tourism consumption and thereby stimulating the development of other upstream industrial chains. Subregionally, the Euro-American duty-free market is tax-free, with many of its players entering tourism for historical reasons.
Retail trade, which has since become more powerful and has become a barrier of scale (pre-optimal + M & As is at the heart of the process); while Asia-Pacific tax exemptions are more clearly targeted, tax-exempt policies are more prominent, policy innovations tend to be government-led, and therefore tax-exempt operators are more or less supported by stronger government backgrounds or political interests.
But the license plate itself is only a sine qua non for entry into the above-mentioned regional industry, and whether or not it is at the heart of the year's revelation: the license plate, its immutable size, the tax-exempt industry theme: from the industrial chain downstream, re-programming and scale, etc.
Policy Chaos: A global perspective on the uncertainty and certainty of tax-exempt policies is based on the understanding that tax-free policies need to be understood first and foremost in terms of understanding the policy nature of the tax-free industry, but not in isolation, but in terms of the balance of multiple games. Governments want a balance between taxation and consumption, one that can be made with the domestic context.
There are tax markets that are fragmented and that do not undermine the very foundations of the domestic tax system; and, secondly, the effects of a better return to consumption: a third is to drive tourism or economic development in parts of a given region. So tax exemptions often require appropriate limits for specific groups of people in a given location, and as a means of moderate regulation.
The Republic of Korea, for example, has fully exploited its potential for duty-free consumption within its own population (departed or off-island residents) through the creation of the first duty-free market in the city of departure and tax-free off-island, thereby creating a good tax-free shopping environment, stimulating the rise of its tax-free operators, gaining international purchasing advantage, attracting duty-free consumption from tourists abroad, and helping them.
After two years of repeated epidemics, the Korean government will remove its nationals from duty-free duty-free status in Korea as of 1 March 2022.
At the beginning of the month, it was reported that the Korean government had announced that it would introduce a new deal for the online purchase of duty-free goods in Korea by overseas residents without having to travel to or from the Republic of Korea, an initiative that was expected to be implemented within the earliest three months. At this point, the above-mentioned initiative has given rise to controversy and concerns about limiting the number of purchases and products (perhaps only Korean products are allowed), not South Korea.
But while the country’s tax-exempt policy has changed, which has guided its residents’ domestic consumption, and the direction of attracting inbound tourists’ consumption in the country has remained constant, the epidemic itself has been under increasing pressure for two to three years. On balance, while tax-exempt policies have not been entirely untraceable, domestic and foreign games have been won.
The market can pursue relative certainty between tax growth and the attraction of consumer returns. Tax-exempt operators: monopoly and competition thinking, downstream and downstream game size for eternity. Tax-exempt operators with both a priori (Europe and America, etc.) and partly a licensing advantage (most Asia and the Pacific tax-exempt operations).
But international competition persists at a reasonable price for its end-consumer. Upstream: brands are relatively concentrated, with an independent tax/tax-free distribution system that values the rules, channels, and cooperative relationships of duty-free operators.
It is clear (as shown below, the number of top7 luxury groups in the global consumption of personal luxury goods is increasing, nearly one-third, and has evolved over the years into a stable distribution system, with tax sales and tourism retail (tax-free) management lines and a relatively independent operating system, especially for Euro-American brands.
Tax-exempt operations typically involve direct or exclusive dealings with Asia-Pacific exclusive agents, and are subject to stock pressure and different tax-based business models. Therefore, the size, channels, and multi-year partnerships of tax-exempt operators have a direct impact on their bargaining power.
From the point of view of operators, tax exemptions include, inter alia, airports, within-city, border crossings, airports, etc., which make up half of the country, but duty-free operations in Asia and the Pacific are growing rapidly (through policy innovations such as duty-free off-island and duty-free duty-free cities).
A strong bargaining power for tax-exempt operators, underpinned by advantages and growing passenger flows, coupled with tax-exempt revenues that are critical to the non-air revenue and overall profitability of the hub airport, often in the form of tenders, with ports such as airports taking a dominant position, subservienting tax-exempt operators and eventually leading to airport deposits and upgrades.
Rents tend to be higher, forcing tax-exempt operators to buy larger and more efficient operations. From the perspective of downstream terminal consumers, individual consumers focus on price advantages, sku enrichment and new speeds in new products, etc., in the shopping process; and shopping experiences, etc., which also require tax exemptions.
The commercial terminal price remains competitive and requires good cooperation with different brands of multi-goods, continuous improvement and enrichment of the skus, as well as advantages to the size of tax-free operators and branders. Taken together, tax-free operators negotiate with the pipeline airport terminal, or with brand suppliers, or
In the process of winning global prices for downstream terminal consumers, size advantage has gradually become the most central factor in the growth of duty-free operators, thus driving the global tax-free industry into a big monopoly of scale. Euro-American tax-free taps have largely relied on mergers and expansions, as in the case of dufry; the Asia-Pacific tax-free flagship has initially been backed by license plates, but the largest.
In the light of previous reports, the topic of the tax-exempt industry - downstream from the industrial chain, reprogramming and size is analysed, whether under competitive market conditions, large-scale monopolization through M & As, or moderate competition under licence advantages.
Moving towards monopolization, and even from the Korean case, it can be seen that, in the event of a partial break-up of the license plate, if the new participants are not supported by a sufficiently large class of advantages, the middle will experience stages such as competition for their malignant prices, but eventually it will be more difficult to counterbalance the price and class of preferences of the original size and to face abuses in the course of the expansion of competition.
Simply put, the world’s tax-exempt industry has developed over the years, leading to a gradual shift in premium premiums, and the re-establishment of barriers to industry under international competition.
Characteristics of exemption: high value for money, semi-required goods, less-than-full definition of luxury goods: the definition of luxury goods includes both broad and narrow levels. Broadly speaking, luxury goods include luxury cars, personal luxury goods, luxury hotels, high-quality wines, high-end foods,
High-end furniture and household goods, works of art, private aircraft yachts, and luxury cruises, for nine categories, each with its price-fixing requirements, with a total projected size of €114 trillion in 2021.
The categories of clothing, wristwatch, shoes, jewellery, etc., are the second-highest category of luxury goods in the broad sense (after luxury cars).
Classes (candies), electronics, etc., are the main ones. The higher the tax rate, the higher the price advantage and the more competitive the duty-free product is usually in a tax environment. Thus, perfume and tobacco typically constitute the most important category of duty-free operators, with a global share of more than two thirds.
On the other hand, tax exemptions and luxury products are cross-cutting, but not identical. 1 tax exemptions include tobacco and alcohol, while individual luxury items do not contain alcohol and tobacco; 2 tax exemptions and price-fixing restrictions differ somewhat from luxury goods.
3 The tax-exempt group of principals, and generally also the middle-income consumers who care about the price advantage of tax differentials, is relatively large. As such, the definition of tax-exempt and luxury goods is inherently cross-cutting, and can be derived partly from personal luxury goods, but there are differences.
The semi-required attributes of the final product category can lead consumers to pay more attention to the purchase opportunities of tax-free channels, leading to some of the trade-offs. Corporate analysis: Domestic tax-exempt owners, emerging as the world’s number-one company, was founded in 1984, with a strong background, and over nearly 40 years of development, has become the world’s largest tourist zero.
According to data such as Moody and Fjorcher Sullivan, the global ranking of companies has been rising over the past 10 years, from 19th in 2010 to 12th in 2015 and to 4th in 2019.
In 2020, companies accounted for 22.6 per cent of the global market share of the retail tourism industry. Companies were the only retail operators in China that covered all duty-free distribution channels, covered all types of duty-free shops, and by the end of June 2021 they operated 194 shops (188 in the country and 6 abroad).
Free offshore shops do not contain two offshore duty-free shops, and share measures are not taken into account. Development journeys: early years are robust, and subsequent policy support + positive rises in subjectivity
In September 2009, the Chinese National Brigade was successfully placed on the market, becoming the first listed company to operate tax-free businesses in China. In 2016, the Chinese National Tourist Party became the first listed company to do tax-free business.
The mission and the Hong Kong China Brigade were restructured, the group was integrated into the Hong Kong Central Brigade as a whole, and the group (i.e. the shareholders in the company holding shares) was renamed the China Tourist Group as a whole. In 2017, China took China (the capital airport duty-free), Shanghai 51% of the share in Shanghai, Japan, and in 2017 the Hong Kong Airport tobacco and wine section was branded in mid-2017; the group established the Sea in 2018.
In May 2020, the listed company formally acquired 51% of the shares in the sea. In June 2020, the Chinese brigade officially changed its name to China.
Backtracking from the history of development, the pre-market middle, although with the advantage of a license plate, did not lead well. Before listing, it seemed to have the only national tax-exempt license, and the tax-exempt industry seemed to have had a sudden advantage under its four-fold policy, but because the hub airport and the core marginal points were not operated by them, their networks were scattered and they were less likely to acquire brand names.
Support is provided by companies. In contrast to the advantages of the tax-free border crossing, China’s two largest domestic ports, China’s two largest airports (the first in Shanghai, wdf, kingpower, 2005 and 2007 respectively, China’s Beijing and Shanghai airports, respectively) have not been duty-free, and early development has been slow.
It was only in 2005 that the company opened its first airport tax-free shop at Shenyang Airport (smoking and alcohol only) and in 2008 it started selling fine and perfumed products without opening a tax-free shop at Guangzhou Airport, but at this point it did not have a significant advantage in absolute terms, as compared to gathering the advantage of large port traffic.
In 2011, the Hainan off-island tax-exempt policy gave the company a new opportunity to grow. The Sanya tax-free shop (the Grand East Sea shop) flourished, and sales increased continuously after the relocation of the home-made Sea Bay shopping centre in September 2014; and the effects of the integration of China and Shanghai began to grow after China and Shanghai, Japan, in 2017-2018.
After a significant expansion of China’s foreign policy, China’s tax-exempt potential has been further accelerated. Since Shanghai and China’s two main hubs have been combined, the second is the company’s increased subjective power, and the second is the company’s ability to provide tax-exempt benefits.
The potential for tax-free operations in Sea Bay is being released. In 2019, the company ' s total revenue was 48,457 million yuan/+3.08%, and the tax-free entry/exit policy under the annual epidemic was significantly reduced, but the tax-exempt policy in Hainan was liberalized, the company ' s exit from the island performed well, and the company achieved revenue of 52,597 million yuan/+8.20% in the same year, accounting for 61,440 million yuan/+32.57% of its mother ' s performance.
The island ' s tax-exempt net interest rate was significantly higher than the airport ' s net tax-exempt rate. In 2021, the outbreak repeatedly focused on tax-exempt operations, tax-exempting the island continued to grow at a high rate of 67,669 million yuan/+28.65 per cent, resulting in a mother ' s performance of $9,592 million/+56.23 per cent and a deduction of non-performance of $9,472 million/+58.73 per cent, but excluding income tax and rent recovery affected a 26 per cent increase in performance.
Core business: size of duty-free contributions from departure, tax-free off-island support for profits, disease-led companies were the first to include China Free Company and National General Hotel, dealing with retail merchandise and travel agency operations.
Before the outbreak, companies were mostly tax-free, accounting for 97.6%, taxed only 2.4%, and then changed as a result of the rise of off-line purchases.
Tax-exempt operations: Hainan Island duty-free builds the profit pillar and the airport-free core size. Tax-exempt operations are at the heart of companies, mainly the Hainan Island duty-free and immigration-exit duty-free operations, as shown in the table below.Focus duty-free operations, prior to the outbreak, generated a relatively large share of revenue from import-exit duty-free operations, at 71-76 per cent.
The share of duty-free revenue from Hainan Island is only 24 to 29 per cent, and duty-free operations from and to China contribute more to corporate income. However, the company’s duty-free operations from and to China are based on tax-free operations from the hub airports of Shanghai, Beijing, Hong Kong, Guangzhou, etc. As a result of the high rental costs of the hub airport, duty-free operations usually have lower net interest rates, 2019
In contrast, the net return interest rate for Shanghai and Shanghai is only 3.44% and 5.81%, resulting in a relative receptivity to their profit-making contributions. By contrast, the average net interest rate for the Bay Shop can be 13-15%, if wholesale contribution is considered, and even 20% + is not excluded (except for the period of increased competition due to the epidemic + prices).
In 2019 and before, Henan's tax-exempt profit contribution, including wholesale payments, was estimated to account for even more of the company's business performance, making a larger contribution to the company’s profitability. After the epidemic, the international passenger flow was put under pressure to avoid active consultation with the airport to adjust the floor rent and to recover the airport as a follow-up.
In this context, free airport duty-free shops are exempt from the operating regime and high rent rates are evident during the period under which they are held. Given the special circumstances of the epidemic, reference is made to the situation at the international airport.
Based on a cooperative win-win approach, the company actively negotiated rents with the core airport, the Shanghai airport in January 2021, the capital airport in September 2021, the White Cloud airport lease agreement in June 2022, which was subsequently adjusted to relate to international passenger traffic (open area, etc.), partially adjusted to the terms of reference, and the Hong Kong airport-related projections.
There are also adjustments. Shanghai Airport and White Cloud Airport have made retroactive adjustments to the post-epidemic situation, with the former being particularly prominent during the contract period, with the capital airport now dating back only one year after the epidemic, not excluding further changes in the actual flow of passengers in the future, and the composite side reflects the negotiated bid of the tax-free operator.
There is a tax business, which has a very limited pre-epidemiological scale and which has been accompanied by a boom in online operations. The pre-epidemiological tax industry consists mainly of domestic retail tourism at some of the airports in the country and retail tourism at the Rainbow Bridge Airport hub. First, it is relatively modest in size, and second, it has a very low level of profitability.
The off-line tax-exempt phase was blocked, mainly because of the epidemic, with companies innovating direct mail purchases, Hainan back-purchases (later cdf members buying Hainan) and cdf members buying online platforms, all of which were tax-based, resulting in an overall change in the ratio. In 2020 and the first half of 2021, tax operations were 37.8% and 30.1%, respectively.
There is a profit analysis of tax operations: different types of goods, different discounts, and a greater differentiation in the Māori rate.
As the figure shows, different types of goods, different discounts, and the Māori rate have different effects under the general trade. General skin protection, when promotional efforts are limited, there are limited differences with the tax-free Māori rate.
The corresponding Māori rate is estimated at 50%, with a difference of 3 to 5% between taxes and exemptions, but the difference increases to 8 to 10% when discounts increase. High-end skin care, due to higher tax rates, is relatively different from duty-free goods, and when discounts are greater, the pressure on profitability becomes more pronounced.
The Māori rate is only one-digit low, while tax exemption may still be around 25-30%, with a significant difference. So the upwards ratio, the higher end-of-the-skins ratio, and the higher promotions also affect companies to some extent, in other words, if the promotion is controlled (between 8 and 9 discounts in total) and if the product structure is controlled for tax-on-line operations.
The relative balance (the relatively limited share of high-tax goods such as high-end skin protection) is not low in itself, and the forecast is only slightly lower than that of duty-free goods; if the promotion discount is higher (about 7% overall) and the high-end skin protection is higher, its profitability will fall significantly higher than the tax-free commodity (due to the relatively fixed tax), which will be profitable.
Low strength, and relatively limited supplementation to corporate profits. So, for tax-based business development, it needs to be argued that if the external market environment is relatively stable and branders ' prices are constrained in a relatively normal way, its performance can be a significant increase in the growth of corporate profits; but when the peripheral environment is poor and prices are competitive (brands)
In the second half of the year, the recovery is possible, the new pattern is new, the outbreak is tax-free after re-entry: the policy dividend plus tax-exempt expansion & capability enhancement is at the core.
In 2020 and 2021, some market investors understood this as a natural boost to the recovery of consumption, but we preferred that the policy dividend + tax-free business expansion & capacity enhancement be at the core. Luxury consumption returns: domestic tax exemptions are almost equal to 2021-2019, and Hainan’s tax-exempt estimates are simple.
With 15% of the increase in contributions, the most central is still the benefit of the domestic tax market. As shown in the figure below,1 domestic tax-free sales were largely flat between 2019 and 2021, with entry and exit blocked, and the Hainan supplementation, but the Hainan itself has more of a policy dividend.2 The logic of backstreaming consumption needs to be based on a national gate blockade + domestic circulation, especially in China and South.
But the real domestic epidemic has not returned to pre-epidemiological levels, with only 7-8 percent of the pre-epidemiological flow in 2020-2021, and branding is still in the process of being optimized before sku. 3. South Korea’s sub-purchase penetration still has a significant impact. More specifically, domestic consumption of luxury goods in comparison to 2021.
The increase in 2019 was 237 billion rb, of which (500-137), = an increase of 36.7 billion rmb in duty-free sales in Hainan, but only about 15% of the total increase; the majority of the rest is still tax-market increment, with 85% increasing evenly. In other words, Hainan’s rapid rise in tax-exemption has replaced the original entry-and-exit exemption.
Sales volume, but the benefits of the domestic tax-free market as a whole are limited. The core beneficiaries of the backsliding consumption continue to be the domestic tax market, contributing 85% of the increase.
Drinking, film entertainment, etc.) are estimated to have increased by 7% to 28% each over the same year, with Top10 shopping malls (most of which include 23% and 30%, respectively, with a relatively high rate of growth. Among them, Beijing skp continues to be the leader in absolute terms, with sales reaching 24 billion yuan in 2021, a 37% increase compared to 2021 Shanghai gold.
The center is at the top of the list at 68% of the year-on-year rate, with sales of 18.5 billion yuan, and Beijingskp, which for the third year in a row, has the crowned sales of the China Purchase Center. Of course, the above calculations may be considered only for different calibres, but may partly provide a diversity of thinking.
In June 2020, the duty-free policy on Hainan Island was significantly improved. The tax-free policy on Hainan Island was launched in 2011, five major adjustments were completed between 2012 and early 2019, and in June 2020, the epidemic affected and built.
In the context of the Hainan Trade Port, the exemption policy has been significantly liberalized. The central point of policy liberalization is: 1) the total amount has been raised from $30,000 to $100,000, 2) the exemption limit of $8,000 for one single commodity has been removed directly, 3) and the ceiling on the number of perfumed products has been significantly raised (8 pieces of perfume, 12 pieces of cosmetics, the most recent perfume, 30 pieces of cosmetics)
The above-mentioned policy changes, particularly the significant liberalization of the total, the elimination of single amounts and the increase in the number of cosmetics items, have greatly enhanced the policy space for duty-free Hainan off the island.
The new policy of tax-exempt 2020: the rate of free passenger unit prices and conversions has increased significantly. The following figure shows that the benefits are in the range of billions of yuan/+80 per cent, a sharp increase over the previous year; one is the increase in the number of shopping people from 2020 to 2021, the increase in the number of shopping people from the same period, the increase in the number of customers from the southbound islands, which is based on a recurrent epidemic from 2020 to 2021, and a marked decline in the flow of passengers from the southbound islands.
At the heart of this is the emergence of tax-exempt policy dividends in Hainan Island, rather than a simple shift in consumption back. The number of shoppers is rising in reverse, with poor passenger flow, with an increase in the penetration rate of area and product expansion.
29%. On the one hand, the addition of new shops to the island has made it easier for consumers to shop, and on the other hand, the liberalization of 30 electronic products, alcohol, etc., has increased the population ' s coverage, increasing tax-free access to the island in combination. As a result, the number of shoppers has remained at a high level, with two years of cagr = 34%, from 2019.
A significant increase in unit prices: the core is the increase in the number of shopping items per capita and the increase in unit prices, which is still the essence of the policy, and the dividends. The free passenger unit price for Hainan Island rose from $3587 in 2019 to $7367 in 2021. The short period was mainly due to a doubling of the number of shopping items per capita (5 in 2019 – 10 in 2021), in which it was perfumed.
At the same time, the individual ceiling has been lifted, the structure of the product has improved significantly, and the unit price has been continuously raised with a high potential. Previously, the exemption for individual goods was not more than $8,000, and the excess had to be replenished in accordance with the relevant regulations.
Tax restrictions, with relatively limited sales of refined goods, amounting to only about 20% of the value of more than $8,000 in the Sanya tax-free shop. In conjunction with the People’s Daily News, the share of sales of more than $8,000 in the whole island in 2020 was up from about 18% in the past to more than 25%, resulting in a unit price of more than 9% (741:886).
The downside of the annual unit price stage (expected to be linked to a high discount and short-term restriction on the supply of popular specialty items), however, the significant increase in the total value of the present item and the liberalization of the single-size limit are expected to be important for the subsequent upgrading of the tax-exempt product ratio, as well as for the next step of raising the unit price of passengers.
Overall, considering the stress of the epidemic, the rise of duty-free offshore islands in the last two years, from policy dividends, tax-free expansion, and enhanced capacity of duty-free operators, is expected to continue to deepen in the future.
Pre-epidemiological (2018, 2019) pre-epidemiological airports and ferry currents are relatively stable, with sea mouth Meeran (T1), Triple Phoenix, and Jonglei Straits receiving approximately 2400+, 2000+, and 15 million passengers per year. Since 2020, outbreaks, passenger flows, and duty-free sales have been associated.
This year, the amount of free shopping (without taxes) in the 2022q1 Sean Island has been 147.2 million yuan/+8.4 per cent, and the per capita amount of shopping has been 8372 yuan/+10.2 per cent, of which the disease was very good in January-March.
According to the Hainan Business Office, the sales of the Hainan tax-free shop in April (which is expected to contain taxes) were only $1.86 billion (all of the days fell from nearly $200 million last year to less than $100 million), a 35.4 per cent decline in the ring comparison and a 64 per cent decline in the year; the sale of the free-free shop in May was $3.09 billion, an increase of 66.1 per cent, a decline of about 40 per cent compared with the forecast, a decrease that was narrow but narrow.
Figure 22: Changes in ferry flows in the Straits of Jonglei, Figure 23: Changes in the Māori rate in the single season since mid-2019
Tax-free promotion discounts for shops and others are generally discounted by 8-8.5; tax-free discounts for 2021h1 ranged from 7.5 to 8.5, but sales discounts for 2021h2 increased to 3 under new brands, operators, etc., in addition to a target requirement of 60 billion in Hainan Province.
The net interest rate of the January-February parent rate is about 18 per cent, or a significant recovery from the 21q3, q4 (9 per cent, 6 per cent) ring, between 7.5 and 3, respectively. In March, the epidemic repeated again, and the closing down of the Gulf Sea, the net interest rate of the company fell to 4 per cent. There is still a tightening, merely because of the difference in the net interest rate as a result of the period of closure and the difference in the share on the line.
Hainan launched an economic stimulus program, with tax-free exits from the island. Following the significant pressure on visitors entering the island in March-April this year, Hainan Province launched a series of ideas to promote consumption in Hainan Province at the end of April, offering $30 million in tax-free digital renminbi vouchers for off-island consumption, thereby contributing to the development of the island as a whole.
The Programme of Action for the Stabilization of the Economy proposes that Hainan will complete the release of 100 million yuan in consumer vouchers, with an additional $100 million in due course. Of this amount, $20 million will be allocated for duty-free shopping off the island to reduce the number of vouchers, and the promotion of duty-free shopping on the island will continue to be strengthened, with a certain sales incentive for operators who will complete the annual target of duty-free sales on the island.
At the same time, on 10 June, the Provincial Hostels Office launched an outreach campaign in nine major tourist cities, namely Changsha, Shanghai and Chengdu, to attract tourists from outside the island, to support tourist hotspots such as Haiguchi and Sanya to subsidize hotel accommodation and to improve support services.
In addition, 6.28 seasons of six months of off-island duty-free shopping were opened in Hainan Province, and the Government, in collaboration with the operators, planned to launch more than 50 full-source marketing events during summer and second-quarter holidays, with an additional $70 million in timely funding based on the $20 million consumer vouchers mentioned above, clearly seeking to complete 100 billion annual sales.
On the whole, with the continuation of the above-mentioned initiatives in Hainan, duty-free sales have begun to improve, and in late this year, especially after August, the baseline pressure is expected to ease effectively (with the outbreak beginning at the end of July last year) and Hainan’s performance is expected in the second half of the year.
Competition patterns: a new paradigm, with some new players capitalizing at an accelerated rate, the Hainan tax exemption 1+4 and a super-higher model are beginning to emerge. After the new policy of duty-free Hainan Island in June 2020, moderate competition began to be introduced at the same time as the egg cake.
With more than a year of operation, the newly-arrived Sea Brigades have been enriched with duty-free, sea-controlled duty-free, middle- and bottom-up shops, as shown in the table below. New entrants are characterized by different types of duty-free operators, and the subjective dynamics of operators under moderate competition are expected to be fully stimulated, contributing to the South China tax-free market as a whole.
The overall share of the Hainan tax-exempt market is about 90%, while the share of other naval brigades and sea-controlled tax-exempts is expected to be around 3-4%, which is of greater interest, while the share of service and deep exemption is still relatively low for the time being. Specifically, the tax-exempt city of the Triangese Sea Brigade, a core project under the flag of tax-exempt, opened in December 2020 and operates.
95,000 m2 are now in 700+ internationally recognized brands, of which 190 are entering Hainan for the first time, actively building a different wave space. The online tax exemption was officially launched on January 25, 2021, and the business went back online in August, 2021. The company has grown faster in size over the last two years, joining the second class of tax exemption.
The net interest rate of 4.5 per cent, if all contribute to the tax-exempt industry, has performed well. Sea-controlled tax-exempt global fine-free city is located in the eastern part of the Sun and Moon Square, adjacent to the Mid-Day and Free Moon Square.
Phases II and II were opened on 31 January and 30 August 2021, respectively. The number of registered brands increased from 100+ to nearly 300, with the addition of packages, accessories, watches, etc. based on fragrance, alcohol, electronics, glasses. The current phase + 2 covers 39,000 square metres.
On May 16, 2022, the Sea Gas Group issued a bill to purchase 100% of the tax-free shares of the Sea Brigade, which is expected to borrow from the market platform in the future.
In view of the development of Hainan, by the end of 2021, Hainan was transferred to the sea by private agreement, with 45% of the tax-exempt companies (in relation to the islanders), with a transfer price of $13.5 million. In May 2022, Hainan completed an increase of $600 million in the development of China's holdings to the major shareholders, and this increase is due to the commitment of the major shareholders.
In three years, it is hoped that Hainan will be able to develop a new perspective through a secure injection of the shares of its major global consumer-goods companies into listed companies, not limited to the transfer of agreements and the distribution of shares in the purchase of assets. Meanwhile, in May 2022, the Wang Dynasty announced the purchase of the Vanning Otterles project for $927 million.
In general, it is possible to inject tax-free, sea-controlled tax-free futures into listed companies, and we believe that: 1) this is a powerful claim by the United States, and in a sense is also justified; 2) although the sea-billies are tax-free, sea-control-free.
Once the tax is on the market, it can also be developed by means of a listed platform, but with the future seaward control, the introduction of the sea brigade into the upper-market segment, the consideration of the price of the injection, the valuation requirements, and the continued profitability of the capital market to the median, it is hoped that the future seaboard investment, sea-locking profit requirements will become clearer and will, on the one hand, contribute to the price of the Hainan market.
The war is relatively more manageable, and on the other hand, it is not so pessimistic about its impact on the Middle East as a whole, which could help to make Hainan more rational. Figure 27: Sea Brigade tax-free 2020-2022q1 camp collection, return performance and net interest rates
Figure 28: Sea Gas Group and Sea Brigade Equity Structure Free of Hainan: Enhanced tax-free layout and expansion, new growth of new projects such as the New Seaport for the next 1-2 years, free of being the main force in Hainan's tax-exempt area expansion.
On the basis of Seagate International Free City, it is proposed to invest $3.7 billion to build the Sanya Bay Phase 2 project, while also actively expanding and expanding the Sanya Airport Free Shop to further strengthen the company’s position in Hainan Market. Given this, as of the end of this year, in the case of Seaguchi Free City, in the case of Sanya Bay, in the case of the Sanya Bay Phase 2 site.
In short, China has already gained an absolute advantage in the core cards and operating areas of the South China Free Market, and is expected to be the main driving force behind the continued expansion of the South China Free Market over the next 1-2 years. The Central China Free China City: the capital of the South China International Free Trade Port – the new seaport – is strategically significant.
The company had previously announced that it would invest $12.9 billion in the construction of the Seagate International Free City, a two-phase project, which, in geographical terms, is located as follows: although the project is about 20 minutes away from the current Seagate city, it is seamlessly connected to the New Sea Port on the west side of the project, and the offshore South Ribbon High Iron is the route for tourists from the Islands.
The Jeju and West Coast City Sub-Centres are one of the core areas for the future economic development of Hainan. And, in accordance with China’s deployment, Hainan Province will in the future build free trade pilot zones and China’s special free trade ports, with new seaports in “one hub, three hubs, two locations” (Lishima integrated transport hub, modern shipping service centre, port service centre)
The strategic position of shopping malls, leisure and recreation centres, global tourist fairs, destinations for excellent tourism) is the new growth pole in the future high-quality economic development of Hainan Province, which is of strategic significance.
Figure 30: Impact map of the international tax-free city plan for Haiguchi, which is expected to open before the national day of 2022, with a view to creating the largest international tax-free city in Asia. The exemption project for new seaports is based on tax exemptions and integrated into a variety of cultural and travel practices, as reported by dfe, which is currently in place.
With the largest whiskey museum in the world, a number of major international flagships and start-ups, and a combination of high-end shopping and consummation of 10,000 square metres, there is a desire to build Asia's largest tax-free business town, which will be ready for launch by April 2022. According to an interface news report, as of March 2022, more than 500 brands have been identified.
In the long term, the potential for long-term growth is significant, considering the strategic position of the new seaport in the construction of the South China Trade Port and the potential of Asia’s first tax-free shop. The new seaport project estimates that the future is expected to see a long-term end-of-the-way with the Bay project.
The project is 20-30 miles from the city, and the surroundings are still to be further developed, but it is expected that the new port passenger hub, which is directly linked to it, will be operational this year, and that we will be more confident in its continued growth, given the success of the former Seagate Bay tax-free shop, which was also limited in its early surroundings.
In recent years, Melanes Airport passenger and ferry flows at sea mouth (taking into account Sanya's own projects in the Bay of Sea Sea, etc., taking into account Sanya's passenger flow), while considering that the airport's passenger flow penetration may be lower (the new seaport is one hour away from Milan airport), the passenger unit price may be relatively higher and the ferry flow conversion rate may be higher (directly adjacent), but
216, 32.7 billion yuan. At the same time, on the basis of the 2025 Seagate Airport + ferry single-way passenger flow, the corresponding space is estimated to be in the range of 13-81 billion at different overall penetration rates and unit prices, such as a combined passenger unit price of 70-9000 a bay.
The project is located on the east side of Sanya International Free City, and is the second stage of a bid for land in the same period (2011). The project is a tax-free business + high-end hotel complex, operating with Sanya International Free City and the Sanya Sea.
The tax-exempt component, which is expected to open in mid-2023 and plan for the introduction of high-end luxury brands, is still under negotiation and does not preclude the construction of the largest perfume cosmetics complex in the world. The core of phase 2 is expected to be the promotion of tax-free areas.
Further enrichment, such as brands, and sku, has helped to enhance the overall competitiveness of the China-South China Sea Bay project. Vision 2025: China-South is expected to see $130-170 billion in revenues, short-term arrivals and arrivals pending recovery, and medium- and long-line upgrades to provide the flow base.
In 2021, the first two months of 2022, the Hainan passenger flow was only 75-80% of the 2019 period before the outbreak, and there is still room for improvement, but the follow-up of the outbreak and the subsequent changes in the policy of control remain crucial. Second, the Hainan Midline passenger flow space still depends on the active construction of the Hainan Trade Port and the overall attraction of Hainan.
We estimate that Meran airport will receive 33 to 35 million passengers in 2025, Sanya airport will receive 22 to 24 million passengers and ferry passengers 20 to 24 million passengers in 2025, taking into account, in part, the new seaport.
Transport hub construction and expansion, railway construction at Chamhai and expected traffic traffic in 2024.
Based on the latest passenger flow assumption: expected sales from the Hainan Ex-Island Free Shop are expected to reach $172,215.0 billion in 2025,1 and the Hainan Airport Out-Island Passenger Space Outlook: taking into account the generally high consumer capacity of the off-island passenger flow, the high passenger unit price, and taking into account that the duty-free shopping conversion rate for the off-island has reached 29 per cent (over 30 per cent in part of the month) for the entire year of 2021, and the passenger unit price has reached 29 per cent (over 30 per cent in part of the month)
With a reasonable growth rate of $700-8000, we use 30 to 50% of the conversion rate as a reference, assuming a unit price,3 and considering the difference in the consumer population from the point of view of ferry service, which is currently relatively easy to pay. But in the future, as traffic in the Straits of Jonglei is becoming more accessible (at present, one hour of unilateral ferry time, only 36.5 per cent of one-way tickets are currently available).
In view of this, it is expected that the future sea ferry rate will increase by 25-45% and the passenger rate by $4500-8500 per unit, assuming a future ferry conversion rate of 25-45%.
The estimated total space is not the same. In this case, if we assume that the number of passengers leaving the island is 33-39%, the unit price is $6,000-$7,000 (which takes into account the opening of new seaports, etc.), the corresponding sales size is between $21.8 billion and $30 billion.
The annual Hainan free shop sales (including taxes) are expected to reach about 172-2150 million. Combined with the above-mentioned free market coverage of about 91% in mid-2021, assuming 75-80% in mid-2025, the figure corresponds to about 130-172 billion yuan, accompanied by rising passenger flows, branders, and operators in the post-epidemiology era.
For information purposes only, follow-up passenger flows, brand introduction, sealing, etc. Closures: not expected to be Hong Kong, Singapore, but still pending policy clarity.
The Hainan Free Trade Port system will be in place initially by 2025; it will be further refined and implemented in June 2020 through the issuance of the Hainan Master Programme for the Construction of Trade Ports with its own Trade Ports, with clear indications that the island-wide customs will be operational by 2025.
In conjunction with the annual meeting, the Hong Kong-Singapore sealing operation is not what you think will be followed by the Hong Kong-Singapore seal.
For businesses, the most important business opportunities after customs clearance are “zero tariffs” and some value-added taxes, and consumer taxes may be adjusted under the new tax regime, which reduces costs.
At the same time, trade restrictions and prohibitions will be further relaxed and made more liberal. In the light of our analysis in the Hong Kong Tourism Revelation: High Profit with Full Competition, the international trade ports focus on tariff-free, trade-free and financial liberalization globally, as shown below.
Ports (districts) have independent regulation, free access to goods or funds, and efficient logistics, often supported by a special legal regime in a given region. Taxes on individual retail purchases remain very different, not necessarily three taxes.
At the level of shopping, while the above-mentioned free-trade ports also have some duty-free shops in their regions, there are different regulations for the movement of goods within their respective trading ports. For example, Singapore, Dubai, and Hong Kong, the three most well-known trading ports around the world, as shown in the table below, Singapore’s airports are free of taxes (tariff + value-added tax (VAT) or consumer tax (CAT) etc.), and the city is only for foreign tourists.
Consumers (excluding those with green working cards) refunded the excise tax under certain conditions; Dubai was also tax-free at the airport (customs + value added tax or consumption tax, etc.) and conditional tax-reimbursement for foreign tourists within the city; however, Hong Kong was exempt not only from taxes at the airport, but the city was exempt from taxes on most products other than tobacco and alcohol, including perfume, fine products, etc., and therefore its tax-free stores were tax-free in real terms.
There are also significant differences in the level of preferences, and it is not possible to generalize that private shopping is entirely tax-free. From the latest tracking of Hainan Trade Port, it is not clear whether the first sealing represents a total tax-free approach to personal shopping, and if it is not a Hong Kong-Singapore model, we believe that it will not be possible in the future to do so.
There is no general pessimism about a certain number of license plates or related barriers. Specifically, at the heart of the embargo are two aspects: (a) is the island-wide tax-exempt and off-island tax-exempt long line fully compatible?, (b) Is the off-island tax-exempt future completely break the monopoly of license plates and allow the island to open up to full competition?
A clear timetable and clear conclusions are still to be found by the Department of State, the Treasury, and the relevant policy advice. At this point, we expect that duty-free and off-island exemptions are expected to be differentiated for a considerable period of time in order to avoid a significant impact on domestic markets outside Hainan Island.
Similar to Hong Kong’s full-scale competition, we expect a relatively long transition period, which in one way or another will avoid rapid deployment and growth in recent years. But, if the pace of liberalization is too rapid in the short term, prices may become more competitive at this stage, but it will eventually become rational in the context of the current Hainan duty-free competition.
In the long run, even if fully liberalized, growth is expected to be sustained as long as the pace is paced and the combined strength is strengthened. With the analysis of our June 2020 report, Hong Kong Tourism Revelation: High Gains from Full Competition, the advantages of pre-issued cards and so on, even with full competition, the flow of Hong Kong visitors is sufficient.
In view of this, even in a context similar to Hong Kong’s full-scale competition, Hainan is expected to save Sanya and China’s 100% ownership and operation against the background of the continued expansion of the Hong Kong trade and consumer cake.
The net interest rate rate rate for duty-free shops in the city is still 15-20%; airport stores need to follow up on the rental deductions (but now, duty-free Meran Airport and Phoenix Airport are joint ventures), and long-line profit growth is still well supported. Parallel imports: global procurement by better-priced agents using the difference in intercontinental pricing of brands, parallel customs declarations
Tax exemption for Korea: industrial cluster development, post-epidemiological marginal changes, international competition dimensions: first, the hidden competition of offshore tax exempts in the context of relative impediments to emigration, and mainly the penetration of South Korea tax exemptions into China through sub-purchases, etc., and second, the gradual liberalization of China's travel abroad in the future.
South Korea is tax-free: 40 years of multi-purpose energy, industrial clustering, and the rise of a power-breath, in conjunction with our previous series of South Korea tax-free reports, The 40 Years of Discharge in South Korea City: On Size,
Analysis of Eternality and others, Korea's tax exemption has developed over more than 40 years, relying on geographical advantages (inhabitants in East Asia are tax-free, the main consumer group), exploiting the consumer potential of the country through policy innovations (tax-free in-departure cities, duty-free in-island policies), enhanced marketing by tax-free traders, and faster development of the domestic perfume industry in 2009
In this context, South Korea has also contributed to the emergence of the world’s top tax-free champions, the new world, and the second/third/eighth, and second/fifth, respectively, in 2019 and 2020.
Figure 36: The rise of Korean tax-free traders from 2010 to 2020. First, the support of the Korean government, which includes not only innovations in exit, off-island tax-free policies, but also associated policies that attract in-country tourism to provide a good fertile ground for the development of tax-free industries;
The second was the early exploitation of the Japanese, which attracted Koreans at the stage, and then the Chinese, who grew up in decades of development, creating a powerful shopping cluster effect; the third was the exploitation of opportunities to be strong, the oligarchs highlighted, the concentration of resources and the strengthening of the supply chain. Around 1600+ brands in Lei Teng 2019 were the world ' s first successful smokers.
Tax-free operators who led Louis Vuitton, Amazé, Chanel and other luxury brands into their stores in the city (introduction 1984-1994); the new 1300+ brand and the opening in 2011 of the world ' s first Louis Vuitton airport, 550m2 special store at Incheon International Airport; the new world brands are relatively small but rely on large shareholders.
The top supply chain is relatively strong, with high levels of fine goods like fashion and apparel, reaching 35%. South Korea's submissive purchases: South Korea began unconventional development after Korea's caption, followed by a rise in commission when the flow was stable, South Korea's tax-exemption began pro bono development after Korea’s caption, and South Korea was partially dominated by foreigners going to South Korea from pure travel.
After the Sade incident, with a sharp drop in Chinese tourists and tax-free Korean traders attracting consumers by giving concessions to travel agencies or by buying from them, Kdfa and Chongryon reported that South Korean tax-exempt operators usually buy 20-40% of their sales back from China, while the high rate of repurchasebacks attracts generations.
The surrogate evolution: individual retail buy-outs move toward corporate buy-outs. Initially, Chinese purchases in Korea were dominated by individual buy-outs, and the owners were expected to earn, for example, differential prices and tax refunds, partly dependent on travel agencies for extra home leavers, with a relatively low return rate.
Since then, some agencies have increased the number of sub-purchases to 10-30% (different brand types), but the share of individuals is still limited by the agency's extraction of maids. In 2019, with the introduction of China's electronic commerce law, individual sub-purchases began to decrease, and companies began to take over.
The nature of pre-epidemiological South Korean surrogates is highly correlated with changes in passenger flows, and when marginal customers have stabilized, their surrogates return home to domestic workers will tend to decline. For example, China’s marginal tourist arrivals to South Korea improved significantly in 2019, with averages in the second half of the quarter.
Over 1.5 million people, returning to their highest level since 2017, the corresponding rate of commission duty-free was reduced from 11-12% in the previous period to 7-8% (some companies purchase part of the company directly on the basis of the actual income after the commission was removed); however, the rate of commission is often followed up when the passenger flow phase is blocked in order to gain more customers.
After the outbreak, the commission rate began to rise as a result of a severe disruption in passenger flows. After the outbreak, South Korea entered China indirectly through wholesale purchase, free of hidden competition.
Cross-border movements have been affected, with South Korea tax-free sales amounting to $13.2 billion and $15.6 billion, respectively, or about 62% and 73% in 2019. However, foreign contributions have continued to dominate, reaching 94% and 95%, with a further increase over the pre-epidemiological share of 83%.
The unit price rose rapidly, reaching a maximum of $11w+, while South Korea’s domestic customer base was relatively dependent on real cross-border or off-island movements, and only resumed at 30% until April 2022.
Fig. 42: The rate of commission and the trend of change is highly related to China’s travel to the Korean capital, and it is expected that China will have infiltrated indirectly prior to the outbreak, as South Korea’s tax-exempt duty was largely converted to online wholesale purchase.
Despite the high number of tax-free sub-purchases in Korea, with numerous field shopping and individual tourists, the market is still well-connected, and the perception of branders is unclear. But, after the outbreak, it has largely shifted to online sub-purchases.
Consumers can buy duty-free goods only when they arrive at the airport on the day they leave the country. But when the system is relaxed, consumers who come to the duty-free shop to buy them, with passports and tickets and an overseas address, can distribute the goods directly abroad, even if the purchaser is in Korea.
Some 90 per cent of the country's tax-free wholesale purchases during the epidemic were mostly based on corporate wholesale purchases, with some brands and sku returning profits of up to 50 per cent, while the above-mentioned commodities are expected to flow to China to a large extent (referenced media reports such as dfe do not exclude transit through Hong Kong).
After the epidemic, the country's high reliance on wire, partial closure, high luxury brands began to shift to one of the new changes in the post-tax-free South Korea epidemic: high reliance on online wholesale purchases, which put a lot of pressure on low-line businesses to operate, even shut down. In combination with the above, Korea's epidemic is highly dependent on online wholesale purchases, often downstream in corporate form.
In view of the high commission discount rate, which is very low for tax-exempters, the main response is to run the business costs under the effective compression line and even close the shop. According to media reports such as Moody, dfe, Korea’s tax-free coex store was declared closed on June 8th of this year.
As of now, there are five local stores in Korea (the coex store will be closed) and three airports. We believe that Lotte will close the above-mentioned tax-exempt shops, the core of which is the post-infection sub-procuration dependency, but the wholesalers will be more dependent.
The very low profitability of the purchase itself, and the pressure of the line itself, makes the cost of effective control a way to survive its epidemic. South Korea’s post-tax-exempt epidemic is a new change: South Korea’s duty-free airport and city-wide tax-free bidding response.
In terms of tax exemption, in 2020, the largest air terminal at Incheon Airport in Korea was significantly reduced by rent, and all three tenders flowed, with the bid closing down the door of its Incheon Airport t1 terminal in March 2021. From within the city, in early 2022, the Korea Customs Office issued a new bid announcement for the duty-free shop in Seoul, compared to the one in Seoul.
According to dfe’s latest report, as of 30 May, none of the companies had applied for a new tax-free permit for Seoul Center. Meanwhile, the number of South Korean domestic tax-free shops had decreased from 57 at the end of 2019.
With the closure of Lottecoex, the number of domestic duty-free shops in Korea will turn to 47. The new entrants are from the stress of operating under the epidemic, and from the pressure of running their own leaders and barriers to scale.
It started to change. Before, South Korea tax-exempted was based on a cluster effect of size, and it had a strong bargaining power over brands, not just some high-end brands, but also over low- and middle-end brands. For example, some low- and middle-level South Korean perfume brands, which wanted to go to Korea, had to offer a minimum supply price. But under the epidemic, brands were exempted from South Korea.
There have also been changes in strategy, and according to Moody Davidt and dfe, Chanel Korea has decided to close the Fashion Tourist Fine Shop in Busan and Jeju on March 31, 2022; lv also plans to gradually withdraw from the Nuro Free Shop in Jeju by March and December 2023, Busan Free House,
Seoul House Musical World Tower, etc., has expressed the wish to move away from the intra-city tax-free shop, which is dominated by group tourism, to a travel-oriented business such as the planned opening of five airport duty-free shops in the country by the end of 2022, including the existing gate shop at the Beijing capital airport and the Shanghai Rainbow Bridge airport.
On the whole, South Korea’s tax exemption is historically strong and powerful as an opponent of the Middle East, but in the midst of the epidemic, marginal changes are beginning to occur, with brands and shops all beginning to adjust. At the same time, South Korea’s government’s support for South Korea’s full-scale exemption is indirectly putting pressure on it, but it also offers potential benefits for the country’s tax-exempt policy.
In this context, international competition is particularly free of competition, and in the future there will be freedom from self-reliance and policy support at the core.
Domestic and foreign competition growth: strong nuclear power, policy options, balanced access to Hong Kong finance, looking ahead, whether in Hainan or South Korea or other international competition, the core of the future lies in the overall enhancement of its capabilities, the strengthening of supply chain capacity, the deep development of its flow capacity, and the efficiency of its operations.
The increase, backed up by policy support and the release of tax-free consumer demand dividends, will be sustained by a gradual quantitative transition to qualitative change that will strengthen its global tax-exempt first position and make it possible for the future. Free from future growth one: making a big deal of power as an inner core and changing supply chain channels.
In the case of the epidemic, despite the full range of pressures that it faces, particularly the weight of the passenger flow under the Hainan Line, the company has been active in the supply chain and all channels for the last two years, using the epidemic as a tool to offset the spread of the epidemic as a tool for strengthening the inner core. On the supply chain, there is a positive build-up based on the opportunities of the Trans-Hinan port and the internal and external differences of the epidemic.
The gap has begun to narrow, although there are still differences in the number of brands in New York, New York, 2021, 1600, 1300. Meanwhile, in the Hainan region, the new seaport project is expected to open by the end of September of this year; and by the end of this year, in conjunction with the foregoing.
At the beginning of the year, Sea Bay Phase 2 is expected to be launched; these are expected to add more brands than even high-luxury brands. At the same time, this year, Meran 2 and Sanya airport duty-free shops have been expanded, construction at Hainan Port has continued, companies have been strengthening at Hainanka, and the clustering effect in the region has been enhanced.
In terms of channels, companies are based on their own supply chain resources and established channels, and there are tax channels on the extension line. At the heart of the future is the full flow and conversion of online and offline traffic, based on the tourism retail population.
Outside the online tax-exempt channel, the company has been expanding multiple channels after the outbreak, such as the purchase of China’s cdf members and China’s China Free Japan (formerly the Shanghai direct post), and has been integrated since then, and members’ points have been recognized. Moreover, in 2021, the Hong Kong airport store, Hong Kong’s inner shop, Macau’s airport shop, and China’s exemption from international passenger flows have not been restored.
In addition, the company has tried to arrange its own business abroad, and in late 2021 it made a pilot operation in Macao, and if it was fully liberalized, the Chinese company would not exclude the placement of some Chinese people’s most popular destinations. Taken together, the company’s core for the last two years has been based on Hainan guests (the 2000-30 million grade level) and straight up the day.
In the future, if the excursion is restored, the company will be able to make a full-scale transition based on the departure of the airport and the arrival of the guests in Hainan, which is expected to raise the base of its clients to 100%, while the median line will be accompanied by an increase in the rate of integration penetration below the line, which is still within reach.
Improved efficiency of operations: multidimensional power to manage. Logistics warehousing, which has been growing year after year with the revenue from China’s operations, is in urgent need of upgrading the existing logistics system. The company completed its inspection and inspection in September of the year of integrated supply through the overall planning of the warehousing system and the introduction of the Fullerwms programme in nine different types of warehouses in San Asia.
In-house operations in computerized and paperless repositories, fine-tuning of product classes, and more efficient storage logistics management. In the area of door-to-door operations, China will continue to promote the creation of smart shops, with new technology such as passenger statistics, electronic price marks, door-to-door assistants, and will gradually go online to support digital systems for the procurement of replenishments, commodity management, and cargo information, among other things, with a heavy emphasis on the following:
The integration of the point-line platform and the creation of an enhanced back-office distribution that matches the forward-office capacity The sorting and distribution capacity is expected to bring down the efficiency gains and enhance the customer shopping experience through digital systems.
It is also expected that it will continue to be optimized, leading to a gradual improvement in its profitability.
Funding, again updated in June 2022. Although short-term funding for Hong Kong is expected to have a modest impact, not more than 10% is expected, and the actual spread is not limited.
In order to accelerate domestic and foreign expansion, increase the efficiency of supply chains and promote the extension of the industrial chain, thus strengthening the primacy of the global duty-free market. The core of this fund-raising effort, as shown in the table below, is the consolidation of domestic channels and the expansion of overseas channels to improve supply chain efficiency (including the consolidation of upstream purchasing systems by the acquisition or investment of upstream brands),
Promotes the extension of the industrial chain, etc., as compared to the information disclosed earlier in November after the hearings: one is to consolidate domestic channels, move to the first (formerly to expand overseas), strengthen investment duty-free off-island and intra-city duty-free shops, etc., and two is to improve supply chain efficiency (including up-front branding of investment) to the third (formerly to extend the industry), highlighting the fact that there is a need to improve the efficiency of the supply chain.
The firm’s determination to further develop large domestic duty-free markets and strengthen supply-chain capabilities. And, in the light of our earlier analysis, it is likely that in the second consecutive year of 2020-2021, companies will be tax-exempted globally for the first time, and that in the future it will be expected to further raise international visibility, increase the circulation of equity, and modernize governance.
Moreover, companies are not precluded from taking this opportunity to consider introducing, inter alia, war-drops, to further strengthen cooperation with upstream supply chains and quality channel resources, and to further consolidate the position of the world’s first market. To avoid future growth: if travel is liberalized, the country’s exit from the centre of the city will be open-ended.
This year, an executive opinion was issued on promoting consumer expansion and accelerating the formation of a strong domestic market, stating clearly that the aim is to strengthen top-level design with a view to building a tax-free system for China’s special features. The science determines the functional orientation of the tax-free industry, insists on providing services to people living outside China and my residents, and strengthens integrated planning for the development of the tax-exempt industry and improves tax-exempt industry.
In 2021, reports were published and preliminary discussions were held around the country. Only because of the recurrent epidemic, the timing of the resumption of the trip, and the expectation that the policy would be suppressed. But in the future, I will take into account the need for a return of consumption and the like.
With South Korea’s experience in tax-free development, South Korea became the world’s first-ever tax-free country to rely on the contributions of its own nationals rather than foreign tourists in 2009, with South Korea’s tax-exempt policies toward its own people’s departure from the city being outstanding.
With the company’s annual reports for the last two years, the company is closely following the developments in the city’s internal shop policy, actively developing strategies with priority cities.
Cooperation to prepare for future intra-city shop layout. Figure 19: Contribution of Koreans to duty-free shops in South Korea. Figure 20: Consumption of duty-free shops in South Korean mainland City is still slightly higher than that of its airport duty-free stores.
The central concern is competition. But to deal with competition, the central concern is to improve capacity. In fact, integration.
Before the epidemic, despite Hainan's basic tax-free program + integration day, which highlights the country's leading position, international competition is faced with various kinds of tax-exempt competition repression in Korea, and its competitive pressures are not low, mainly relying on it.
The integration day 2017-2019 has seen a steady increase in interaction with suppliers, but there is still a gap between the country’s brand name and others. The epidemic has brought about new changes in the last two years, but this process has not been as quick as some of the city’s investors expected in the second half of 2020, but rather a gradual process that needs to break through Europe and America.
The original distribution system of brands is constantly negotiated for better conditions, and repeated outbreaks and exits can also affect their comprehensive negotiations. Taken together, the two years are being expanded and the flow of liquidity is being realized, but the time is also needed for overall validation and landing.
In the meantime, all the anomalies of the epidemic sometimes affect its rhythm. China’s short-term thinking and outlook will be the best in the future: deep-farming domestic tourists, home-made retailing full-flow service providers, best prices, best products, best experience.
The company’s long-term potential for the future: the core lies in tax-free and duty-free two-way dives off the island. First, as shown in the figure above, 2021vs in 2019, with policy support, tax-exempt expansion, marginal empowerment, can increase the penetration rate of duty-free shopping by 200% +, doubling the number of pieces, and increasing the unit value of the goods.
Finally, good sales growth has been achieved at a rate of less than 80% before the outbreak, and the effective drilling of more than 23 million Hainan currents (based on the flow of people in and out of the island 2) will make up for the loss of duty-free sales from and to the country under the epidemic.
Camp management is more efficient and still has considerable potential. At the same time, domestic entry and exit duty-free, while corresponding to the hundreds of millions of passenger flows, was more limited in terms of their potential for duty-free consumption, which was significantly limited in terms of purchase space and shopping hours, with the border crossing brands being relatively regulated; and, second, face-to-face international.
If in the future tax-free shops in the city are supported by tax-exempt policies, tax-exempters will have better places to use their capabilities (e.g. tax-free shops in the city or airport upgrades), adequate brands and products, good prices, good shopping experience, and the potential for this flow to materialize.
The potential for growth is much greater when the hundreds of billions of class passenger flows are switched to the 20-30 million in Hainan, and the underlines are complemented by their own flow conversions and supplements. On balance, the three main capabilities are: supply chains, channels and flow conversions, and efficiency gains.
The continuing deepening nature of the supply chain needs to reshape the position of Asia-Pacific tax-exempters in the post-epidemiological era in the mature Euro-American brand-new tourism zero distribution system, which is underpinned by the enormous consumer power of the nation, as well as by the continuous strengthening of its own channels and flow conversion capabilities, and the use of new patterns in the post-epidemiology landscape to upgrade itself.
The conversion of channels and flows is the direction that is now free of active efforts, whether it is the North-South card enhancement in Hainan (New Seaport, Seagate Bay Phase 2 Project, Milan, Phoenix Airport) or the potential opportunity not to come to the city store, as well as the flow layout on the line, the membership system, etc.
On the other hand, this is the firm’s clear focus on the benefits to regulation this year, and the basis on which it will be able to deal better with all kinds of competition in the future, but it will need to have a normal business cycle to prove it. On balance, whether international competition is liberalized from emigration or from future competition in Hainan, only these three axes have been fully deepened, with the exception of competition.
Financial analysis: changes in the epidemic, promotions, etc. affect profitability: volatility of the epidemic, differences in promotion, structural differences causing fluctuations
After 2020, 49%, however, fell to around 40% as a result of the tax-free operation of high-level airports, such as the epidemic’s Kyoto airport, and further down to about 34% in 2021 as a result of promotions and higher tax ratios. Moreover, exchange-rate fluctuations, in addition to their own exchange gains and losses, could have an impact on their Māori ratio.
Net interest rates show that, in 2017 and earlier, the increase in the size and marginal efficiency of the Totonan operations had an impact on the recovery of interest rates from rents from the capital airport and income taxes from Hainan. On the other hand, the company performed well for the month, with a net interest rate of about 18%, but in March it was hit by the epidemic and 4.5 days at the Bay Bay customs store.
The net interest rate was about 4 per cent (70 per cent plus the March passenger flow at Sanya Airport).
In 2020, the company rental rate fell, mainly due to the impact of the airport rent recovery. At the same time, the management rate of 3.32 per cent/+0.21 pct in 2021, which is expected to increase slightly, e.g., staff remuneration, and the financial rate of -0.06 per cent/+0.97 pct, which is mainly due to higher exchange gains and losses during the same period last year.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: 1. The assumption is that, in 2022-2024, they will return to 2019, and that the company ' s Māori rate changes will be tax-free from the airport and from within the city, except as a result of the company ' s own enhanced bargaining power.
Māori from the hub airports in Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, etc., began a gradual recovery in their exit duty-free operations, and a recovery in hub airport sales is expected to lead to a recovery in the company’s Māori rate. At the same time, however, rents for hub airport duty-free operations are higher, and the cost of rents rises accordingly.
Therefore, the rental rates for 2022-2024 are assumed to be 7.15 per cent, 9.00 per cent and 11.04 per cent, respectively, as follows:3 The relevant assumptions for the new seaport can be analysed in the light of the foregoing.4 Assuming that there are no significant adverse changes related to the exemption from duty on the island in 2025.
Other income includes income from domestic airports and some ports, such as Hong Kong, White Cloud, Kunming, Chengdu, traditional tax-free wholesales and other tax-related activities.
At the heart of this is that, in the light of the recent positive trends in sales in Hainan and the fact that sales promotion is more manageable, we've been able to make a slight upturn in China's passenger flow, deepening it, taking into account, among other things, an exit recovery, and we're predicting that there may be room for 22 billion up and down (Hiananan duty-free operations 20 billion up and down, airports and other operations around 20 billion), but that there is a need to make the Hainan flow more predictable than before the outbreak.
For good growth (over 26 per cent), taking into account the business characteristics of the company, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's reasonable assumptions for the next 10 years.
This is closely related to the assumption that the airport duty-free operation will resume. We assume that it will resume in 2023 on the margins, that it will accelerate gradually in 2024-2025, and that it is expected to reach pre-epidemiological levels in 2025.
If yes, but it should be noted that, as a result of the adjustment of the hub airport rental agreement, the median sales rate is also lower than the pre-epidemiological level (structural and rent agreement re-signing factors combined).
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the rate of wacc and constant growth, is presented in the following table. Currently, tax-exempt companies are mainly listed in China, and the China Brigade is about to inject sea gas, while Wang’s capital well is still in place.
Internationally, tax-exempt listed companies include mainly dufry, Xinjo, New World, etc. (the traditional retail business in the new world is relatively high), while dufry, Xinjo, and Xinjo have a difference in operations. First, dufry is mostly tax-exempt from the airport, which was exempt from the global tax before the outbreak.
The tax business is not as profitable and growing as it is, with the airport and municipal duty-free shops, but the pre-epidemiological airport tax-exempt business share is also higher. The pre-epidemiological valuation changes are shown below.
Under the pilot model, net interest rates ranged from 3 to 5 per cent and were relatively modest, and the valuation for this period was roughly 18 to 52 times as high as 35.2 billion rmb. In 2014-2017, dufry was pressured by factors such as the cost of bulk acquisition plus interest and the pre-acquisition loss pressure, loss during the performance phase, and the valuation was more disruptive, but the size of the company was larger.
The expansion of M&As has gradually become the world ' s top tax exemption, so the market value has continued to rise because of its size, rising from 4.8 billion chfs previously to 9 billion Swiss francs in 2017, corresponding to the RMB 66 billion plus, and related to the profit perturbation in its integration process.
Around 30x net interest rates for airport operations are only relatively low to limit their overall market value levels. Newly, tax-free and hotel operations are listed together, but hotel operations are highly volatile, so while analysing the overall valuation, we are also concerned with the valuation of tax-free operations based on net profit levels for the company’s market value/tax-free segment.
Level. In 2011-2014, the value of the new tax-exempt operations ranged from 21 x to 46 x, with an average value of about 33 x, the impact of the expansion of the city ' s new projects, the Sad events, etc., combined with increased regional competition in Korea, the new operation of the Singapore airport, the new opening of the airport, its own new opening factors, the higher level of perturbation and the relatively high value of some of the valuations and the relative value of the market.
As a result of the further rise of the M&A, domestic audit of the sub-procuration phase has fluctuated. Taken together, due to the large financial costs and M&A integration costs associated with the expansion of M&As over the years, the performance of dufry has fluctuated considerably in recent years, and the new category itself includes tax-exempt, hotel operations, in particular airport operations.
There are also relative fluctuations in the profitability of offshore airport operations, so the two valuations are relatively indicative. If some industries are excluded from the larger periods of performance disturbance, or just New Free Business, the fair average peri-dynamic valuation of dufry and New Lou is still around 30-37x, and the pe-value fluctuations range between 18x-60x. In other words, the international tax-exempt leader is still in the range of 18x-60x.
Before the outbreak, the mean value of the dynamicpe was still 30 x. During the epidemic, due to the high reliance on the airport for tax exemption, the performance was high, profits were expected to improve in 2023, profits were expected to be realized in 2021 on optimization of cost, sub-purchases, etc., and projections for 2022 and 2023 were 48 and 19x, respectively.
Compared to the current two consecutive years of global tax exemption, and the relatively better and more dynamic business model, we believe that the value premium should be enjoyed. The policy expectations, competition concerns, subjective dynamics, outbreak disruptions, and the pace of the project are all visible.
First, policy expectations have a greater impact on valuation sentiment, both as a boost to the continued success of the Hainan Extremist Policy and concerns about the liberalization of potential competition, as well as the impact of the exit/exit policy and the expected exit duty-free market policy; and second, performance performance, including the airport, the Sanya Free Shop, etc.
The continued tracking of camp data and the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio; third, the evolution of subjective energy and the persistence of endogenous externalities; fourth, the validation of profit hubs under repeated and competing epidemics; and fourth, the impact of the pace of new projects, such as the successful start-up of the Bay Sea Bay project in September 2014.
In general, companies were listed at the beginning of the market because of the potential expectation of an off-island tax-exempt policy (a further medium-term exemption is expected, with the lowest stage in mid-2016 to 20 x+, mainly due to poor governance within the State enterprise, a negative increase in the peri-quarter consumption of Sanya shops (202002) and higher expectations of off-island and on-line sales, higher policy gains and a 130 per cent increase in equity prices.
Although the number of competitors may be limited, the main players are cardholders (no foreign capital), and the data are beautifully stacked, and the consumption of white horse cattle is pushing the valuation to over 60 x. 2020q4, which is overstretched by concerns about the tax-exempt competition pattern in Hainan Island, has since been levelled by the new competitor and reinforced by the final thinking about the consumption of white horses.
After q2 in 2021, with the new competitor’s dynamism and market style adjustments, repeated outbreaks, stock price shocks, etc., have broken, but these recent outbreaks have fluctuated slightly. Consider the new project’s promotion at the end of this year and the firm’s international leadership, combining its historical valuation levels and its historical valuation levels.
But the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the selection of the company ' s next few years from cash flow calculations, weighted capital cost (wacc), tv growth assumptions and comparable company valuation parameters, which included many individual judgements:
1. Risks of optimistic valuations due to the high value of free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, possibly due to optimistic estimates of growth in corporate income and profits: 2, weighted capital costs (wacc) have a very strong impact on corporate valuations, and we assume that there is no wind in the calculation of wacc
Risk interest rates of 2.50 per cent and risk premiums of 6.50 per cent may still be lower than estimated or obtained for these parameters, from 3 to 10 years, when we assume a 2 per cent growth rate in company tv, where the industry is subject to significant adverse changes, and where the company ' s continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to an overvalued company.
4. Relative valuation: we refer to the pre-existing valuation of some of the international tax-exempt champions and the company ' s historical valuation5 and the above estimates need to be further adjusted if the company has a higher share of financing to Hong Kong. Assuming a gradual recovery from the exit journey in 2023, this will lead to an increase in the company ' s corresponding income.
The Department’s hub duty-free operation began a gradual recovery in 2023, with a corresponding increase in the Māori rate, while the firm’s global tax-exempt leadership has increased its bargaining power. But it may not be as good as expected, owing to differences in the pace of recovery, the intensity of price competition, exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
However, it should be noted that, while we assume that the Māori rate has improved as a result of the hub airport increase, the associated rent rates may need to be adjusted if the return to the outlying area is lower than expected. We expect the company’s new seaport project line to open on 30 September this year, if the actual opening is delayed and demonstrated.
There is a risk of expected overestimation of performance over the next three years. Optimizations such as company management rates and other rates may fall short of expectations.
(b) The duty-free shop policy in the city of the departure of nationals may be lower than expected:
Increased number of tax-free company licences by the Government has led to dilution of the effectiveness of the company’s license plates. Systematic risks such as macroeconomics, epidemics, international political events, etc., can occur at a stage in the company’s operating environment in the face of major adverse changes in the macroeconomic or international political situation, etc.
Adverse changes; repeated and frequent outbreaks of the epidemic, which affect passenger flows, lead to pressure on operations, with the risk of a phased negative impact if the outbreak in the Hainan region is repeated. Competition in the South China tax-exempt sector may intensify, with the impact of a vicious price war during the period.
Negotiations with brand parties have fallen short of expectations. The company’s future overseas airport expansion would also be under operational pressure if it were more aggressive in adopting a higher-conditioned bid.
In Hong Kong and Macao, duty-free shops may not operate as expected in a relatively competitive market environment, companies may be expanding abroad in the future less than expected, and Hainan may be performing less than expected under duty-free competition. With the resumption of the out-of-country tour, companies may face competition from international tax-exempt leaders, and may face sales if not properly responded.
If the renminbi depreciates significantly, it will lead to a rapid increase in the prices of corporate purchases, and if the company does not effectively compensate for the above-mentioned cost increases through end-of-sale prices, there will be a downward pressure on the Māori rate. And if the renminbi depreciates, it will probably do the same.
The reform of state enterprises may be less advanced than expected, and changes in management may affect the subjective dynamics of the phase. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author