Quarterly 2025: Performance is largely in line with expectations, waiting for the results of the reforms to be shown  Performance is in line with our expectations. 1) Recovery level: sales drops affect company q1 battalion
Company q1 Autonomous Brand sales have declined significantly by the same ring ratio, with a total volume of 6.9/47,000 vehicles per car/Ann q1 batches, respectively -19 per cent/- 4 per cent per car and -50 per cent/-68 per cent per ring ratio, respectively; and a wide-air Autonomous Brand q1asp of 171,000 yuan per car/Ann/+48 per cent per ring ratio, respectively).)
There is a greater decline in the volume and volume of the reservoir. 3) Investment returns: the sales of Hiroshima Honda/Hinata Toyota 1, respectively, are the proceeds of a partial equity transfer in Giant Bay. 4) The final net profit of the company q1 on its return is $730 million to establish gh projects and to accelerate the landing of the company in collaboration with China.
Promulgates that companies will invest in the establishment of gh project companies with a registered capital of $1.5 billion. The plan is to use this project company as a vehicle to blend their strengths with China in depth, to develop foundations through joint definition and design, and to cooperate fully in a variety of areas, such as product development, marketing strategies and ecological services.
With the new architecture, the technologically leading brand of a brand new car, the first product is set at 300,000 class-class luxury, smart new energy vehicles. Companies speed up buybacks and increase investment confidence. By the end of the quarter, they will have repurchased 299 million shares.
“Gang Gas Group” (601238): 2024: Performance in line with expectations, sustained promotion of integration  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company's parent net profit expectations for 2025/2026/2027
The division’s joint branding has gradually hit the bottom, and the group’s reform has accelerated, and we believe that companies should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Review: Performance is largely in line with expectations. ... With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Oo Securities Company Limited has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.