Material material, Gold Dynamics Review of Shandong: The Golden Carrier's further extension of the broad map, the Shandong gold announcement, planned to be arranged by agreement (schemeofarrangement)
The purchase is expected to result in no more than one, the constant gold base: Henging gold is registered in the Cayman Islands.
The shares of the company, listed on the main board of Hong Kong Unions (stock code: 02303), were mainly issued 925,000,000 shares on 30 June of the year. Koshiping and Ko Jiaqi's father and son indirectly controlled 75 per cent of the shares of the growing gold, while the other shareholders held 25 per cent of the share of the growing gold.
Total equity/flow (million shares) The core assets of the Henging gold are the gold mine mining rights project located in Xinjiang.
On 31 December 2018, the gold mine retained a resource reserve of 41.646 million tons of ores, 45.570.24 kg of gold metal and an average grade of au 1.09 g/ton.
Five million tons of ore a year have already been selected, with five open mining sections, with a number of ratings: net profits are eight years high, and in the second half of the year they are not for the Irmand, Maito, Jinghybalak, the Cuong Trench and the Lions Mountains, of which the horses are the ones.
There is still room for upgrading - 2020/08/27 Ettoback and Irmand closed in 2018 and 2019, respectively, other mining areas are normally mined
Review: Full capital acquisition of tmac, solid gold dragon 2, modest discounts but fair overall, with short-term or higher market value: under the trading scheme, the Henging gold shareholders will receive 5/29 shares of each share held by them.
Tandong Gold (600547) has grown in reverse production, East Gold H shares, at a cut-off price of HK$19.08 in pre-dealing gold, and the mining business has remained steady for the first half of 2019.
The Hong Kong currency is discounted by 11.8%, but if you consider deducting each share of the special share of Heung Hing's gold, you will yield only about HK$ 3.37. Considering that Heung Hing's gold is only 16 times more than pe, but Shandong's gold is valued differently by more than 40 times p, and it is expected that the whole of the gold will be consolidated with Shandong's gold.
Given the powerful technology of gold exploration, mining and smelting in Shandong, the ability of gold to manage its assets is high, and the value of its assets may well be expected to increase. For example, in 2019, the recovery rate was only 53.7% for gold mining under the constant gold flag, compared to the gold in Shandong.
The recovery rate of 91.84 per cent for gold treatment in inland mines is expected to improve with the integration of gold mining into the Tandong gold management system, leading to an increase in production and value.3 Further expansion of the gold carrier's broad-based map, with a further increase in strategic objectives of 1455;
At the end of the 14th Five-Year Strategic Development Exchange, the total profits of the Shandong Gold Group will reach $8 billion-$10 billion; the mineral gold production will reach 80 tons before the global gold mining company.
Five. In order to achieve this strategic objective, it is our understanding that companies need to increase their domestic integration of mining resources and focus on accessing resources in strategic areas abroad (extension and acquisition); and that they need to build projects with larger hands, mainly the world-class gold industry base in Lei County.
This merger has allowed Shandong gold to have its first gold mining project in Xinjiang, further expanding the distribution of gold assets in the country.
In 2019, the equity reserves in gold were 281.5 tons and 40.12 tons, and this merger resulted in a 14.5% and 6.63% increase in the reserves and production of listed companies, respectively. In business terms, the net profits from gold in East Timor have been on average 1.1 billion yuan in recent years.
As a whole, M&A gold makes it 14.4 and the West is not bright, and trading in full shares is the best option: Shandong, gold has been expanding overseas since this year, pushing ahead with Canada's tmac.
The acquisition of resources and an offer to Australia’s cardinalresources. The acquisition of medium-sized tmac is progressing relatively well, but the acquisition of cardinal is facing competition from Russian mining companies, Nordgold.
In addition, we believe that this buy-in transaction, which is done in full-share exchange after the distribution of h shares, will allow one side to retain enough ammunition to deal with the Cardinal project in the face of the cash flow of Shandong gold.
This also shows that Shandong gold is more open-minded in terms of capital operations, taking into account good corporate performance and the process of internationalization of assets while at the same time at the national level.
With the expectation that corporate reform and transformation will continue to look at gold prices, we maintain the Shandong gold dynamic assessment: the gold carrier's further expansion of the broad-cut map of the Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.