Three Rings: Fibre-plugged phase difficulties led to a decline in the company's performance in the second half of the year, which began with the tiles of ceramics in the second half of the year.
Fibre plug-in difficulties led to a decline in the company's overall performance and a significant increase in semiconductor components.
Zhang Xin, 53.63 per cent; semiconductor component business revenue of $358 million, up from $199 million in the same period last year, shows that the sharp decline in fibre-optic core business revenue was the result of a fall in corporate performance in the first half of this year.
The semiconductor component business is the highlight of this year, thanks to new applications such as the sharing of bicycles, object networks, smart home appliances, and their increased demand for crystal frequency elements, and the rapid growth of the ceramic envelope base. Plus, Ntk is no longer taking on the new business order, gradually withdrawing from the ceramic envelope base, the three rings.
In addition, the three-ring fingerprint recognition coats have been branded this year, adding a new impetus to growth in the second half of the year. The Māori ratio remains stable, cost optimization is significant, and core competencies are highlighted:
In the first half of 2017, the Māori rate for corporate products was 46.28 per cent, a decrease of 0.78 pct over the same period last year; we saw that, despite a sharp fall in the price of the company's fibre-optic core business (from about $1 per unit price at the beginning of last year to about 0.45 now), the Māori rate for corporate products remained stable, reflecting public prices.
The Division ' s outstanding capacity for cost optimization is the result of a larger decline in net corporate interest rates compared to the Māori rate, which is due to an increase in exchange gains and losses and higher interest expenditure on discounts, resulting in an increase of $14 million in financial costs.
In the first half of 2017, Mi released the 6-ceramic version of Mi, but the delay in the release of the 6-ceramic version of Mi's cell phone was caused by the size of the middle frame of the metal and the back-ceramic cap, directly affected the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the shipment of the 6-ceramic cap went well, with hundreds of thousands of pieces in July, and very well in August, with an opening for sale. And then, with this year's rice,
The release of the micx new items (the continued use of ceramic back caps is expected) will result in a rapid increase in the production of the three-ring ceramic rear caps, which will result in a significant increase in performance for the three rings. As wireless charging applications and 5g communications progress, non-metal material cellular appetizers will arrive
1. Three rings: short-term fluctuations do not change long-term, resilient, better than other non-metal materials, which are hands-on, plastic and acquired a first-line mobile brand.
Logically, the back cap of ceramics is to be expected, and now the company's cell phone ceramics have been applied to millet 6, milliix, and three-ring groups: steady growth in the first quarter.
The machines, like phone, and the manufacturers of Samsung, vivo, Opo, Hua-Dynasty are also very heavy on the back caps of ceramics, which are expected to be rolled out in the near future.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The ceramic version will re-emerge. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.