Three Rings: Cooperation with Long Yin termination, Ceramic Shell Operations, 23 September 2017: Company ' s Public Notice on Termination and Exploition of Joint External Investments, etc., considered that as a result
Yang Minghui, the convergence of corporate cultures takes a long time to adapt to the rapid changes in the mobile phone market, and in order to improve the efficiency of management decisions, the company, in friendly consultation with other donors, has decided to terminate the operation.
▪ The two sides moved from joint ventures to cooperation, increasing the company’s flexibility. Although the two sides decided to terminate the joint venture agreement, Zhang Xin did not represent the end of the cooperation between the two sides, but instead became upstream-downstream partnerships.
In the future, this collaboration will continue. The termination of the joint venture agreement will allow the company to replicate this model of cooperation by supplying more producers with the pieces and increasing the company’s flexibility in the area of back-capacitation.
In the field of material chemistry, the company’s long-term accumulation of formulas and processes and its ability to achieve stable yields make it difficult for other producers to exceed. While the company will continue to build the whole industry chain with ceramics in the short term, in the long term, the company will take a lead in the powder and front lanes, mainly in the production of high-threshold, high-morichic macaroni. The company’s expansion will accelerate, with powder production reaching 500 tons/month by the end of this year; the ceramic magnesium production capacity will reach 3 million pieces/month by the end of this year, and by the end of next year it will be exceedingly high.
Over 5 million a month; for finished films, the company will have a monthly production capacity of 1 million by the end of this year, and 2 million by the end of next year. The accelerated expansion of the company will provide a solid foundation for the “comfort” model, with a division of labour working together to promote industrial development and a multi-winner industry chain.
The powder and the forward link are good, and the cnc processor is more focused on the back of the road, and he or she has his or her competitive advantage. At the same time, the division of labour will involve more cnc manufacturers, and it will be effective to avoid a unique one and bring about better supply chain security, and the risks will be further divided.
Disperse, and effectively eliminate, the possibility of monopolization of technology. The division of labour would be a win-win situation for companies, cnc manufacturers, and mobile phone manufacturers. The market for ceramic rear caps was more responsive and industry trends became clearer. The user's interest in ceramic rear caps is growing from the current use of ceramic rear caps.
Users are more interested in the ceramic version than in the glass version, for example, of the rice6 chosen by the two back caps of ceramics. With regard to new machines, companies have made significant progress with large-line plants such as apples, Samsung, Huaiang, oppo, vivo, etc., and it is hoped that more manufacturers will release ceramic backhands next year, and industry penetration will increase further.
▪ Profit predictions and investment proposals: the company’s traditional business, such as fibre-optic core, is nearing the end of its price reduction and its ability to maintain high levels of profitability will continue to contribute to the firm’s strong cash flow. Although the termination of this joint venture agreement is not expected by the market, we believe that the company’s ceramic back-cap operation will become more flexible after the end of this joint venture and will focus more on the high-morigin chalk, which will contribute to the continued healthy development of the plate in the future.
Three-ring group: Fibre-intubation phase difficult, leading to a decline in company performance in the first half of the year and the beginning of ceramic backcaps in the second half of the year.
Three rings: short-term fluctuations do not change long-term logic, ceramic backcaps are worth looking forward to. 3. Three rings: steady growth during the quarter.
The three major financial forecasting tables of the Three Rings Group have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.