Three Rings: short-term fluctuations do not change long-term logic, Tao July 14, 2017.
Events: Trio Group issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2017, the company achieved the first half of the year, the short-term volatility did not change the long-term logic, and the three-quarter performance growth was expected.
The company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2017, which achieved a net return profit in the first half of the year.
We believe that the company's performance in the second quarter was slightly lower than the market expectations, mainly two (1) positive price reduction effects of ceramic cores: the company's ceramic cores were actively reduced in 2016. The unit price was reduced from $1.1/bow to 0.45/bow, and the market share of the company was raised after the market was shuffled.
The rise is clear, rising rapidly from 50% of the market last year to more than 70% today. But the fall in prices has led to a drop in the company’s quarterly income, which, together with the high base in the second quarter of last year, has led to a sharper decline in the industry’s performance than in the previous year. But the demand for ceramic cores will be higher from the second half of the year.
Improved, and the future does not exclude the possibility of company price increases, coupled with the construction of fibre-optic in-house, idc, 5g network and other facilities, and the company’s ceramic core operation. 2) Post-ceramic back-cap production effects: due to the size of the porcelain 6 mobile phone and the medium frame size
But the problems are solved, the back caps are well produced, and the end of the end of the end of the six are not expected to be in short supply. In addition, China is designed for the back top of the three seasons of ceramics with Samsung.
The case is continuing, and with the introduction of the porcelain back-liding of the cellular phone, the industry, in a good way, except for the porcelain core and back-cap business, where the company's fingerprinting caps are growing rapidly and the product is nearly ten times higher than last year's revenue.
The rate of recognition and correctness of traditional glass materials has increased significantly, and market penetration has also increased steadily; pkg ceramic envelopes and molcc units are being upgraded by downstream demand, and ceramic envelopes have started to be supplied to Japanese saw filters.
And this year’s withdrawal from the traditional big ntk will also be a great benefit to the tri-ring group, whose share of the Chinese market will be divided by three producers, and the business will increase at a significant rate. Overall, the main reason for the company’s decline in performance in the first half of the year is the back-to-back porcelain core.
Covers two operations, but there will be significant improvements in three quarters. Fingerprint identification caps, pkg pottery (millions of shares) porcelain seating, mlcc, etc., are clearly faster than expected, with a high level of certainty for the future.
We believe that there will be a marked improvement in corporate performance in the third quarter, but we still judge that business turns out: a steady growth in the first quarter and a rapid growth throughout the year.
The forecast is wide enough to cause short-term market fluctuations, but the company's fundamentals are beginning to improve, and we continue to look at the company's long-term development and insist on it!
The company is so scarce that it really connects the whole industry chain, and the tri-ring group has been focusing on the development and production of advanced electronic ceramic products for many years.
A series of core technologies, such as nanograde oxidium powders, formulation, sintering, grinding, processing, etc., and the ability of the pollinator system to take up industrial heights, are at the upper end of the chain of industry, which is key to its being different from other structural ceramic manufacturers, and is very scarce.
In addition to this, the company also has the ability to manage and integrate vertically with excellent costs. The tri-ring group has full access to the formulation and production processes of the ceramic powder oxide, which is produced at a significantly lower cost than that of the competitor.
The company has also been active in expanding its product from ceramics to a variety of new materials, including metal slurry, and has outperformed Japanese manufacturers in terms of materials such as ceramics, cellular backlids, wired end wrapping materials. In addition to completing the complete replacement of Japanese manufacturers with fibre-optic plugs, the pkg envelope has also begun to replace foreign manufacturers and future domestic electronic ceramics.
In the area of consumer electronics, as a result of the increase in the speed of innovation in mobile terminals in recent years, fingerprint recognition has become a smartphone label, and ceramic appearances have been used on many mobile terminals. The company’s ceramic fingerprint lid has been recognized by the industry and entered the package.
On the back of ceramics, it benefits from innovations such as wireless charge and 5g, with mobile phone terminals moving from “metal” to “non-metal” material, and with a much more visible pottery advantage in non-metal materials. Starting with Mimix, cell phones such as 6 millimeter, etc. have used ceramics.
In addition, Samsung, Hua, Opo, vivo, among others, has a lot of interest in ceramic materials, and in the next two years there will be a marked increase in the penetration rate of the back caps, which is expected to become another 100 billion-grade market. We look forward to the company’s vertical integration advantage in ceramic products, which will be evident in three quarters.
The company’s china backdoor business was not as developed as expected, and Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.