"Sixty-Sixty Securities Research and Development Center, Heung Swe Medicine: the best option for the dawn of the era of innovation."
>The health care adjustment cycle has been significantly shortened; Innovative medicines have been approved at an accelerated rate. Since 2017, negotiations on health insurance, mainly on innovative medicines, have been negotiated annually, with the 2019 version of the health insurance initially identifying 128 medicines for inclusion in the proposed negotiated access.
Both Ni and pd1 were the largest harvests, and the efficiency of the approval of innovative medicines was significantly improved through priority approvals. The restructuring of health-care spending contributed to an increase in the share of innovative medicines.
The Health Insurance Directory provides a further space for 150 clinically ineffective varieties. The introduction of foreign innovations has accelerated, the national production of innovations has continued to grow, and the domestic supply of innovations has grown rapidly.
At the same time, assuming that the share of patented medicines (non-coupled pharmaceuticals, non-medium medicines, including imports) sold rose from 5% in 2017 to the level of Japan (approximately 45%), the size of the patented drug market was about 1.2 trillion yuan, with the domestic patented drug market growing from 600 billion in 2017 to 1.2 trillion billion and nearly 20 times more in over a decade.
Quarterly 2019 reports continued to accelerate growth, q3 one-quarter revenue growth was exceeding expectations, and R & D inputs sustained high growth Summary of performance: companies achieved operating income of 16.95 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year; net profit of 3.73 billion yuan, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same year; net profit of 3.54 billion yuan after deduction, an increase of 27.3 per cent in the same year.
>Income growth has continued to accelerate, driven by the growth of innovative varieties. 2019q3 yields and net returns to mothers have increased by $6.92 billion, 1.32 billion, or 47.3 per cent and 32 per cent, respectively. q3 income has increased at its highest rate since the first 10th quarter. The main reasons for the sustained acceleration of income growth in 2019q3 are: 1) company sales lines have been activated.
The sale of line products, the combination of Ereshare, non-Buzzhe, and the production of photograms dominated by iodine gram sarcophagus, increased rapidly first; (2) the sale of newly approved heavy-pound varieties in 2018 contributed significantly, with 19k, diagonal, and purple filamental (teprotein combination) having been approved with significant revenue, including purple filamentol (protein combination type)
3) At the end of July 2019, the company’s most heavyweight product, pd-1, was sold on the market, resulting in a certain revenue breakthrough.  a persistently high proportion of R & D inputs, and inputs and output have formed a virtuous circle.
Two billion yuan, representing 17.1 per cent of revenue, represented a 67 per cent increase in the same year, and the absolute amount and share continued to create a record of new companies. Four new clinical declarations of 1 new type of innovative medicine were made in the first three quarters of 2019, containing two 1-class chemicals and two 1-type biopharmaceuticals; by the end of September, the company had accumulated nearly 50 new types of drug, with more than 30 varieties under study, leading the country as a whole.
The company ' s research and development investment and accumulation for many years continued in 2019, and the company ' s heavy-pound pd-1 species was approved in May and officially marketed at the end of July; the new adaptive disorder at pd-1 is proceeding in an orderly manner, the single drug for liver cancer treatment has been reported, and the Apateni United for liver cancer adaptive treatment has been operating a ii phase of clinical treatment in the United States; the single drug for second-line treatment.
The end-of-life esophagus cancer, the combined pelictic cacadone front line for the treatment of late-stage non-small cell lung cancer, has been declared on the market. 21.55 per cent of the company ' s physical control has been indirectly held by Mr. Sun Yuen, Chairman of the Board since 2006 through the Heung Swe Medical Group.
The company’s core subsidiaries include all the components of drug research and development, production and marketing. \triangleright has added new subsidiaries such as Shandong Shandy, Fujian Shandi, Rui Xiao Bian and Jiangsu's original drug research and development since 2018.
After many years of development, the company has made a leap from raw materials to preparations, from imitation to innovative drugs, accelerating the pace of “internationalization” and “innovation”; > Since 2018, the company has made a major breakthrough in its innovation transformation strategy, representing several innovations in the form of pd-1, the pedolini.
The growth and development of the company will go through three stages: counterfeiting, simulating, and innovation. The company is now in a phase of concentration of innovative medicines, with an increase in the number of declared clinical and forthcoming approved varieties, until 2025.
In total, more than 10 innovative pharmaceutical products have been approved, and the growth of the company's products and future directions have led to the creation of a generic drug based on innovation.
Simultaneous pharmaceuticals focused on anti-cancer, anaesthesia, cinematography, and accelerated the pace of preparations for export; and gradual development of anti-cancer-based, self-responsible drugs
In many areas, such as immunization, cardiovasculars, and sugar-reducing medicines, they are beginning to become the most widely developed and innovative drug research and development system in the country:
(b) A breakthrough was made in the research and development of innovative medicines in companies.
Simultaneous pharmaceuticals for tumors, anesthesia, antipathy, collating, imitation.
Southwest Securities Organization \triangleright uses the model of a self-built sales team, and the rise of innovative drugs will gradually reduce the cost of company sales.
A comparison of the sales cost of some generic drugs and OTC drugs in 2018, a comparison between the sales cost of companies and comparable companies in 2018, and the maintenance of high levels of research and development inputs by companies that will support the future innovation transformation of companies.
Most of the \triangleright \triangleright approvals were issued prior to 2002, and the rate of approvals declined as registration management became more stringent;
The number of new approvals has begun, with clear gains in generic and innovative medicines, including three innovative drugs: Giuldeni, 19k, and pd-1, which will strongly support companies into a new fast-growing cycle. The company’s inter-authorization message – the number of new approved varieties is warming to the bottom, supporting a new growth cycle.
(b) The company's growing product lines, which focus on the development of clinical surgical drugs around the fight against tumours;
>The company’s future development strategy remains unchanged, with products gradually expanding to treatment areas, with the basic face combing – anti-cancer, anaesthetic, photograms – problem-oriented operations, high growth, low market penetration, and huge growth space, which will gradually grow into star business;
Anaesthetic and film-making agents - city-based operations with a city-first, with a city-to-city ratio of more than 15 per cent; Anti-infection and cardiovascular-to-do dog-type operations, with a rate of increase and a low-to-city rate. \triangleright
Innovative pharmaceutical practices: acceleration of innovation research and development by multiple policy-friendly companies
Health-care negotiations: The development of a health-care negotiation mechanism has greatly contributed to the speed and scope of the introduction of innovative medicines into health-care services, and has contributed significantly to the marketing of innovative drug terminals. Henry’s medicine has now entered the negotiating lists of Apadaloni and Pementonase, and new talks are taking place in the future.
In the catalogue, the company is expected to be the most visible in the domestic negotiations for the benefit of health insurance, with the prospect of entry. Simultaneous pharmaceuticals: Quantities procurement policy accelerates a fully innovative transformation of companies; Quantities procurement: the future will have a significant impact not only on the company as a whole, but also on the generic pharmaceutical industry as a whole.
Prices lag behind solid formulations and a 2-3-year buffer period has been secured for companies; on 15 October 2019, the technical requirements for the evaluation of injector consistency were published; comments are expected to have a significant impact on companies and the industry as a whole in 2021; companies are forced to embrace innovation in a comprehensive manner: companies have significantly reduced the number of declarations of generic pharmaceuticals over the last two years, and only select individual high-quality varieties; and companies are gradually moving forward.
Moving from a “simulation combination” to a “innovation-based” strategy. Focusing on innovative drugs, research and development remains on neoplasm, expanding into many fields such as self-immunisation, gynaecology, sugar, etc. Innovation will also continue to try to internationalize, with a combination of "pd-1+Apateni" and a ii clinical phase in the United States, with an international testing of water innovation.
The current state of innovation medicine research and development in the country in the new policy environment, the trend towards innovation has become clear, as can be seen from the number of chemicals and biopharmaceutical declarations in the country.
Innovative medicines are emerging rapidly in the country, and they are expected to increase in the future. 2014-2019q3 Number of declared clinical varieties of 1 class of chemicals in the country 2013-2019q3 Number of declared species of biological products in the country 2013-2019q3
Industry policy benefits more than corporate benefits > > On February 26, 2016, the National Pharmacy Authority will have innovative medicines, excellent generics, clinical imperatives or short markets of obvious clinical value.
Shortages of medicines are included in the priority reviews. Industry policies have greater benefits for companies than for companies.
The priority review policy reduces the approval time for priority varieties and accelerates the pace at which priority niches are marketed.
By the end of September 2019, the Cfda Drug Control Centre had released a total of 33 priority review lists, with a total of more than 900 acceptance numbers and 21 different types of companies selected as the largest number of selected companies in the country.
The negotiations on health insurance have become normal, and the company has benefited significantly from the introduction of innovative medicines. For the first time in 2017, 36 varieties were negotiated for price reductions, mainly in innovative drugs and patented medicines; 15 of its Chinese products, including a variety of innovative varieties such as Appalyni, Compap, Silver almondia and albino; and 21 of imported varieties, covering tumours, sugar and urine.
In 2018, 17 species were selected, mainly for anti-cancer purposes, to complement the 2017 negotiation list, with two types of national products, namely, Parmen winterase for Heung Swe medicine, Anrotini, and 15 types of imported species, including Oshi Téni and Afateni, which have just been listed.
As early as mid-April, the National Health Insurance Institute published the National Health Care Directory 2019 Adjustment Program, which states that the imported drugs should be those previously registered by the National Drug Control Service on 31 December 2018, but that the adjustment should be accompanied by an increase in access to the drug negotiations on the day before the polling day.
It was officially released, with 128 medicines initially identified for inclusion in the proposed negotiated access. Southwest Securities and Medicine Team view: health-care negotiations are aimed primarily at major adaptive strains, focusing on clinically effective varieties, leading to the most up-to-date, high-quality approach to clinical use; and there are high price requirements for medicines, making them affordable for both patients and health-care providers.
The negotiations will significantly improve the structure of traditional social medicines, reduce the share of many ineffective “therapeutics” and increase the proportion of innovations or large varieties that favour clinical imperatives, excellence or efficacy; for businesses, the negotiations can significantly accelerate the spread of innovative medicines and achieve “price-for-value” results. We believe that a new round of negotiations will take place in 2019, with a substantial increase in the number of negotiations from 2017 to one per year in the future.
Industrial policy has more benefits for companies than for companies, negotiations on health insurance have become normal, new special medications are available for innovation, and companies have benefited significantly from it.
The first 36 negotiation lists have been sold for more than a year and, according to sample hospital data, most varieties increased by more than 100 per cent in 2018, and access to health insurance was very visible; sales increased by far less than sales, owing to price reductions, but in most cases industrial policies have more benefits for companies than for companies.
Our core view of policy is that the era of high-morigin counterfeiting is coming to an end, and that it is the driving force behind the firm's insistence on innovation; that the age of the dividend is coming to an end, and that the cost of health insurance will be saved from the era of high-morigin counterfeiting.
The market for new medicines will become more and more regulated. The overall impact of bulk purchases on corporate generics: the evaluation of injector consistency lags behind the firm ' s solid formulations, securing a 15-day delay of 2-3 years for the company, and the publication of the comments on the technical requirements for the evaluation of injector consistency, which are expected to have a significant impact on the firm and the industry as a whole in 2021;
By that time, the company ' s innovative medicines will be large enough to offset the decline in generics and will be the only core species in the country (right America, ammonium, Oshalicon, Dositas, etc.) that can be collected in short-term defence generics.
Corporate strategy: The company has significantly reduced the number of declarations of generic medicines in the last two years, and only selects individual high-quality varieties; the company has gradually shifted to a strategy of “innovation-based, imitation-backed” strategies. Focusing on innovative drugs, research and development remains on neoplasms, expanding into a variety of fields such as immunization, gynaecology, sugar, etc.; innovation will also continue to try to internationalize, “pd-1+Apa”
The Denny Group will conduct a ii clinical phase in the United States to internationalize the test water innovation drug.
In early June, the Office of the State Council issued a priority mission for 2019 to deepen the reform of the medical health system, involving 15 documents developed by the study, 21 priorities for implementation and the development of a policy document to further deepen the medical reform through the centralization and use of medicines as a breakthrough.
(b) Quantities of varieties: based on the latest consistent evaluation, the number of new drug purchases, mostly solid formulations, containing a small number of injections, is approximately 60;
• Second round of procurement conjectures: 1) the scope of the pilot may be expanded; 2) the range of price reductions may become more moderate; 3) the winning formula may be modified and the non-single call is strong.
For those with greater clinical use and higher sales, the pilot scope has been extended to the whole country and is not limited to “4+7” cities; price reductions are likely to be moderate and shocks to pharmaceutical companies will be cushioned; changes in non-single household labels are expected to be more beneficial to companies than industrial policies are to be more harmful to companies
The impact of bulk purchases on corporate counterfeiting, industry policy on corporate benefits and disadvantages, corporate consistency evaluation of injections,
At present, the company has four consistent evaluation varieties, all of which are solid oral preparations. \triangleright industrial policy has greater benefits for the company than for the company.
Corporate consistency evaluation of injections Ammonium, Oshalicon, Dositas, etc.) A core group of species is expected to pass through the consistency evaluation of injections by the end of 2019; - company core varieties are dominated by injections, the consistency evaluation of injections is slow, and the firm's impact is delayed compared to solid formulations.
The industry policy has greater corporate benefits than corporate consistency evaluation > The company has declared 24 consistency evaluation varieties, 14 injections, 9 solid oral preparations and 1 inhaler.
Industry policy has a greater advantage than corporate consistency evaluation of injecting agents Corporate core generics have a greater use of injections, fewer injections have been evaluated through consistency, and the second batch has had less impact on companies.
Biomedicine is the leading industry in the world in research and development.
R & D power is far ahead of the US$ billion, compared to the US$ 100 million and US$ 300 million in 1979 and 1991. (In 2014, Tufts based on continuous tracking of 106 R & D projects in 10 pharmaceutical companies produced up-to-date data for the development of a new drug.)
The average cost is about $2.6 billion, including $1.4 billion in R & D spending and $1.2 billion in investment losses over the same period. The cost of innovation drugs at different stages (US$ billion) is far ahead of the national research and development power.
In 2018, the world’s top 15 pharmaceutical R & D companies, with the least expensive Entrends, also had nearly $3 billion in R & D, with firms accounting for more than 10 per cent of total operating income, an average of 19 per cent.
With Pfizer ' s Lipitutor as a classic case, the variety had accumulated sales of more than $100 billion before the expiry of the patent in 2011, several specifications of more than 10 generic pharmaceutical companies had been listed after the patent expired, and the sales volume of Lipotol had been significantly reduced, with the total global sales of original research products of only $2 billion in 2018, well below the peak of $13.7 billion during the patent period.
We're looking at the top three of the top 10 drug companies in 2018.
Data on sales of large varieties, the average sales of the top three heavy-pound varieties of these companies as a percentage of pharmaceutical income is 42%. Sales of the top ten drug companies in 2018 as a proportion of total pharmaceutical income.
Companies have identified research and development of innovative medicines as the core of their strategy, and research and development of generic medicines will be supported by research and development of innovative medicines; >In the wake of the events of “722” in 2015, there has been a significant reduction in the number of pharmaceutical declarations made by companies.
(b) After the > "722" event and the "4+7" volume procurement policy, companies concentrated on new agent types, new adaptive disorders and high technical barriers, declaring multiple generic pharmaceutical varieties with high market differentiation characteristics.
The company has a huge number of innovative drug research and development tubes, and the ladders are relatively complete, involving anti-cancer, cardiovascular, autoimmune diseases, diabetes, etc.
Major disease areas: The research and development strengths of domestic pharmaceutical companies are mainly based on the number of new drug types (chemicals + biopharmaceuticals) and generic drug varieties of 3.1, in particular \triangleright
(a) The number of new medicines in one category represents the original research and development strength of an enterprise;
\triangleright > 36 of 49 innovative medicines, 13 biopharmaceuticals, kick-off of suspended and approved varieties, and the number of innovative drugs currently in research and development is about 30.
Since 2003, the company has accumulated 49 declared innovations, five have been approved, and the Erschub (2011) and Apadaleni companies have developed chemicals with an emphasis on biopharmaceutical development and have now declared 13 1 species of biopharmaceuticals and set up biopharmaceutical production bases in Suzhou;
The Division is now in the process of recovering its innovative varieties, and several new varieties will apply for clinical treatment each year.
>Corporate innovation research and development with anti-cancer focus, expanding new major disease areas. >Corporate research and development power far ahead of the country.
\triangleright Data on R & D costs for 2011-2020e and projected R & D costs for 2011-2020e as a proportion of revenue
The company now has seven R & D centres at home and abroad, covering the entire research and development process of drug discovery and clinical research. \triangleright
The Heung Swe National Center for Research and Development has been set up at the Shanghai Research and Development Centre, where compounds, biomoleculars have been found to be responsible for upstream research and development.
Development of pharmaceuticals in industry, registration of medicines, etc.
Mainly involved in the clinical and declaration of innovative medicines, mainly in the development of high-activity, hormones, cinematography, etc.
In collaboration with Shanghai R & D, compound salting, crystal screening, Nanjing R & D development, etc.
Innovative new overseas clinical work, introduction and transfer of new drug projects, registration of fda by the U.S. Research and Development Center
Japan's R & D Center is a leading research and development agency in Japan.
Corporate R & D costs are the highest in absolute numbers and in terms of income; Companies are developing a larger number of innovative varieties and have a more comprehensive adaptive layout; >Clinic projects are increasing in the iii phase, and R & D costs are likely to increase rapidly in the future.
Since 2018, many of the company ' s innovative medicines have been marketed, including dichotrin, 19k, pd-1, and simultanium (Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Purpose).
The number of sales workers and the total number of employees is among the highest in the country; Strengthening marketing is a priority for the company in the current and coming years, and is an important means of ensuring a rapid growth in performance in the future.
\triangleright \triangleright fast growing number of sales personnel
A comparison between the number of salesmen in the company and some domestic pharmaceutical companies in 2018 The creation of 10,000 sales teams, the strengthening of liquidity The restructuring of sales based on the original marketing structure and the strengthening of product-centred marketing teams
>Sales line reform is almost complete, and a new line of sales will be added later. >Calling a 10,000 sales team, enhancing liquidity. >Corporate information on 16 core non-exclusive varieties (excluding domestic exclusive products) of the company's ranking in the domestic sample of pharmaceutical sales, which are sold
(a) More than 50 per cent of the company’s total revenue, with eight sales ranked first;
The global market for anti-cancer drugs is $100 billion; >In 2018, domestic samples of oncology hospitals sold about $27 billion, with a total actual size of about $130 billion. The market is expected to reach $300 billion in 2030.
Global market size of major drug use areas (millions of United States dollars) Core business - anti-cancer
The domestic market for chemotherapy still dominates the market for anti-cancer drugs; >10 of the top 15 anti-cancer drugs ranked in the priority urban sample hospitals in 2018 are still available as chemotherapy drugs, targeting only the core business - anti-cancer.
\triangleright Core Business - Rhodes is ranked first overall in the domestic anti-cancer market by about 15% with three pounds of monolithic anti-cancer products;
In the area of traditional anti-cancer medicines in the country, henry accounted for 8.4 per cent of the total, and the city was ranked first alongside Aslikon. \triangleright 2018 domestic market for anti-cancer drugs in sample hospitals
In 2018, the market for anti-cancer drugs at the sample hospital was occupied.
♪ Apadeni ♪ ♪ Osaliper ♪
I'm here to fight the tumor.
(b) \triangleright > 2018-2019, the company has been granted a series of heavy-pound anti-cancer products, which will consolidate the company's anti-cancer field. ]
Corporate income projections for the sale of anti-cancer medicines 2012-2021 Sales of anti-cancer medicines at sample hospitals 2012-2018 Core business - anti-cancer
(b) \triangleright, of more than 30 active species, 1 type of oncological innovator has more than 18, or more than 50 per cent;
7 anti-cancer bioinnovators and 11 chemical innovators. Core business - anti-cancer.
Prospective core business: anti-cancer innovation, pd-1, 19k, etc., has been approved since 2018 with heavy weights of anti-cancer innovation;
\triangleright \triangleright, the peak sales of these oncological innovations total over $20 billion.
Core business – Apateni's adaptive treatment is a three-line treatment for late-stage stomach cancer, which is China's second-mortality tumor; At present, there are fewer target drugs for stomach cancer globally, and Apateni has effectively supplemented treatment for second-line treatment for stomach cancer after failure.
\triangleright, domestic and international marketed gastric cancer treatment target for drugs, common name.
I'm going to have to fight this. Hercetine, Apardini.
Heung Swe Medicine vegfr-2 Ramuciumab
vegfr-2 cyramza Core Business - Anticancer Innovative Medicines
(a) Appalyni sulfonic acid (Aitan) - oral small molecular antivascular inhibitors, high heterogeneity has been an intravascular growth factor, subreceptor-2 (vegfr-2) cheese sulphate stimulant activity, which inhibits oncological production;
Apateni product (0.25g) Apateni functioning molecular mechanism
(b) >A number of well-known pharmaceutical companies have conducted several clinical studies on the treatment of gastric cancer targets, some of which are already well-established varieties (bevells, etc.) on the market.
The core business – anti-cancer innovators – showed a remarkable increase in Apateni’s new health-care catalogue, with a particularly significant increase in Apateni sales in 2018;
(b) The \triangleright “Apateni+pd-1” combination is expected to provide new sales growth space for Apatoni.
Apadeni's sales are projected to be in significant health-care coverage in 2017.
(b) >pd-1 has the most significant wide spectrum of anti-cancer target drugs to date, and the product has been placed on the market to officially move anti-cancer on a large scale into the era of immunotherapy.
Core business - Anti-cancer innovation drug pd-1 approved as the fifth in the domestic market and the third in national production; \triangleright
Compared to other domestic competitions, the comparative advantage in the cost of pharmaceutical use of a company's products is 119,000 yuan after assistance, which is only slightly higher than profit; the company will be able to achieve a rapid release of pd-1 products over the next three years, thanks to the oncological sales of more than 5,000 people. \triangleright
Core business – Anti-cancer Innovations Pd-1 Clinical Research on Different Adaptive Diseases is well advanced in the country, and three major adaptive disorders – lung, liver, and dietary cancers – are expected to be in place in 2020, with several clinical programs for pd-1 in addition to those declared on the market, leading in number and progress.
Core business - Anti-cancer Innovative Medicines Core business - Anti-cancer Innovative Medicines > 19k was approved in 2018, with a new global generic name for corporate products (Sulfur Pefian);
(b) \triangleright and quartz use long-acting products, with the two companies taking advantage of the market for the promotion of white drugs at a rapid rate.
Sample hospital g-csf sales 2014-2018 model hospital drug competition in 2018 core business - anti-cancer drugs
(b) \triangleright \triangleright \cartone is the company's first heavy-pound product in the field of breast cancer and has been approved for treatment of her 2-positive, unaccepted or unreceived.
The core business - anti-cancer innovation - was also approved in 2018 as a high-quality and improved variety for the traditional type of violet ol.
Purple filamentol (teprotein combination) is an optimist for the traditional type of filament, which has the advantage of better therapeutic efficacy, better water solubility, and minimum toxic side effects than the traditional type of agent.
In addition to Apa and pd-1, there are pelican, 19k, and violet sapol.
Future releases will drive the company's anti-cancer business to grow further. Non-cancer operations - fast-growing anaesthetic taps. In 2012-2018, the market sales for sample hospitals for anaesthesia and ancillary drugs increased from $2.52 billion to $5.09 billion, with a composite growth rate of 12 per cent;
The company’s city of anaesthesia ranked first in the overall figure for many years, with 25.5 per cent in 2018.Asyndromic drugs and their auxiliary drugs were sold in a sample hospital in 2012-2018, and competitive patterns in the market for the anaesthetic agents and their auxiliaries in a sample hospital in 2018.
Non-resistance oncology - a fast-growing anaesthetic tap Propofol is at the top of the list of high-priority domestic sales of narcotic drugs with its fast-acting, time-deactivating and awakening priorities, with a sample hospital selling 1.36 billion yuan in 2018, which is twice as high as that of HFC-270;
Heptafluoroane, right metomicine, Roquecain decibel is the largest inhaled anaesthetic, sedated intoxication, local anaesthesia non-resistive to oncology - fast-growing anaesthesia is the second largest company business, with nine anaesthesias or central neuropharmaceuticals;
(b) The company's latest narcotic crop, the new generation of ultra-short-acting whole-body anesthesia, is expected to be officially marketed in 2019 q4.
In 2015-2018, the company’s drug operations achieved a complex increase of more than 20 per cent, at a fast-growing stage;
The non-resistance of oncology-promotion product lines led to a sales of 4.180 billion yuan, a 17 per cent increase over the same period in 2018, and an overall market sales of about 15 billion dollars of iodized salt.
\triangleright City distribution of primary cinematographer drugs in model hospitals, 2018 Size of sample hospital film agent market, 2012-2018
Non-resistance product lines Iodine Buddhist and Iodine Ksalol are the core varieties of the film agent business, and the rapid growth of iodized gsalol drives the rapid growth of the film agent business.
(b) \triangleright's new approvals of poppy iodide oil and thorium platinum are expected to be new drivers of growth of the film agent;
Corporate image agent compound growth is expected to exceed 25 per cent in 2019-2021 \triangleright 2015-2021
Non-resistance oncology - the line of anti-infection products is gaining weight in new varieties. Anti-infection drugs include antibiotics, fungi, antivirals, etc., which account for about 20% of the entire chemical market; \triangleright
Anti-infection drugs account for more than 15 per cent of the public hospital chemical market, and anti-cancer drugs account for two of the first to be used in public hospitals for a long period of time.
The non-restrictive oncology business - the line of anti-infection products is the first anti-infection drug in the country, sold at $1.87 billion, representing 5.4 per cent of the domestic anti-infection market; >No more than 10 per cent of anti-infection products are sold by individual enterprises in the country, and the market is fragmented and fully competitive.
The distribution of the main products of anti-infection drugs in 2018, the competitive pattern of domestic anti-infection companies in sample hospitals in 2018, the Meropane.
I'm here for Carver, Vulcan and Mosi Shasing.
I've got the head of the thugs and the schubatans, the thirasilin and his thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs and thugs.
The non-resistance oncology business - the line of anti-infection products is gaining new weight, the anti-infection business is the company ' s traditional main business, the net approval of datocin and Capofin from 2016 to 2017 added new dynamism to the company ' s anti-infection business, good domestic competition patterns and rapid release.
Non-resistance oncology - the line of anti-infection products is gaining weight for new varieties The net approval of datocin and Capofin brings new growth points to the company's anti-infection business, which are competitively organized, \triangleright
The company's anti-infection sales revenue projections for 2019-2021 are not anti-cancer business - focused on sugar-reduced drugs.
Diabetes is one of the major slow diseases of humanity, with a high incidence rate and a need for long-term medication; China is the country with the largest number of diabetic cases worldwide, with an estimated 110 million diabetics of varying degrees in the country.
Global and regional prevalence of adult diabetes cases in 2015 and 2040 Non-resistance oncology - Focused sugar-reducing drugs
Global distribution of diabetic drugs as a proportion of all types of drug sales, 2012-2018
(b) The company has no currently approved products in the field of diabetes, but the company has focused on this area, and several innovative products are being studied.
Distribution of the main products sold in 2018 for diabetic drugs by company and municipality in the country in 2018 Non-resistance oncology - Focused Disruption Medicines
Rigretine phosphate is probably the company’s first heavy-pound degenerative and is expected to be marketed in 2020. \triangleright 2012-2018 Sigretin’s domestic sample hospital sales and speed increases
Distribution of municipalities with domestic sample hospitals with dpp-4 inhibitors, 2018
Health care classification, health care restrictions, Agretin.
Ligretine Blinkeringham.
Shagletine, the treasure.
Vigrettin.
Sigretin Mercerton.
The first sglt-2 inhibitor drug in the company has entered the iii clinical phase and is expected to be marketed in 2021.
(b) After nearly 15 years of research and development, companies began to focus on the development of pre-inventive drugs in 2018.
The company has received information on innovative medicines.
Become the company's first approved one to be marketed and sold for fast-track innovations.
2018, the first ii of the company's clinical data was approved for a new round of innovative drug research and development.
Innovative drugs have entered the harvest season. The company is the country ' s first agent exporter, starting in 2011 and is still the leader of the domestic agent export;
The company has accumulated 13 formulation products approved by fda, which will continue to grow further in the future. \triangleright has now obtained eight clinical batches approved by fda, which will become an early breed for internationalization of corporate innovation.
The company is currently effectively authorizing two innovative medicines, and two international multi-centre clinics are being or are about to be launched overseas; “Apateni+pd-1” and “Photoponi” are conducting multi-centre clinics in the United States and will be the leading players in the internationalization of corporate innovation. \triangleright
>Heung Swe's Innovative Medicines will achieve rapid release. In 2022, companies are expected to generate more than $20 billion in revenues from the sale of innovative medicines (these innovations are only 11 of the 49 that have been declared by companies to have been approved and are about to be approved), contributing about $9 billion in performance. > Because the company's core generic pharmaceutical varieties are injectors, analysed according to the consistency evaluation process of injections, the company injects 2021. >
The net interest rate for generic drugs will gradually decline as the number of procurement varieties increases and the geographical spread expands, with net interest rates projected to reach $30 billion in 2020, revenues from corporate sales are expected to reach over $10 billion for innovative medicines, and net profits from innovative medicines will outpace generic drugs; >As a result of the production of generic drugs, in 2021 companies began to fall and innovations rose rapidly; in 2022, revenues from innovative medicines will be generated.
In-country, innovation is driving firms to accelerate growth. Companies are far ahead of the country in terms of research and development and the number of new drug varieties that have already been introduced, and they are also innovations.
The innovation shift has accelerated, actively defending against the effects of counterfeiting drug belt purchases. The company’s core generic drug varieties are injectables, which are later than solid oral formulations in the consistency assessment process; we believe that similar pharmaceutical belt purchases have a 1 to 2 year delay than other firms, and that corporate innovation drugs are about to grow in volume and sales over the next two years.
Rapid rise, and a rapid shift from imitation to innovation strategies will effectively counter the negative impact of price-reduction purchases for generic pharmaceuticals on corporate incomes and performance. Risks such as price reductions for intensive oncological purchases and less-than-expected advances in innovation research and development.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There is no conflict of interest between the company and the author, to the extent that they know it, and the securities evaluated or recommended in this report, that requires disclosure or the adoption of restrictive or silent measures.