Beneficiary subsidiary product volumes, with slightly higher than expected performance The company achieved operating income of $996 million in the first quarter of the third quarter, an increase of 49.19 per cent over the same period; and the beneficiary subsidiary ' s product volumes and exchange earnings increased, with three quarterly reports reporting better than expected).
On the whole, the revenue end benefited from the growth in sales of the special tank for excavators and the main control pump valves, resulting in a 55.92 per cent increase in public revenue; and the profit end, with a 160.38 per cent increase in the net return on the mother-to-the-manufacturing ratio, slightly higher than ours, as a result of the volume-scale effects of the subsidiary ' s products, the optimized product structure, and the higher gain on the exchange.
The effect of the volume scale was significant, with an increase of 4.49 percentage points compared to the year, mainly due to increased staff remuneration, office fees and investment in fuel tanks, pump valves and research and development; the positive impact of the devaluation of the human currency resulted in a significant increase in corporate exchange earnings and a financial cost of -1.37 per cent.
Excavator-specific tank: demand increases marginal pressure, but is still robust in the short and medium term. 1) Industry, according to IED statistics, cumulative sales of 156,000 excavators in January-September 2018, compared to +53.27 per cent, have been sustained since April, while maintaining the overall high rate of increase in the single-month acceleration ring.
On the other hand, the accounts receivable line is basically normal, the demand for over-credit sales has not yet come to light, and the capital is expected to become an economy, given the fiscal and monetary policy easing set by the country's regular July meeting.
Key investment points for steady growth, both of which will support the steady sale of the Digger Tanks in 2019, Stereo hydraulic pressure (601,100): short-term benefits of the excavator landscape, medium-term non-scaling tanks, pump valve products are expected to produce 2018.9.6
Household resources are of high quality and help to withstand industrial cycle fluctuations. Nearly 50% of the company ' s specialized oil tank production is located in the firm ' s leading industry, while customers of the company ' s downstream mainframe include domestic and foreign tap dredgers, such as Carter Peter, Trinity and Xu, and the main downstream customer excavator market.
The total share is about 67.9 per cent, and companies can help to withstand industrial cycle fluctuations through size effects, brand advantages, and the construction of high-quality customers. 3) In the judgement of the top point of the current boom, consideration is given to the chain of actions of the industry's “product price increases - expansion of productive capacity - liberalization of credit sales”.
In conjunction with Xu's last winding cycle, Xu's “receivable surges - speeds down - profits see heavy equipment in non-scaling tanks: industry demand is strong, company capacity is synergizing + client booms. Short- and high-term growth is achievable. The share of the company's non-scaling sub-soil sub-soils and revenues is around:
During this period, the compound increase in earnings from non-square tank products reached 21.5%, making it a key force in the company’s efforts to counter fluctuations in the engine cycle. Overall, the non-square tank industry is in high demand, the company’s capacity is well developed and its clients are well developed, with high medium- and long-term growth likely to occur: 1)
The world ' s largest needs market for shields has grown at a compound rate of more than 26 per cent in 2012-2016, and the branding of niche products is expected to increase at a higher rate in the dry industry: 2) Considering the flexibility of the company ' s non-polluting tank capacity to switch from the excavator tank capacity to the company ' s active expansion of the non-plate tank sales channel
So, 2018h2 accompanied by low-season sales of excavators, enhanced supply capacity of non-scopic tanks, promising better performance than in the first half of the year: 3) The company continues to make a breakthrough in the outreach of high-altitude platforms both at home and abroad, and the crane tanks in the United States market have now developed dragons like Manitobak and Snowk.
Hydraulic pump valves, etc.: import replacement space is significant, with short- and medium-term performance ready for release. Hydraulic pump valves are hydraulic system power elements that have accompanied the gradual production of corporate products, plates, etc., over the past two years.
In terms of product value, hydraulic pump valves account for nearly 60% of the cost in the excavator system (of which hydraulic pumps and hydraulic valves each account for 30%), three times the cost of the tank, and the market space is significant.
In the medium- and high-end hydraulic markets, such as domestic pump valves, nearly 90% of the market, with medium- and long-term improvements in domestic technology, large import substitution space; and 2) stage production gaps, providing supply chain entry opportunities for domestic manufacturers. During the bottom of the dredging cycle, 2012-2015, foreign capital contracted its capacity to sell.
The planned production, accompanied by a rebound of engineering machinery in late 2016, limited short-term elasticity of production capacity, a widening supply and demand gap, is expected to provide the company with the opportunity to enter the main plant pump valve supply chain; and 3) a product will gradually be matched by a front-runner, with performance to be released. Since 2018, subsidiary fluids have been in supply.
Pressure technology has benefited from the production of pump valves such as the under-15t excavator, which has a full complement of master pump valves, i.e., Xu, Xu, improv and Willow, while high-altitude operating vehicles, cement pumps, spin drills, directional drills, etc., which have been reported in three quarters as a subsidiary hydraulic technology pump valve.
Income increased by 325.12 per cent on a year-on-year basis.