Performance is higher than expected, pump valves are consistently released, Nero's performance is higher than expected, and indicators show high quality of company operations. The company's performance was higher than expected in the first three quarters.
In particular, the Māori rate was 35.87 per cent, an increase of 4.5 pct over the same period last year; net interest rate was 22.81 per cent, an increase of 9.16 pct over the same period last year. Cash flow from operating activities was $371 million; roe was 17.38 per cent, an increase of 9.71 pct over the same period.
The sales of excavators continued to outpace expectations in the first three quarters of 2018, benefiting from the high demand and company downstream, mainly directed at head-head customers, and the company ' s revenue from the excavator tank product increased by 70.46 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which is higher than the increase in the industry ' s sales of excavators.
Date of initial report: 24 March 2017 Explosion, accelerated growth of pump valve revenue, high-sum revenues from hydraulic pump valve products produced by hydraulic technology Related report: performance forecast for 2018129-2017
Assessment: cyclical growth with a rapid increase in performance in 2017 resulting in an increase in the Māori rate; a scale effect and stronger corporate management, a decrease in management and sales rates; a higher exchange rate gain in the previous three quarters.
The fall led to a rapid increase in net interest rates for companies, which far exceeded the Māori rate, with companies selling 190,000 excavators year-round, yoy+35.4 per cent and expected 10 per cent increase in sales in 2019, and the company’s revenue from the oil tank dedicated to the excavator will remain secure for the future.
It's faster, and it's more market-owned. And, after a pre-combination period, production starts to stabilize, and the distribution and market-occupancy of pump-digging valves rises from the end of the year to the next year; the digging pump valves are now in the initial supply, and in the future they will be developed mainly in new tonnages.
Keeping the company's “upper” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.