The company issued the 2018 quarterly report, which generated revenue of $3.16 billion in the previous three quarters, a 55.9 per cent increase over the previous three quarters.
The net profit to the mother is 719 million yuan, an increase of 160%. Of this amount, q3 achieved income of 996 million yuan, an increase of 49.3%, and the net profit to the mother of 25.6 million yuan, an increase of 122.6%. The company continued to outperform the industry, and its performance continued to outpace expectations.
Of these, 36,119 were sold in the quarter of q3, an increase of 34.6 per cent in the same year, with the company ' s Digger Oil Tank market stable at more than 50 per cent, and tank revenue rising by 70.5 per cent in the same year, at a very high price.
Pump valves show a significant increase in performance, with mid-pump valves becoming the main growth point. Small-pump valves produced by hydraulic technology subsidiaries -- medium-pump valves -- large-pump valves have been rolled out, pump valves have seen a significant increase of 325 per cent in revenue from the same product, pump valves have outpaced the profit/loss balance point and contributed to the main growth point in performance.
The production line of the pump valves continued to expand, and the performance of the boosters continued to grow over the next two years. Cost rates dropped significantly during the period, with a significant increase in net interest rate levels. The effects of the company ' s combined Māori ratio of 2018q3 were seen in size, and capital input to the production line of the pump valves was rigid; 2) cost rates were clearly lower during the period.
Decreased by 4.2% in management costs, 5 pct less in comparison with the same year; sales rate 4.3, 0.9 pcc less in comparison with the same year, financial cost - 32.6%, from cost to income, resulting in a significant reduction of 64.4 pct. Non-scalable oil tanks, medium-dwelling pump valves, are in short supply, contributing to growth in performance over the next two years.
In the next two years, the volume of excavator sales is expected to be high, and the product of the tank will fluctuate slightly with the market, but it's unlabelled, the application of the tank is diverse, the demand is diverse, there is resistance to cyclical fluctuations, there's hope that the relay will contribute revenue, and we expect a 50% increase in the sales of the non-square tank in 2018.
With the expansion of production lines, valves are expected to accelerate import substitution and replicate the successful path of tank products. The downstream excavator sales have fallen dramatically, with the large-digger valve market not being as popular as expected, using the market price of 29 October 2018 as a standard.
The company fully benefits from the industry landscape, and the new product contribution has grown significantly. We're moving up to the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company, Inc., which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Yang Shaohui.yang@boccichina.com