High barrier growth accelerates. 30th October 2018.
During the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved operating income of $3.16 billion, an increase of 55.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit of $620 million from listed companies was realized, an increase of 136.12 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and the Māori rate was 35.87 per cent, an increase of 4.49 percentage points over the same period in the previous year.
In the first three quarters of 2018, revenues from company excavators increased by 70.46 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down slightly from 129 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2017. The cumulative sales of 156,242 excavators in January-September 2018 increased by 53.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the sales of domestic markets, the construction of beautiful villages, the infrastructure investment base economy and the roll-out of the Environmentally Sounded Countries IV standard are expected to remain high in 2019.
The company ' s dredging tank stock rose from 20% in 2010 to more than 51% at present, with a strong leader, fully benefiting from the continued sales of downstream excavators, pump valves, and promising qualitative leaps. The subsidiary ' s hydraulics, Shanghai ' s new and casting sub-firms have significantly increased their profitability, including a significant increase of 325.12% for hydraulic pump valves produced by hydraulics and 360.14% for 2017.
In the third quarter of 2017, the mini-digger pump valve was marked by a substantial breakthrough in corporate hydraulic pump valves, recognized by clients, and rapidly released. The current market size of our hydraulic industry is about $60 billion, the value of pump valves in excavators is about four times that of a tank, the market monopoly and high customer stickyness of the ITOD oil tank is expected to lead to a qualitative leap for the company.
The core competitiveness of companies, with high fuel tank and pump valve input, precision process and difficulty in R & D, lies in the accumulation of a wealth of process data over a longer period of time, with a strong process control and process control capability, in order to be able to produce a successful bulk production and enter the second phase of the foundry project, which creates the productive capacity to produce 30,000 tons of hydraulic casts per year. Companies continue to build high industry barriers and are strong in leadership, as they move downstream.
Applied markets are expanding, companies will gradually move away from downstream market cycles and open up long-term growth space.
Xianhui joined the East Hing Bond to study the mechanical industry.
The Chinese People’s University School of Economics, with its undergraduate and master’s degree, has three years of experience with companies listed in the media, mainly following up on the new energy automobile industry chain and mechanics, joined the civil securities in 2016, and the East Hing securities in 2017.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.