I'm reporting the reasons for this: Quick Report on Sales.
During the transition period of the subsidy, sales continued to grow at a high rate.
8272 vehicles and 7716 vehicles, representing a total of 3,2659 and 33,145, respectively, for the current year, with a significant increase in sales of the same value, with high performance among mid-sized customers. The monthly sales of company buses in July were 8272 and 7716, respectively, representing an increase of 92.19 per cent and 122.88 per cent, respectively, with a rise of 89.42 per cent and an increase of the ring relative to 89.42 per cent, respectively, respectively.
The market figures for large buses, medium buses, light buses, etc., show a marked increase in sales on August 5, 2019 compared to the previous month, in which both large buses and medium buses performed particularly well.
The new energy bus subsidy policy came to an end after 7 August 2019, and the new energy bus subsidy was expected to be installed early in August, with the expectation of a significant increase in the sale belt for the same period. On the other hand, August was a short period of time in the transition zone, while the transitional bus was looted.
Overdrafting of a portion of the requirements for the purchase of vehicles, which may have had a negative impact on the sale of passenger vehicles after the transition period, basic data: A drop in the overall demand for buses due to the build-up of high iron and private car penetration on March 31, 2019, and corporate and industry sales
In the long run: there is room for raising prices and looking at company developments. We believe that the increase in bus owners comes from the replacement of new energy buses and overseas operations. One is the company’s role as the leader of the bus industry.
Large- and medium-sized bus markets are well ahead of the curve, their products are well developed, their overall security is higher than marginal, and they are expected to obtain domestic orders based on their own leadership advantages; second, companies actively deploy overseas markets, push overseas operations, and are expected to increase their numbers; third, companies actively promote high-end product research and development; and one,
The shift in R & D results is expected to help companies optimize their product structure, increase their unit prices, and increase their profitability. Investment advice: companies, as leaders in the bus industry, have higher overall security margins, add up to the company’s continuous research, invest, actively configure high-end products and overseas markets, and are expected to contribute to the continued optimization of the company’s product structure.
28th floor of Trade Center, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th East Side Street, Beijing City, Central China, 7th floor of Interstate Center.
There is a risk that industry policy will be significantly adjusted; high-end products will not advance as expected; offshore operations will not move forward.
Period. Monthly sales of company buses in July increased by 92.19 per cent and 122.88 per cent, respectively, compared to the corresponding rates of increase in figure 5: monthly increases in company and industry (%): monthly sales of companies and industry increased by the same rates (%).
Figure 9: Corporate monthly sales ratio (fold) 2. Whole-car model sales increased significantly on the same basis, with large, medium-sized and light passenger vehicles showing a marked improvement over the previous month.
The largest sales of passenger-type vehicles were recorded in July, with large and medium passenger vehicles showing a strong performance, with their monthly production increasing by 152.21 per cent and 138.07 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous month's increase in the same rates, with the monthly sales of medium-sized passenger vehicles increasing by 165.25 and 154.25 per cent respectively in the short term: the looting in August was expected to continue for a short period of time, but the sales were weaker.
\triangleright, on the one hand, under the new energy bus subsidy policy of 2019 and the new energy bus subsidy period of 8 May 2019 to 7 August 2019, the new energy bus market is expected to be looted at the beginning of August, folding with a non-transitional period of 18 years.
On the other hand, the short period of time between August and the transitional period, when the demand for vehicles was overstretched, could have some negative effects on the sale of buses after the transition period, with a combination of high iron and higher private vehicle penetration leading to a drop in overall demand for buses, company and industry sales.
Long-term: there is room to raise prices and to see the company move forward. \triangleright Industry level: on the one hand, urbanization is increasing, adding the first new energy buses to the replacement cycle, and on the other, overseas
Many countries have announced a ban on traditional energy cars, and policies have driven a rapidly growing demand for new energy buses in the European region, and we believe that new energy buses and overseas operations are expected to provide a new boost in the area of buses. At the corporate level, one is the company’s leading role in the bus industry, large and medium-sized bus markets are far ahead, passenger vehicles are well-developed, and overall safety is assured.
It is higher than the marginal, and it is expected that it will be able to obtain domestic orders based on its own leadership: second, the firm actively deploys overseas markets, promotes overseas operations, and is expected to add up to the company: third, the firm actively promotes high-end product R&D, and once the R&D results are transformed, the firm is expected to optimize the product structure, increase the unit price of the product and its profitability.
The company, as the leader of the passenger-car industry, is well advanced in large and medium-sized passenger-car markets, rich in passenger-car products, high overall security margins, combined with continuous research and development inputs from the Department of Public Affairs, and active deployment of high-end products and overseas markets, which are expected to contribute to a sustained improvement in the product structure and to a steady increase in profitability.) High-end products are not as advanced as expected;
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, or for not having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.