The reason for the report is: the fast-forward review of production and sales, which have increased significantly over the same period, is to see the growth in performance brought about by overseas operations.
Not 4,367 vehicles and 4,550 vehicles, with a total of 2,4387 and 25427, respectively, for the current year.
Upgraded, the same ratio was positive, with sales of 4367 and 4550 per month increasing by 4.30 per cent and 2.62 per cent, respectively. The monthly sales of large buses, medium buses, light passenger vehicles increased by 34.64 per cent and 33.16 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous month, respectively, for medium passenger vehicles.
The transition period for new energy bus subsidies has not yet been completed and is expected to result in a partial increase for companies.
Maximum/minimum per year: transition period for energy bus subsidies, with a new energy bus market expected to be looted in July, leading to 22.14/22.14
But, overall, railway crowding of passenger bus demand, and new energy subsidies fall back, putting some pressure on bus sales, and the industry as a whole remains under pressure. Better product systems and higher performance security margins, and overseas operations are expected to increase corporate operations.
Basic data: 31 March 2019 At the industry level, the rate of urbanization has been rising, with several countries abroad declaring a ban on traditional energy cars, and new energy buses and overseas operations are expected to provide new increases in the area of passenger vehicles.
Car industry leaders, leading the city of large and medium passenger vehicles, well-developed bus products, active overseas markets with multiple channels covering Europe, CIS, the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East and six regions in Ethiopia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Pakistan, Venezuela.
With localization cooperation through kd assembly in more than a dozen countries and territories, companies are expected to expand their markets further by building up and disseminating their own strong technological experience, thereby providing companies with a boost.
Inputs and active placement of high-end products and overseas markets are expected to contribute to the continued optimization of the product structure of the company, 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, p. 11.88/11.04/10.63 per year, respectively, maintaining the company's “upper” rating.
There is a risk that industrial policy will change dramatically; high-end products will not move ahead as expected; and overseas operations will not move forward.
In terms of sales, there was a significant increase in sales of the company ' s passenger vehicles, which were 4367 and 4550 per month, respectively, compared to the previous month ' s average sales of large, medium and light passenger vehicles, which were particularly active.
In the short term: the industry as a whole is under pressure, and the new energy bus is expected to generate a partial increase. Overall, the demand for high iron and private cars is rising.
The demand for crowding-up buses, on the other hand, increases in the cost of new energy buses and sales pressures as a result of the downside of new energy subsidies, and the bus industry as a whole remains under pressure. However, with the transition to the new energy bus subsidy on 7 August of that year, the new energy bus market is expected to be reloaded in July, and the new energy bus is expected to perform better in July, thereby generating a part of the company’s growth.
Long-term: good product systems with high performance security margins, overseas operations are expected to add up to corporate business. At the industry level, on the one hand, the city’s rate of urbanization is rising, with the first new energy buses in the replacement cycle, and, on the other hand, several countries abroad have announced a moratorium on traditional energy-sourced cars, driven by policies that are expected to increase rapidly the demand for new energy buses in the European region, which we believe have new energy buses and overseas operations.
And companies are leading the bus industry, leading by large and medium-sized bus markets, well-developed passenger-car products, heavily marketed overseas, covering six regions in Europe, the CIS, the Americas, Africa, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East through multiple channels, and homegrown by kd assembly in more than a dozen countries and regions, including Ethiopia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Pakistan, Venezuela.
With this cooperation, companies are expected to expand their markets even further, with their rich technological accumulation and diffusion experience, thereby providing them with a boost. 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
The Division ' s ongoing research and development investment, its active deployment of high-end products and overseas markets, is expected to contribute to the continued optimization of the product structure of powerful companies and a steady increase in profitability. (2) High-end products are not as advanced as expected; and (3) offshore operations are not as advanced as expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.