On March 29, 2021, Gore shares published a year-round collection of $7.822 billion.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 38.9 per cent over the same period, are in line with expectations, and smart hardware vr contributes a major increase. For the benefit of vr, tws, smart enough to wear, three-quarter reviews: q3 performance matches the forecast, vr leads the way.
The demand for smart hardware products and related sophisticated zero-component products has continued to grow, and corporate revenue and net profits have increased considerably. The company collected $78.2 billion in 21 years, in line with our previous expectations of the company.
The 21-year ratio of smart hardware to +86 to 32.8 billion dollars, the ratio of revenue to +11 pcts reached 41.9 per cent, which represents a significant increase in the share of the growth dividend in the vr industry, mainly due to the strong demand in quest2 in 21, driving the growth in the performance of smart hardware operations.
In 21 years, the entire machine collected $30.3 billion, an increase of 14 per cent. In 13.8 billion dollars, the same year, arvr opened up the growth space with 23.11 per cent of the rate of Māori for the precision zero component. The cost rate for 21 years was reduced.
The total R & D and financial costs amount to $6.74 billion, with the same ratio for the period (management + marketing + finance) ranging from 1.22 pcts to 3.27%. The company focuses mainly on R & D in the fields of vr, ar, optical acoustics, and the 22-year increase in R & D costs compared to the volume of products produced has led to an increase in revenue, while benefiting from improved corporate management and production processes.
The vr market continues to have a strong capital stock, and the company's technology reserves are expected to benefit from the track dividends. There are thousands of trade outlets. Of these, oculusquest2 were sold strongly on Christmas holidays, with sales reaching 8.8 million throughout the 21-year period (over 10 million life cycle cumulatively) and vr's breakthroughs from end b to end c.
One step. According to idc data, global vr shipments are expected to reach 15.7 million in 22 years, an increase of about 44% over the same period, and new products such as quest2 upgrades and Sonypsvr2 are expected to catalyze industry demand further.
In the area of ar, we expect that the company will benefit fully from its own techniques and techniques and the existing nanopressure print production lines. In addition, the company's tws headphones, the company's headphones, the company's headphones, the company's tws, the company's headphones, and the company's tws.
Sony's game hosts and domestic clients' smart-to-dress products are expected to bring company \triangleright leaders in 2022, considering the company's leading edge in the vr track, and its technological build-up in the ar light wave guidance.
\triangleright Figure 1: Quarterly revenues, net return to the mother and their growth rates for 19-21 years
Figure 3: Rates of sales, management, research and development costs by quarter, 19-21 years
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.