Smart hardware such as vr is growing fast. Sword means semi-annual high profits. \triangleright \triangleright
The company issued a 22-year h1 performance forecast: expected net return profit of 20.8-24.2 million yuan, a year-on-year increase of 22q1 is expected, with a significant increase in non-net gains. The company achieved a profit of 20.11 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 43.4 per cent, a return of 90.0 billion yuan, a year-on-year gain of 6.7 per cent, and a non-net profit of 8.8 per cent.
vr delivered 2.75 million (of which: 2.33 million; pico: 170,000; psvr: 80,000), +24 per cent. The company ' s 22 q1 net profit, both received and withheld, has increased considerably, and we believe that this aspect has benefited from a sustained increase in the demand for products such as vr, tws and smart wearables, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, from the continued increase in demand for them.
Improved corporate management capacity and continued optimization of product production processes. \triangleright is expected to continue to grow in 22h1 camps, driven by new products from beneficiary vr.
& 2022q1 performance forecast: 21 years of performance is in line with the expected period and continues to look after vr.ar track leaders.
According to idc data, global vr delivery in 21 was 10,95 million, breaking 10 million a year.
Three-quarterly reviews: q3 performance is in line with the forecast, and vr's head is in the middle of the industry. Of these, quest2 was strong on Christmas holidays, with sales reaching 8.8 million in 21 years, and vr's breakthrough from end b to end c. According to Wellsen, it is projected that the world will be out in 22 years.
Gore shares in 2021 are reported to be: a huge increase in performance, optimism, a growth dividend in the vr sector, and consumer demand. Gore is a leading firm in the vr industry, with deep binding of Meta,
The continued development of the vr industry, both domestically and internationally, is expected to drive the growth of corporate performance. According to Wellsenn, the global output is expected to reach 470,000 (of which holollens 2:100,000) in 22 years. In the area of the ar, we expect to be engraved in the future with nanopressure.
In addition, the company’s tws headphones, game hosts, and smart enough to wear overall product lines, such as tws, games hosts, and smarts, are expected to add to the company’s revenue in 2022.
The \triangleright advantage, and the company's technological accumulation in ar light wave guidance, provides potential growth and maintains a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.