Smart hardware products are getting better, and 2022q2 is expected to continue to grow high.
• Smart hardware and wearable terminals are getting better, leading companies to increase their profits and maintain a “buy-in” rating of $20.11 billion, yoy+43.4 per cent, net profit to mothers of $90.0 billion, yoy-6.7 per cent, net profit to non-mothers of $880 million, yoy + 46.1 per cent, and the difference between non-recurrent gains and losses is mainly due
At the same time, the company has led to a doubling of revenues from the business of 2022h1 and an increase in the profitability ring of 2022q1 and a rapid growth in the company’s business of 10.14 billion yuan, yoy + 125.1 per cent of operating income.
The operation of sophisticated zero components and smart acoustics has remained stable, with sophisticated zero components earning $3.150 billion, yoy-1.4 per cent, smart acoustics running $6.57 billion, yoy+6.1 per cent, the company ' s 2022q1 Māori ratio, the production capacity of game machines, the tws headphones climbing up the slope, and the multi-product combinations driving the profits.
2022q2, the company’s profit guidelines maintain a high rate of growth, the renminbi depreciates in the short term in favour of the company, and product prices are appropriately adjusted and controlled over the medium to long term, taking into account price agreements with customers. • The company’s technological accumulation and manufacturing processes continue to evolve and are expected to remain competitive in the field of smart terminal manufacturing
The vr/ar product content end, apart from the traditional game, is expected to be continuously rolled out and more users imported. Hardware end, vr product control is shifted from the existing handles to muscle, eye control, Corporate Information Update Report-vr Terminal Confirmation Number 1.
Seethrough's xr product is expected to increase the stickyness of intelligent hardware through various new technologies. Only two growth poles, with 2022q1 performance guidelines good, are considered.
Advances, vertical integration, long-term cooperation with clients, etc., have deepened competitiveness in the area of ar/vr. Corporate Information Update 2021q3 looks at the year-round rise in the cost of raw materials and the risk of currency exchange losses.