Quarter Performance Report 2022: First quarter of 2022
Achieving business income of $20,111 million, an increase of 43.37 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother 1q22 net gain, an increase in the profit contribution of smart hardware, a larger increase in corporate business income in the first quarter of 2022, from three major lines of business
On the plate, 2022q1 achieved $6,469 million in smart acoustics, an increase of 6.10 per cent, and smart hardware, an increase of $1,0,144 million, an increase of 1.42 per cent, of which vr, smart game host, etc., accounted for a larger share of smart hardware products.
In terms of R & D costs, companies have increased their R & D investment in virtual reality and audio, optical, etc., and in the first quarter of the year.
vr/ar Developments are positive, strategic innovation and collaborative support performance The company has been active in promoting the development of such sophisticated and sophisticated hardware as acoustics, optically and vr/ar, in line with the product strategy of the Fine Zero + Smart Hardware.
q1 Performance continues to grow high, varr leads long, and as global technology and consumer electronics transition to a back-movement era, companies are on track to grow fast. 2020330
Innovative opportunities for emerging smart hardware products, taking advantage of high-quality races, and setting up the vr industry chain. Vr products have continued their past high-speed growth, with global Vr virtual real-life products reaching about 9.36 million in 2021, according to idc, a year-on-year increase.
68.6 per cent; Ar has also shown great market potential, with a global increase in the volume of real products of about 330,000 in 2021, an increase of about 13.8 per cent compared to the previous year; in the area of ready-to-use equipment, in 2021, according to ccsinsight statistics, the total amount of smart-to-use products was released.
The volume of goods was about 232 million, an increase of about 20.2 per cent in the same year, and is expected to exceed 400 million in 2026; in the field of tws headphones, according to the statistics on thefuturesource, the global volume of smart headphone products was about 300 million in 2021, an increase of the same year.
About 37%, and with the growing maturity of the product, the tws earpiece penetration rate will continue to rise. Companies actively consolidate and contract their client excellence while continuing their strategic innovation and increasing their R&D costs with a strong pool of skilled people.
As the core supplier of oculus, which accounts for 78 per cent of global vr output, companies continue to benefit from the rapid release of their products and an increase in the rate of excellence, while companies work in depth with manufacturers such as Hua, fitbit, mill, etc., and are wearing them.
The volume of revenue in the product sector is expected to continue to grow, and the company is already the second largest-generation business in Apple Airpods, while actively setting up the Andretws market, working with terminal manufacturers such as Hua, Oppo, vivo, Mi, Andre, customers.
The ratio is expected to rise further, and Apple+Andrea's two clients will continue to contribute to the industry's downside risks, end product sales below expectations, industry competitions, electronic group presentations.
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in the country between 2018 and 2020 Liu : Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Technical University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.