Retail gas operations have grown steadily, and the amount of platform gas is under pressure (600803.sh) The amount of civilian gas is 3.8 billion, an increase of 1.5 per cent. 2) Platform gas: the volume of platform gas has fallen, and the amount of platform gas has fallen.
Domestic platform gas sales amounted to 2.52 billion, a decline of 3.1 per cent compared with the previous three quarters of China, affected by high international gas prices and the relative sufficiency of the domestic supply as a whole, and by a 17 per cent drop in imports of ng in the previous three quarters of China.
1.98 million tons, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period) in general-energy operations: general-energy projects have expanded steadily, with 50.6 per cent cold heat, 45.1 per cent steam and 4.3 per cent electric power. On the late 26th day, the New Olympics shares announced a major asset purchase and related transaction plan to be directed to the Hong Kong stock.
As of the third quarter of 2025, the company had submitted to Hong Kong the application for listing and submitted to the China CSRC the application for listing and was accepted by the CSRC and completed the National Development and Reform Commission.
After this transaction is completed, the shares are expected to grow and the listed companies and the target companies are expected to make a total of 8.7 million tons in 2025 - 2029; the three-stage reception stations are full. \triangleright
By the end of 2024, the New Olympic shares were expanding rapidly. In addition, on August 6, 2025, the Grand Liquefied Natural Gas (lng) Receiving Station, Sinda Securities, Inc.
Three projects are officially delivered, with an additional 420,000 cubic metres added to the three projects, with a total tank capacity of 152 cindasecuritiesco.ltd Golden House A127 West Avenue in Beijing City West Side.b
Ten million cubic metres, increasing the capacity to discharge from 5 million to 10 million tons per year. \triangleright) Shareholder Red Return Plan and investment gains from the sale of 100% of the equity of the new energy mining industry
The company is committed to an annual cash share of not less than the core profits that were attributable to the shareholders of the listed company.
Volatile, supporting sustained robust growth of profits. With privatized port shares of the New Olympic Energy, companies are expected to grow, and the synergies of upstream and downstream integration are expected to increase.
Tons/years are expected to be released and downstream markets expanded rapidly, which is expected to boost the robust growth of direct sales. Without taking into account the impact of the privatization of New Olympic energy, we predict the New Olympic shareholding risk factor: domestic macroeconomic growth is not as high as expected, and gas consumption is not increasing as expected;
The construction of the receiving station project was less advanced than expected; domestic gas prices were lower than expected; combined energy source sales were lower than expected; privatization processes were less than expected; net profit forecasts were core profits; companies had released major asset purchase and associated trading plans, proposed privatization of the Port share of the New Olympic Energy, no
This model has not been taken into account for the next few years, when minority shareholders’ rights and interests have been or will be changed. Dr. Kwang Ming, registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Society for Geology and Minerals Economics, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee, and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (head)
For more than a decade, research and advisory services in coal and energy-related fields have been conducted under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme”, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory projects, and in June 2016, the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal Economics and Finance Research Institute, and Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister and Deputy Director of Coal Mines, former Minister of Investment and Industry, Second Sub-Ministry of Coal Industries, formerly working in coal production for many years, engaged in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of the China Institute for Research and Technology on the petrochemical economy and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Kwok Shei, two master's degree in environmental engineering at Beijing University/National University of Singapore, B.A. in environmental engineering at Beijing, with five years of experience in environmental engineering, downstream and double carbon industry studies, Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems at Austin, University of Texas, United States, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation at Tianjin University
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, applied research in virtual power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Wu Bo-Jing, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong. Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee Young, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research on coal and coal mineral intelligence, Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research on coal.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.