Qingixiang's old wine rises, products, channels, institutions are up in sync - Shanxi's wine (60809) The wine is a Qingixiang leader, and profits continue to grow
Liquor is one of the four most famous wines, and since its founding, it has been on the list five times, and its culture has been very rich. After a number of landslides, the former boss has increased his food beverages over the past 15 years as a result of the rise of popular consumption.
Long-tracking, 18-year-old flowers outperformed 25%, and product structure continued to optimize. Moreover, the price of rum has declined steadily, brand influence has been boosted through more accurate marketing, and profitability has continued to increase over the same period.
1) Benefiting from the supply side reforms in Shanxi Province, which has been growing at a high rate since 17 years, the future benefits will also be evident as the tertiary sector in the province takes the lead in rebreeding and the dividends of the tax reduction policy are effectively released; 2) In the broader context of the overall economic downturn, the current disposable income of high- and low-income groups is increasing faster than medium-sized income
Auyang Woo Swords, the income group, we believe that the sub-high end of the knuckle and the low-end light bottle baboon benefit significantly from the consumption grade and are expected to continue to enjoy the opportunity to divide the white wine industry; 3) recognition of local brands by strong regional wine companies
Higher, full product matrix cutting into sub-higher edges, better channel co-management mechanisms, judgment, we believe that strong alcohol companies in areas such as ocean rivers, wines, etc. are driven by internal drivers of the sub-national sub-highs such as water wells, housing, etc.: wine products, channels, institutional symmetry, etc.
Kwok Xiaodong 1. With the national brand folding and Qingixiang differentiation quality advantage, it is expected to further increase the market share in the sub-high-end domain; and Boone is expected to become a light bottle in the future, thanks to good wine, strong brands and lucrative channels.
For 17 years, the company has been active outside the country, and salesmen, distributors, and channel terminals have grown significantly. The future market layout of “1+3+3+13” is expected to transform the wine from a regional brand to a national brand; 3) group assets are injected, invested in war, and equity incentives are introduced.
For the first time, the company was given an “additional” rating at 28 West Side Street in Beijing.
Upgrade, we're looking at the sub-high-end green wine and the low-end bovine as a national monolith, giving company 33-Lou's mouth ring to the Hengsheng Building, 1000, China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone.
17th floor of the Central Sea International Centre, 1st and Shanxi: Qingxi, leader of Qingixiang, one of the first leaders of Qing Xiangixiang, leader of Qing Xiangixian wine.
Liquor is one of the four most famous wines in the world, and the Qing Quixiang white wine represents the business. Since the founding of the country, there have been five such competitions, including the Mau Dynasty, the Liquor, and the old Qingzhou Quang State Quichuan specials, which have a very strong culture.
In the Value Brands list, the brand is worth $37,727 billion, and it's headed by the Qing Qing Qing Liquor company.
For the first time, it was celebrated, then placed in 24th History, and became the first known record of alcohol in our history.
Dow's "Where's the wine house? The rancher is famous for the second time."