Three-flower smart control (002050.sz) Zero Refrigeration Double-wheel drive, with a 50-80% increase in net profit from the mother in 2022, benefiting from the scale effect of both operations and increasing profitability.
On the other hand, according to the Association, in 2022, the production and sale of 7,058,000 new energy vehicles and 6,887,000 vehicles were completed, representing an increase of 96.9 per cent and 93.4 per cent, respectively, and the company was a leading company in the management of heat in new energy vehicles worldwide, generating $4 billion in new energy vehicle heat management products in 2021, representing revenue from automobile spare parts operations.
In the refrigeration sector, the Department is actively pursuing the development of energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connectivity, cooking power, and storage-related operations, and promoting revenue growth. In addition, companies are not expected to recognize taxes on a regular basis in 2022.
Companies expand horizontally on new energy products, upgrade vertical component integration, and grow with mainstream new energy customers with a strong degree of certainty over the long term. Companies are based on valve products, new energy heat management parts and components, and are actively developing component integration and subsystem solutions, from “mechanical component development” to “electric development”
Sub-control integrated systems control technology solutions have been upgraded. With respect to incremental operations, the company has developed the tri-quarter review of tri-season (002050.sz) 2022 - a robust harvest, a reserve of products and technologies for energy heat management.
High-speed growth of energy clients, product expansion and product upgrading, long-term growth with greater certainty.
Quarterly q3 Review: Profitability rings improved, pe 31/27/23, corporate performance increased robustly, benefiting from the development of the new energy industry and the upgrading of its own products, increasing profitability and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
In 2022, non-recurrent gains and losses of $300 million are expected to be recognized after taxes (of which q4 is the result of a three-way retreat from the christen plant and the combined value of the real estate collection and relocation incentive for the company and its subsidiary three-flower coolers amounts to $546 million, while operating losses of approximately $215 million) unless recurrent gains and losses continue to affect firm performance.
The company ' s new energy vehicle and refrigeration operations are two-wheel-drived, maintaining a good growth momentum.1 In the case of new energy vehicles, according to the China-China Air Association, the sales of new energy vehicles in 2022 were 7.05 million and 6.887,000, respectively, an increase of 96.9 per cent and 93.4 per cent, respectively, and the company was a leading company in the management of global new energy automobile heat.
In the case of refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts, the company actively captures energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connectivity, electricity and related developments in the field of storage, and promotes revenue collection.
Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate returns (billion yuan, %) Figure 6: Māori rates and net interest rates in a single quarter of a company Based on electronic expansion valves, horizontal expansion of new energy categories, vertical technological upgrading and the development of integrated supply models
The company’s business consists mainly of air-conditioning refrigerator parts and components and automobiles, with early products dominated by quadruple valves, cut-off valves, electronic expansion valves, which, after more than 30 years of development, have become industry leaders and, on the basis of their competitive advantages, have been active in developing heat management products for new energy vehicles.
Goods, rich product-type structures, which, according to companies, are now the world’s first market holders for products such as corporate air conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadruple valves, cut-off valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, electric expansion valves for cars, integrated components for the management of new energy car heats, and omega pumps.
The company’s zero operations are gradually moving from parts and components to integrated components and subsystems, adding 7.3 million new energy units per year. The auto heat management system component technical adaptation project was completed in 2021 and is expected to increase as compared to the proposed ones.
Operations, the heat management system for new energy vehicles increases battery heat management circuits, electrical heat management circuits, adding coolers, battery coolers, electric pumps, electro-inflated valves, ptc heating or heat pump systems, etc., and the value of the core product is raised from $2230 to approximately $6410, almost twice the value of the company ' s active layout components.
Integrator and heat management systems program, upgrading from “mechanical component development” to “electronic control integrated systems control solutions.” The product expansion and consolidation technology upgrades, further raising the value of corporate heat management products on a single-car basis, with a maximum single-car value of nearly $5,000.
New energy sales have continued to increase, and the company’s zero-sum business has gone with the customers of the mainstream new energy car. In 2021, the company collected $4 billion in the new energy car heat management product, representing 83 per cent of the revenue from the vehicle spare parts business, and fully benefited from the new 10,000 and 6.887 million vehicles, representing an increase of 96.9 per cent and 93.4 per cent compared to the previous year.
The leading players in the track, working with mainstream new energy clients, including Faleo, the general public, Mercedes, BMW, Volvo, Toyota, General, Gilly, Tesla, Biadi, Upstream, Ameri, etc., are expected to grow in certainty as high-quality customers continue to grow.
In terms of incremental operations, in March 2022, the company established the Three Flowers of New Energy Heat Management Technology (Hangzhou) with a limited number of operations, mainly related to storage heat management, storage heat management and new energy car heat management, along a similar route, with a good stock of products and technologies.
Investment proposals: raise profit forecasts to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies are growing robustly, benefiting from the development of new energy industries and the upgrading of their own products, sustaining profitability.
On January 15th, the price was collected, and the current share price is 31/27/23 times that of the pe. Automobiles are the poles of heat management, updating the author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.