Forster (603806): Proprietary profitability has recovered steadily, with a little more of a new business outlet reported for: Performance rating Events: corporate revenue growth and profitability repair over time.
During the last year, the company was pressured by the volatility of particle prices and high-priced stocks, while silicon prices further reduced the bargaining power of the auxiliary material. The company’s q4 profit in 2022 reached its lowest point, the Maori rate.
The price of silicon is falling further, and unit profits are expected to rise further than q1.
In 2022, the company achieved a sales volume of 123 million square metres, an increase of 80.64 per cent, and a revenue of 1.341 billion yuan, an increase of 84.74 per cent. As a result of the higher than anticipated delivery of q1, the target was raised to 200 million square metres in 2023, an increase of more than 60 per cent.
Electronics: The whole industry chain is expanding, and the luminous membrane is expected to be released. Under the influence of the e-consumption downturn, the power storage business increased during the 2022 performance period - corporate Janey.
Of this amount, 465 million yuan was generated by the photo-dry film, with a Māori rate of 20.45 per cent, representing 91.54 per cent of the revenue from the electronics business.The new technologies are expected to create new barriers - company Jane 3. New Zeus State (300037): performance meets expectations.
A new growth curve for fluorinated industrial power - corporate revenue continues to grow, corporate profitability is gradually being repaired. Revenue growth has remained high and profit levels have been stable throughout 2022.
The effect of fluctuations, the general performance of the film industry last year, and the company ' s q1 profit level is gradually warming. In 2022, the company received $18,877 million, or +46.82 per cent of the year; the net return to the mother was $1,579 million, or -28.13 per cent of the year; and the net profit to the non-mortality of the company 2 from the calendar year (billions, per cent)
Figure 3 shows a significant recovery in profitability at single-quarter operating income and the same-year ratio (billions, per cent) at single-quarter non-mortality net profit and the same-year cycle (billions, per cent). Last year, the company was affected by particle price fluctuations and high-priced stocks.
Pressure, coupled with high silicon prices, further compressed prices. The company’s Māori rate was 15.62% in 2022, with a further decline in silicon prices, the unit profits are expected to rise further than q1.
Since 2003, companies have been able to break out of the country through autonomous research and development and large-scale expansion, gradually becoming the world’s absolute champion of photo-voltaic film. In 2021, companies accounted for more than 50% of the total, leaving a significant gap between them and other producers.
In 2022, the company generated 16,852 million yuan, an increase of 46.42 per cent, representing 89.27 per cent of total revenue. Figure 10 shows that production has accelerated with the accelerated expansion of the company ' s production capacity (millions of square metres, per cent).
In 2020, in 2022, two loans were issued for the construction of film production capacity at the Hangzhou base.
With overseas policy fluctuations, the company started overseas, and the Thai base was officially operational in 2018. The supply of Thai bases, influenced by demand in the United States and South-East Asia, reached $3.547 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 55.68%, or 21.05%.
The expansion of membrane production capacity, combined with the start-up of 250 million m2 of Viet Nam’s production base, has contributed to the expansion of South-East Asia’s component capacity. In addition, the company’s earlier overseas distribution has been ahead of other manufacturers in creating an overseas advantage, and the increase in offshore revenue has been more profitable for the company. The Māori rate of the company’s vinyl is stable, with 20.79% of the Māori outside the vinyl in 2022, compared to the current situation.
Inner height of 6.60 pct. 1.3. Celams: strong and strong, with a long line to build competitive advantages Sales end: 20 years of deep-deep farming, building customer barriers. The film, as a package material, requires a deep agreement between the manufacturer and the component firm
With R & D, a custom-made formulation suitable for the components is developed. So the industry has some conversion costs, and long-term collaboration will create a client wall.
I, Jeong-tae, Tung-wee, a new energy, and a radial of light are the company’s major clients, while the traditional overseas photovoltaic giants, Hanhua, and firstsolar, are the company’s long-term major customers. Supply chains: supply-side capabilities lead, building barriers to raw materials. Cost, particles dominate the cost of film 2022.
The annual direct material dominated by particles accounts for 93.18% of the cost of the membrane, an increase of 1.91 pct over the previous year, and is expected to account for about 86-92% of the cost of the membrane. In addition, particles are the main component of the membrane, and particles are essential to the performance of the membrane.
The company’s long-term operations are closely linked to upstream firms, and by investing in them to become a dowiculent shareholder, it is ranked first in the industry in terms of insurance payments in the case of the eva and poe. At the end of the line: R & D inputs are growing, and product performance is strong.
The same increase of 42.07 per cent, representing 3.42 per cent of operating income, maintains the industry’s absolute leadership. With sustained technological input, the company’s film products have a clear advantage over other companies in terms of permeability, volume resistance, contraction rates. 1) Technology research and development: companies invest fully in materials, formulations, equipment, processes, and a new company in Foster.
Material Research Institute with qualifications such as the Zhejiang Primary Enterprise Research Institute and the Zhejiang Province Research Centre for Light-volatile Material Engineering and Technology. 560 company technicians, or 15 per cent of the total, by the end of 2022, applied for 541 patents for inventions and 125 new patents for practical applications, with 205 patents for valid inventions and 205 new patents for practical applications, respectively.
2) Equipment self-contained: reducing the cost of investment while guaranteeing the continuous rapid renewal of products and effectively preventing the spread of core techniques and processes. Based on an understanding of product formulations and production processes, the company constructs a single/multilayer of polymer-based film-based material preparation technology that covers the process as a whole, such as squeezing processing, sophisticated coatings, controlled interfaces, high molecular heterogeneity interfaces, etc.
It is a small group of high-technology enterprises with autonomous R & D design capabilities, production and quality control capabilities for core industrial chain equipment, and a small number of high-technology enterprises with autonomous R & D capabilities. Operating end: financing capacity and cash flow management to be strong.
Among businesses, there is a greater pressure on cash flows, which leads to the creation of barriers based on the advantages of scale. The company's downstream sales are collected in the form of “account period + cash & bill of exchange” models, upstream payments in the form of “tt+lc” models, and in the case of industry characteristics, the company achieved an increase in cash flows in 2022, with a reduction in the difference between the working days of accounts receivable and the number of days payable.
The company announced its intention to issue a global depository and apply to be listed on the Swiss stock exchange. The financing power supports the company’s ability to continue to maintain its champions in an increasingly competitive environment.
The company developed backboard products in 2009 and pushed them to the market, followed by the company's research and development of a production system based on a mature cpc backboard, which became the headlines of the luminous backboard product. With technology innovations this year, the company gained a boost in the distributed market, and the high-anti-black backboards, which were launched in 2021, were the first to be found in Lungi, Sky, Crystal, etc.
The full-scale application of the Ministry’s clients became the standard product of the recent luminous backboarding industry. Billions of square metres, 80.64% more than the same year, generated business income of 1,341 million yuan, 84.74% more than the same year. With the volume of q1 shipments, the company’s global market is ranked fifth, and is expected to rank fourth in 2022.
In the future, it is expected that backboard operations will continue as capacity is released and products are differentiated. Figure 15 Company backboard receipts (billions, per cent) Figure 16 Company backboard sales (billions of square metres, per cent)
1.5. Electronics: Extension of the whole industry chain, promising release of the luminous membrane; Increased input and maturity of electronic materials. 1) Organizational structure: In 2022, a well-developed multi-tier e-material business platform was set up with the company ' s full-time subsidiary, Foster Electronic Materials Ltd., as its parent company,
A separate system of R & D, production and marketing. Specific structures include the raw materials base in Anji, Huzhou, the HQ and the product production base in Guangdong Jiangmen (under construction), the product division base in Guangdong Cheezhou, Jiang Xijian, Sichuan Suining, Guangdong Shenzhen and Jiang Sokunsan. 2) Product end: electronic materials from companies are mainly used in the electronic information field.
Pcb is manufactured with products dominated by photorestriction membrane, which is a key material for corrosive graphic etching, helping to shift pcb design lines by attaching them to the copper plate. In 2022, products were successfully imported into large pcb companies such as the dodging stock, deep south circuits, deep connection circuits, congenial electrons, Oscon, life-benefit electrons, etc., and are expected to reach more high-end customers in the future.
The company’s electronics business grew steadily and steadily in volume. The company’s electronics business grew rapidly in previous years and, owing to the low consumption of electronics, remained stable slightly higher in 2022. In 2022, electronic materials generated $508 million, square metres, synthetic resins and assistives with a capacity of 61.45 million tons, and scratched copper sheets (materials) with a capacity of 5 million flat.
Meals. Synthetic resin materials are formulaic electronic chemicals that can be used in the production of radiated dry films. Fccl is a processing base for flexible printed circuit boards (fpc) and is also a relevant area in the pcb industrial chain, where companies extend to the electronic material industrial chain, contributing to synergies, increasing cost advantages and enhancing the overall development of electronic material operations.
(1) Risk of global macroeconomic fluctuations: global economic downturn pressures in the second half of the year may have a definite adverse effect on the demand end of the photovoltaic machine, affecting the sale of film and backboards; (2) Risk of intra-industry competition: intense intra-industry competition, which may lead to sales of film and backboards, unprofitable sales
(3) Supply chain security risks: lower than expected supply of particles ineva, Poe, resulting in future cost pressures, which may result in (4) risk of upstream and downstream price fluctuations: lower than expected costs of silicon can result from upstream and downstream game games and higher than expected price reductions for components, resulting in lower than expected profits for the supporting materials.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.