21 per cent increase over the same period in the second quarter alone, t8 flow-line aiding intelligence zhangjiabo@guosen.com. cnzhangchao4@guosen.com.cn net profit from the mother 477 million (+20.76 per cent) and net profit from the non-return from the mother 468 million (+27.11 per cent), insurance
Large machines accounted for 75.13 per cent of the total; companies effectively expanded the country ' s 52-week maximum/lowest-priced medical terminal clients through products such as X8, x6 and stream lines, and the domestic market continued to increase the proportion of large aircraft installed to drive the sale of conventional reagents.
Corporate segmentation of overseas markets, implementation of regionalization management models, adoption of marketing, after-sales, market and business as one-size-fits-all management models in each region, intensification of product marketing and after-sales linkages, and overall upgrading of regional service quality.
The steady growth in the number of machines has been accompanied by continued optimization of the installation structure, laying a solid foundation for growth in overseas reagent sales. By the first half of 2024, x8 accumulated 3,170 domestic and foreign sales/installations. Gross net interest rates had increased slightly. Cost rates were stable.
72.78 per cent (+1.29pp) of instrument-type Māori benefits from sales of X series and medium- and large-scale luminous instruments up to 32.11 per cent (+2.46 pp), with Māori overseas instruments up to 39.95 per cent. New Industry (300832.sz) increased by 29 per cent from the same year in 2023, and overseas reagents increased by 29 per cent.
New Industry (300832.sz) - Net profit from maternity in the single trimester increased by 23% over the same period, investment proposals: instrumentation was steadily advanced in the first half of 2024, installation structure was continuously optimized, domestic New Industry (300832.sz) - mid-2023: 23h1
And overseas reagents showed a good growth trend in the second quarter, with autonomously developed t8 stream on the market. New Industries (300832.sz) - 2022 Annual Report Review: Mothers ' net profit increases on a year-on-year basis is expected to lead companies to break through more large medical terminals.
To the next generation of high-speed chemical luminators and biochemists, and forward-looking layout molecules and condensation operations, corporate horizontal advantages will continue to be highlighted. Keeping profit forecasts, net profit returns are expected to be risk in 2024-26; geopolitical risks; and risks in new business areas that do not expand as expected.
Figure 2: Single-season operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) in the new industry, 75.13 per cent; by effectively expanding the number of large domestic medical end-users through products such as X8, x6 and stream lines, the share of large domestic market aircraft has continued to rise, leading to a steady increase in sales of conventional reagents in the first half of the country.
• A luminometer, with a medium-sized ratio of 64.80 per cent (+10.07pp); companies gradually segmenting overseas markets, implementing a regionalized management model, using a four-tier management model for marketing, post-sale, market and business in each region; and a fully-owned subsidiary in each of the priority countries, with a stable increase in the number of installed overseas markets and a medium-sized ratio of large aircraft in each region
Upgraded to provide a solid basis for growth in overseas reagent sales. By the first half of 2024, X8 cumulative domestic and foreign sales/loading amounted to 3170. (+1.29 pp) The instrument-type Māori ratio benefited from increased sales of x-series and medium-sized luminous instruments.
32.11 per cent (+246 pp), of which the Māori ratio of overseas instruments rose to 39.95 per cent (+6.31 pp); reagent-type gross operating cash flows remained healthy. Net cash flows from company operations in the first half of 2024 amounted to $618 million, an increase of 17.46 per cent over the same period, and net operating cash flows were 68 per cent relative to the net profit of the parent, maintaining health.
In the first half of 2024, the company developed an open, fully autonomous sample processing system with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, satlarst8 and an intelligent laboratory platform, ixlab, t8 fully integrated biochemicals, immunes, electrolytes, celebrosis, molecules, five major specializations.
In this area, ixlab, which consists mainly of four major pieces of intelligence tests, smart management, intelligent scientific research, and intelligent services, is a professional data-processing and information management system that allows for the intelligentization and standardization of clinical tests. A much higher flux of Maglumix10 was released in early 2024 and is about to bring a new and more efficient medical terminal.
In reagent research and development, 18 new reagent registrations were added to the company in the first half of the year (containing chemically luminous reagents, biochemical reagents, nucleic acid tests); among them, in the areas of small molecular hormones, drug monitoring, the public administration has completed five years of building of a small molecular concentrate technology research and development platform to effectively address the current clinical presence of tests
Eight small molecular kernel reagents have now been issued with a national registration, including vulnerability, inaccuracy, etc. Investment proposals: instrumentation has been steadily advanced in the first half of 2024, installation has continued to be optimized, domestic and overseas reagents have shown a good growth trend in the second quarter, and a self-researched t8 stream is expected to lead to a corporate breakthrough.
The company’s instrument platform is further expanded to the next generation of high-speed chemical light and biochemistry, and the power of the company’s platform will continue to be highlighted by forward-looking layout molecules and condensation operations. Keeping profit predictions, the author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author