Large-scale machine ratio continues to rise with robust growth in enabling performance net profit of $868 million (yoy+26.36 per cent) and net cash flows from operating activities of $618 million Don Aiking
There is a steady increase in income from the expansion of large health-care institutions in the country and abroad.
The ratio of large aircraft installed reached 75.13% (yoy+14.58pp), the number of level III hospitals covered (yoy+22.79%), the number of chemical luminators sold reached 2,281, and the number of medium and large luminators sold increased by 10.07 pp to 64.80%.
Corporate reagent business growth is positive, corporate reagent business achieved revenue in the first half of 2024 The level of profitability of the reagent business has continued to rise, new products have been introduced and the competitiveness of the company has been enhanced. 2024h1 company sales \triangleright
The sales rate of 72.61 per cent (yoy+1.31 pp) was mainly due to an increase in sales of 1x series and medium-sized and large-scale optical instruments, an increase to 32.11 per cent (yoy+2.46 pp) in the sales of corporate instruments and an increase in reagent business income from 1.54 pp to 71.97 per cent.
The show shows that, thanks to continued high R & D inputs, companies have been launching new products, and the Maglumi x 10 ultra-high flux fully automated chemical immune analyser was launched in February 2024, better able to meet the requirements of large laboratories, and hopefully to strengthen the company's leading position in chemical light.
New instruments, such as condensation, biochemistry, molecules, etc., are entering the domestic registration stage, and the diversified layout is expected to enhance the competitiveness of companies in the field of in vitro diagnosis, providing a driving force for continued growth in the performance of companies.
Risk factors: under-production of conventional test agents, risk of failure in product development and registration, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Competition in overseas markets increases the risk.cindasecuritiesco.ltd Golden House No. 127, Wumenxi Street, Beijing West Side.b
The team of sellers worked for more than nine years in the business of credit securities, which were in charge of research in the cxo industry, and in 2023 they joined the securities in charge of research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
It is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.