Overseas markets and high-end machines continue to drive growth - New Industries (300832.sz) incident assessment report, New Industries share announcement: 2024h1 achieved business income of 2,211 million
In the first half of 2024, the company earned $796 million from its main business abroad.
This is higher than the overall increase in overseas operations and the growth in the domestic market. In the first half of the year, 2,281 fully automated chemical luminescence devices were sold, while the sales of large and medium-scale luminous instruments rose to 64.80%, an increase of 10.07 million over the same period the previous year.
The number of tertiary hospitals served in the first half of 2024 increased by 6.31 percentage points from the same year to the same year.
An increase of 101 units compared to the end of 2023, with 796 fully automated chemical luminators, with 75.13 per cent of large aircraft installed. The proportion of large aircraft installed continued to increase, with X8 cumulative domestic and foreign sales/loading amounted to 3170 units at the end of 2023.
The cumulative number of x8 installed is 2,653 and the number of 517 in the first half of the year. In 2024, q1, x 8 domestic and foreign sales resulted in the sale/loading of 220 and q2 were released in February to meet the needs of high-end customers and will continue to drive the machines in the future.
Reagent Māori rates are relatively stable, and the share of aggregate implementation is expected to increase 18.54 per cent in the first half of the year, compared with the corresponding increase in domestic reagent-type business income, which is higher than at the municipal chemically active reagent collection site, where companies are involved in projects entering group a and
Successfully selected, of which six were sex hormones with 52.91 per cent lower than the base price, eight infectious diseases with 53.13 per cent lower than the base price, two sugar metabolites with 51.88 per cent lower than the base price, taking into account the share of price reduction effects by channel distributors, and chemical luminous banks
With a national production rate of only 28.8 per cent, the share increase resulting from the implementation of the harvest will be reduced, and in recent years companies have achieved sustained high growth in their export operations, with high-end machines at the center of the company compared to upgrades and streaming, and head clients such as the 3 A hospital.
Keep moving. Watch the company's internationalization strategy layout, cover it for the first time, give "buying down the price risk, selling overseas less than expected and loading less quickly than expected."
Hubo Shin: Master ' s degree in Pharmacology, 10 years ' experience in medicine in the securities industry, who was a core member in the new wealth team for medicine.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.