• On 23 August, the company published its semi-annual report for 2024: the first half of the year saw an increase of 17.46 per cent.
27.11 per cent; net operating cash flows of $357 million, an increase of 2.82 per cent over the same period. Growth is positive, with the new generation of x-series luminous instruments and streaming line products performing prominently. In the first half of 2024, companies continued to upgrade the capacity of large-scale medical end-users in their services, pushing them.
The satlarst8 stream product and the Smart Laboratory platform ixlab was produced; a higher flux of maglumix10 chemical luminous immunoanalysis instrument was released in February 2024, with total equity/flow (billion shares)
The company’s firm development strategy, sustained overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) opens up domestic and overseas markets:
< < New industry stocktaking report: 24q1 fast-tracked 2 aircraft: 796 fully automated chemical luminous instrumentors completed in the domestic market in the first half of 2024, with 75.13 per cent of large aircraft installed; and the proportion of large aircraft installed in the domestic market continued
< < < New Industries Annual Review: Performance meets expectations, upgrades and leads to steady growth in reagent business revenues. < 3 Endpoint: Companies continue their domestic market marketing strategies through high-speed chemical luminometers
< <New Industry Stocktaking Report: Growth bright, sustained promotion of maglumix8, maglumix6 and streamline products, effective outreach to countries with high growth in overseas operations > --2023-
Number of large-scale in-house medical end-users. By the end of June 2024, the number of level-III hospitals serviced by the company had increased by 101 compared to the end of 2023, with revenues of $796 million, an increase of 22.79 per cent over the same period, including the income from overseas reagent operations.
29.11 per cent long, higher than the overall increase in overseas operations, with a positive growth trend. 2 aircraft installed: in the first half of 2024, a total of 2,281 fully automated chemical luminescence devices were sold in overseas markets, with sales of medium-sized large luminous instruments rising to 64.80 per cent, up from the same period the previous year.
10.07 percentage points: The steady growth in the number of installed aircraft in overseas markets, coupled with a steady increase in the share of large-scale aircraft, provides a solid basis for growth in overseas reagent sales.3 Endpoint: companies continue to increase localization in priority countries, in the first half of 2024
New Indonesian overseas affiliates. By the end of June 2024, the company had established fully-owned subsidiaries in 10 key overseas countries, and localization operations will accelerate the roll-out of waterline products in priority overseas areas, a new generation of X-series fully automated chemical luminous devices and a series of chemical luminescence devices.
Fluid line products have been serialized, with excellent performance and a higher value-for-money advantage, with the company Maglumix8 cumulatively selling/loading 3,170 domestic and foreign machines at the end of the month.
In the first half of 2024, with the increase in sales of X-series and medium-sized and large-scale luminous instruments, the Māori ratio of corporate instrument products increased by 2.46 pct to 32.11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with Māori rates of overseas instrument instruments increased by 6.31 pct to 39.95 per cent on a year-on-year basis; Māori rates of domestic and overseas reagent products remained stable;
This is mainly due to changes in exchange gains and losses; combined, the overall net interest rate of the company increased by 0.64 pcc profit forecasts and investment ratings on a year-on-year basis: we maintained the original expectations and the company's battalion was expected to grow robustly and maintain a “buy-in” rating for 2024-2026.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report