Keeping up with rapid growth at home and abroad and further optimizing profitability
(a) Within the country: companies with high rates of chemical photoanalysts, maglumix8, maglumix6 and streamline products, □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Effective expansion of the number of large domestic medical end-users, leading to a steady increase in conventional reagent sales. 2024h1 achieved operating revenues of $1.410 billion (+16.30%) in the country, with reagent revenues equal to 2) overseas: companies actively set up national and international expert exchange platforms, continuously build global branding influence, and
Overall improvement of regional service delivery. 2024h1 achieved $796 million abroad (+22.79%), with reagent revenues increasing by 29.11% over the same period, and 2,281 additional reloaders for the luminous instrument (large and medium-sized wholly-funded subsidiary (new Indonesian subsidiary), localizing operations driving priority regional operations abroad
Income upscaling and structural optimization continuously drive profit improvement: 2024h1 Māori ratio in company-owned business up to 72.78% (+1.29pt), mainly benefiting from higher Māori reagent product ratios. 1) Led by increased sales of medium- and large-scale emitting instruments; 2) Reagents: 2024h1 company reagent-type products
As a result of the increase in the scale and efficiency of the operation, the sales cost rate for the company 2024h1 is sustained consolidation of the advantages of raw materials and reagent research and development, and the instrument development project is steadily moving forward: the R & D of the company 2024h1 is invested in 204 million yuan (+18.81 per cent).
Growing optimization of product R & D processes through four technology platforms, and changing raw materials, reagents and instrument products. 1. [Galaxy] company review _ new industry (300832): I 1) Raw materials: companies continue to exploit the advantages of critical material R & D platforms, successful R / production of key materials slows down.
Quarterly performance met expectations, maintained better growth overseas, solved some of the problems of outsourcing of raw materials and high prices, and contributed to the continued optimization of reagent products.
The high consistency of molecular centrifugal tests with mass spectrometry has contributed to the rapid development of relevant immunization projects; Performance has been expected, with high rates of growth in domestic and foreign operations; luminous reagent products (of which the EU has access to 191 items) are among the best developed in the industry reagent menu.
3. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _ New Industries (300832): Industry Instruments: As of 2024h1, company satlarsixlab Smart Laboratories platform is online (New 4. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _ New Industries (300832): Ether
The high-speed loader continues and is expected to lead long-term performance growth (module development) with molecisionr 8, maglumix10, biossayse6plus, biossays c10 and hemoulih6 at the domestic registration stage.
Investment proposals: Companies are home-grown chemical luminous, high-end aircraft and waterlines that sustain high-speed reagent operations. We expect the company’s net return profits to be higher in 2024-2026 than expected, and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.