2024 semi-annual reviews: high-end Māori product upgrading, stable growth overseas 796 fully automated chemical luminators, 75.13 per cent of large aircraft installed;
The domestic market’s share of large-scale aircraft has continued to rise, leading to steady growth in reagent business revenues. A total of 2,281 fully automated chemical luminescence devices were sold in overseas markets during the year, while the share of medium-sized large luminous instruments increased to 64.80 per cent, an increase of 10.07 per cent over the same period the previous year; the number of machines installed in overseas markets increased by 10.07 per cent.
The steady growth was accompanied by a steady increase in the share of large and medium-sized reagents, which provided a solid basis for growth in overseas reagent sales. In the first half of 2024, revenues from major offshore operations were $796 million, an increase of 22.79 per cent compared to the previous year, with overseas reagent revenue increasing by 29.11 per cent, which was higher than the total overseas operations.
With the maglumix3, critic: performance meets expectations and marginal improvements continue to improve, maglumix6 chemical luminators and satlarst8 stream products are on the market.
The company's new generation of x-series fully automated chemical luminescence devices and waterline products have been sequenced, performed with excellent performance and a higher value-for-money advantage.
In the first half of 2024, the company, Maglumix8, accumulated both domestic and foreign performances in line with expectations, maintained a high-speed increase in sales/loading of 3,170 machines and increased sales of x-series and medium-sized luminous instruments.
The Māori rate for moving company instruments rose to 32.11%, an increase of 2.46 ptt over the same period; the Māori rate for overseas instruments rose to 39.95%, an increase of 6.31 pt over the same period. The Māori rate for domestic and overseas reagent products remained stable: the combined Māori rate for company-owned operations was 72.78%, an increase over the same period.
For companies to be the leading firms in the industry, it is expected to sustain high growth and “strategy and management risks associated with the increased size of the buying business.” Three major financial forecasts for the new industry are expected to be sustained.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.