Jiangsu Hengli (601100 CH)
Positive takeaways from plant visit; U/G to BUY
BUY (Up)
Target Price
RMB90.00
We upgrade Hengli to BUY from Hold for the first time since May 2021. We
(Previous TP
RMB58.00)
are turning positive after visiting Hengli's production base last week. In the near
Up/Downside
35.8%
term (coming months), we believe the growth (YoY) of excavator hydraulic
Current Price
RMB66.27
cylinder production in Mar, after going through a declining trend since late 2021,
China Capital Goods
suggests an early sign of turnaround of downstream demand. Besides,
production of AWP motor in Mar is expected to reach a record high, which
Wayne FUNG, CFA
years), continuous market share gain in pump & valves, as well as penetration
into global agricultural machinery component market will offer high visibility to
Katherine NG
Hengli's earnings. In addition, the commencement of production base in Mexico
(estimated annual output value of RMB1.5-2.0bn) in 3Q23E will help speed up
the penetration in the US market. We revise up our 2023E/24E earnings forecast
by 1%/10%. Our TP is raised to RMB90, based on 42x 2023E P/E, 1SD above
Stock Data
the 4-year average of 30x to reflect the acceleration of earnings growth.
Excavator hydraulic cylinder growth turns positive in Mar. We
understand that Hengli has scheduled production of 64k units of excavator
hydraulic cylinder in Mar, which represents 12% growth YoY. We believe
the growth is largely driven by Chinese OEM's orders.
Shareholding Structure
Growth of excavator pump & valve to continue in 2023E. While Hengli
has high market share in pump & valve for small-size excavator (>50%), the
share in medium-large size excavator is only ~15%. We see a high chance
for Hengli to achieve further market share gain given the solid track record
Share Performance
in cylinder, pump & valve (small-size).
Agricultural machinery component growth to accelerate. Hengli offers
motors, pumps & valves for agricultural machinery such as cotton pickers
Source: FactSet
and combined harvesters. These components carry shorter useful life than
that of excavator given the continuous operation of the pumping system.
12-mth Price Performance
This implies a large aftersales market. Against the backdrop of supply chain
disruption in Europe, Hengli captures the opportunity of penetrating into the
agriculture machinery component market in Europe. We forecast Hengli to
achieve RMB500mn revenue in overseas in 2023E (up 100%+ YoY). In
China market, we expect the import substitution trend will offer large growth
potential given the low base.
AWP motor: Surprise on the upside. Hengli's production volume of motor
Source: FactSet
(largely for AWP) is expected to reach 23k in Mar, representing 90%+
growth. We see potential for Hengli to continue to penetrate into the global
Related reports:
AWP motor market as overseas AWP OEMs are facing supply chain
China Construction Machinery -
bottleneck. As a cross check, Hengli's strong production figure in Mar also
Upbeat guidance from US AWP
manufacturers reaffirms our positive
reaffirms our bullish view on Zhejiang Dingli (603338 CH, BUY).
Earnings Summary
(link)
China Construction Machinery &
HDT Sector – 2023 outlook:
Difficulties mastered are
(link)
Jiangsu Hengli (601100 CH, HOLD)
Revenue rebounded in 3Q22;
Wait for more data points to confirm
recovery - 25 Oct 2022 (link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Our 2023E-24E EPS is adjusted for the share placement completed in late 2022.
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company, CMBIGM
Source: Company, CMBIGM
Figure 7: Change in key assumptions and earnings
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 8: Key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
We upgrade Hengli to BUY from Hold, with a new TP of RMB90 (up from RMB58). We roll
over our valuation base to 2023E and set our TP based on 42x 2023E P/E, equivalent to
1SD above the 4-year average of 30x (our previous TP was based 30x 2022E). Our above-
average P/E is to reflect the acceleration of earnings growth.
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 11: Peers comp table
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Note: Based on CMBI earnings estimates for stocks under coverage
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.