Cost control & price recovery, good coal performance Events: 27 October 2025, 3-quarter report released by Central Coal Energy, 3rd quarter 2025, Medium Coal Energy (60898.sh)
Rings increased by 0.3 per cent; single-quarter net profits to mothers decreased by 1.0 per cent over the same period; ring sales increased by 3 quarters at a price of 474 yuan/tonne or 17.0 per cent over the same period for the company ' s own-producing goods; average medium-power coal sales decreased by 12.9 per cent over the same period by 438 yuan/tonne; and refined coal was sold at a cost of 12.9 per cent over the same period.
The average price of sales was $921 per ton, a decrease of 29.5 per cent in the same year. On the cost side, the company reduced the cost by 10.1 per cent through the enhancement of the profit margin/tonne, mainly as a result of: 1) enhanced bid acquisition management and optimization of the production organization, resulting in a 4.55 ton reduction in the cost of coal materials per ton; 2)
Increased use of safety fees and discounts to reduce earmarked fund balances and reduce other costs of coal by 26.66 ton per ton. Excellent cost control effectively offsets the negative impact of falling prices and the profitability of coal operations.
Cost controls superimposed, driving the company to increase its net profit margin for q3. Lower prices & installation repairs, coal industry to cover profits. Sales volume: 984,000 tons of polyfins sold, a 13.3% decrease in the same year; urea sales, 1.805 million tons, an increase in the same year.
19.5 per cent; Methanol sales, 1.95 million tons, an increase of 24.0 per cent over the same period. For price: Tonnes of polyolefins, a decrease of 18.2 per cent over the same year; Methanol sales, a decrease of 0.6 per cent over the same year: for company polyolefin units, a cost of 6275 yuan/t, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same year;
The cost per unit of sales was 1270 yuan per ton, a decrease of 16.8 per cent in the same year; the cost per unit of sales of methanol was 1269 yuan per ton, a decrease of 28.7 per cent in the same year; the growth path was clear and the shareholder returns could be raised over time.
The coal mine in the Xinjiang Reed Trench (4 million tonnes/year) and the coal mine in the Xinjiang Reed Trench (2.4 million tonnes/year) are expected to be launched in 2026, which will lead to an increase in the company’s production volume. In terms of shareholder returns, the company’s current share of red money is still at a low level, with future capital spending peaking as the construction project continues.
The market value management requirements of the company, the company ' s share of the bonus, or the space for a greater upscaling of the company, are required by Sinda Securities Co., Ltd.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the stability of performance resulting from the high percentage of coal energy ownership in China and the growth of the industry in Beijing, Beijing, West and West Side Avenue, No. 127, accompanied by the orderly release of coal production, electricity and coal-chemicals
(b) The net annual return profit is $173/184.194 billion, each of which is a risk factor: the macroeconomic situation is uncertain; geopolitical factors affect the global economy;
\triangleright Uncertainty in industry policy related to coal power; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc. Dr., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Member, China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, China International Engineering Consultant
Member of the Pool of Corporate Experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, conducted research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning, revision of the coal industrial technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016 joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a member of the Coal Liu Hong Guang, Doctor of Beijing University and of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society. Formerly an expert, assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
Wu Bo-hyun, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the public sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemicals sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Ishi Lee-Wing, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, Li Dao, the University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, and the coal industry.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.