Deep-farming server quality track, beneficial data centre expansion Technology (68808.sh) • global memory interface chip lead vendor, covering the first “buy-in” rating
After 16 years of continuous autonomous research and development, technology has a whole series of interlocking chip products ranging from ddr2 to ddr4. In a continuous process, the technological difficulties and technical barriers to the interlocking chip have continued to increase, leading to the gradual evolution of the segmented market from competition among the first 10 manufacturers to technology, idt, etc.
As the demand for memory capacity and data transmission continues to rise, the server market is steadily expanding, providing a strong guarantee of growth in corporate performance. We expect companies to advance in the field of pcie interface chips, seizing the historical opportunity of technology over time.
The flow of the retimer chip. Similar to the memory module, the pcie interface bandwidth is growing rapidly, and there are signal decays and reference clock time reordering problems associated with a significant increase in the data transmission rate. At this point, the pcie interface requires a pcierenemer chip to ensure the reliability of the data transmission.
The retimeer chip is still in the process of development, adding to the fact that the technology has already finished streaming, or has a pre-emptive advantage. With the impact of the epidemic, server demand has remained resilient, and high-end servers have turned back, and according to idc data, the number of global servers delivered by 2020q1 is 2.58 million, with the impact of the new crown epidemic.
Less than expected, roughly equal to the volume of delivery of 2019,q1, of which more than $500,000 in high-value server demand was reversed, and there was a significant increase in server demand in the fields of pharmaceutical biology, defence, and government-owned experiments. And, the new crown, the epidemic, which accelerated developments in the fields of online office, online education, and cloud computing plants such as Ali, Tents, Amazon, etc.
There's been a lot of talk about investing in plus data centres or pushing technology's performance a little bit harder.
Consumer chip starter, 2017, stripping away the consumer electronics business: technology was created in 2004, and in 2006 the first 130 nanomdvb-s modifier in the industry applied to the top box was introduced, and the modem, decomposer and decoder soc complete chip product for the top box was gradually introduced. In 2011, the company successfully acquired Motorola Hang.
The Centre, which further enhanced its research and development capacity for consumer electronic chips, then in 2017, facilitated the transfer to technology of related companies with other consumer electronics operations. Deep-deeping deep-deep interface chip markets quickly became standard setters: starting in 2006, the company and intel started operating with the company.
Close collaboration to cut into the server market with ddr2 memory interface chips. From 2007 to 2009, the company successfully cut into the three star chains and began to provide ddr3 memory buffer chips for data centres of global Internet taps. In 2013-2017, the company focused on ddr4 clock drive chips and data buffer chips.
R & D, invented and adopted as an international standard the ddr4 full buffer "1+9" architecture, enabling companies to become the second largest supplier of global memory interface chips. Two new and emerging businesses have made significant progress, with new performance growth points gradually building up: for the capture of servers, 2019.
The first generation captures the server platform’s initial capacity for production, obtaining hardware connections, the Great Wall, etc., and working closely with the winning software and the Pepsi software on software. For the pcie interface chip, there is or will be a pre-emptive advantage in the flow of the entire retimeer chip.
Business income has grown steadily and memory interface chips have continued to expand: benefiting from the rapid development of memory interface chip operations, the recession in the server market in the second half of the year, which in 2019 caused a slight setback in the business income of technology, but with the recovery of internal demand, the business income of 2020q1 grew by 22.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In 2019, the net profit was slightly lower than in 2018, as a result of the introduction of ddr4gen2plus, which optimized the level of the Māori rate, while the three rates were positive.
There has been a decline in levels and a significant increase in investment returns. Figure 2: 2020q1 shows a 22.5 per cent increase in the annual rate of technology recovery, and figure 3: a steady increase in the net return on science and technology since 2016
The share of sales of gen2.0pus sub-products has continued to rise, with the average unit price of the interface chip products steadily rising in 2016-2019. In 2017-2018, the average unit price of the captured server product, which is still in the market period, was 5,000.
The impact of the non-payment period for electronic-generated receivables has been a significant build-up of the demand for downstream memory in 2018, with the firm ' s turnover of accounts receivable having fallen somewhat in 2017-2018. However, the turnover of accounts receivable up to 2019q4 has recovered significantly with the company.
Figure 5: 2020q1 Recovering rate of accounts receivable re-emerges, core memory interface chip manufacturers, continuously expanding memory module chip maps, deep-deep deep-deep memory interface chips over ten, and layer selections have emerged: since its inception in 2004, technology has grown.
Started to focus on the autonomous development of memory interface chips, creating a whole series of memory interfaces from ddr2 to ddr4. In the process of continuous internal interface chips, the technological difficulty of the memory interface chips and the technological barrier continued to increase, resulting in the market being shaped by competition from more than a dozen manufacturers, technology, idt, and Rambus.
Figure 6: The value of corporate memory interface chip operations has risen exponentially. Figure 7: The company accounts for 46 per cent of the market for memory interface chips.
The RAM bus provided by bitcpu is 64bit wide and each mainstream dram chip can provide 8bit wide, so each memory module requires eight dram chips to transmit data to the memory controller (in cpu). Also, due to the high data volume and transmission rate required by the server memory, each server memory module needs eccc
a dram chip. Further, in lrdimm, because each dram chip requires a data buffer to help it reduce the loss of data transmission, i.e. nine dram chips require a data buffer (db) corresponding to one that is used to store data signals in two-way buffers from memory controllers or RAM particles.
Figure 8: The ddr4lrdim memory module, consisting of 1 rcd and 9 db (dram particle 8bit) dddr5 generation, is significant. Expanding the memory module chip map: To further expand the product strength of the memory module assisted chip, technology will be rolled out to ddr5 generation power management, temperature transfer, serial detection chips.
For the first time, the memory module will incorporate the power management chip (pmic). Figure 9: The ddr4 memory module already has the temperature sensor chip and the serial detection chip, no power management chip yet.
Retimer (pcie timer) chip. According to the Technology 2019 Equity Incentives, technology uses the pcierenemer chip as a new performance growth point and sells gen4pciereter cumulatively for sale of not less than $10 million as one of the conditions for unlocking 2021.
Pcie interface bandwidth rapid growth: pci-press (pcie) is the third generation of i/o bus after the sa and pci bus, with the advantages of high data transmission speed, high resistance to interference, distance from transmission, and low power consumption. According to pci-sig, since 2010 the bandwidth of the pcie interface has increased by doubling every three years.
The pcie interface requires a pcieretimer chip to ensure the reliability of data transmissions: at the same time that the data transfer rate has increased significantly, pcie has signal decay and reference clock time reordering problems, which have become more severe as the transmission distance rises.
The signal integrity and data reliability, compensating for the loss of the high-speed signal, and improving the quality of the signal. This coincides with an iterative node between pcie 3.0 and 4.0: while the pcie interface protocol has evolved to pcie 6.0, the pcie 3.0 is still the mainstream product in the actual application.
At pcie 4.0, the pcie 4.0 retimer chip of all the world’s manufacturers is still in the research and development phase, adding to the fact that the technology has already finished the slide or has a pre-emptive advantage. Server demand continues to expand, and the voice of national producers has improved.
The year saw a steady increase in global server delivery, with a seasonal trend of increasing q1 to q4 per year, q1 being largely flat. Domestic and international server service provider chambers resisted courtesies, and the odm model was favoured: as a result of the purple light unit on 6 May 2016
Since the creation of Xinhua San, 2019q4 national production server core, with a 48.1% increase in revenue on the same date, the odm manufacturer has maintained a long-term market occupancy rate of more than 20%. The demand for high-value servers has increased, or the market for low-value servers has been frustrated, as a result of the new crown epidemic:
Hyperionresearch predicts that, affected by the epidemic, research in pharmaceutical biology may contribute to the accelerated expansion of the market for supercomputer servers ($500,000 and above), while the market for low-value working group-level servers ($100,000 and less) may shrink as a result of the postponement of orders and the migration of Hpc needs to third-party clouds.
Increased demand for medical biology, defence, and political experiments, or severe damage to geological energy, as a result of the new coronary epidemic: the demand for servers for pharmaceutical biology, defence, political experiments or positive impacts, according to hydroperionresearch predictions, while the cost of server capital for manufacturing may not be visible until 2022.
The demand for servers is likely to be the most severe shock and the signs of recovery will emerge only in 2023. (1) In 2020, the growth rate of corporate memory interface chip operations was consistent with the rate of 2020 q1 battalion and, as the global economy recovers, server demand for memory interface chips will recover gradually in 2021-2022.
(2) The company captures the progress of server business development, the continued positive growth of its customers, and the stability of the Māori rate, the global core of memory interface chips. We believe that the server market is expected to pick up faster as downstream demand warms up and the network is becoming more heavily invested in data centres.
The performance of the interface chip manufacturer in the instrument track is significantly influenced by the server landscape, which will benefit from deep warming of server demand. At the same time, the company pcie 4.0retimer and Xin speed server products also have a certain amount of exposure, with a certain margin of valuation relative to the average of the semiconductor design industry.
(a) The initial coverage of the rating given to the “buy-in.” Lower demand for the server than expected will continue to strain the company’s performance;