Technology (6880808): The world's leading provider of memory interface chips, technology.
Click here to enter text. The memory interface chip is an essential chip for the server's memory bar, and only three companies around the world can set it up.
This is a combination of technology, idt, and Rambus, and the world’s leading server-based chip-design company in Risa. The ratio is more than 40%, and Rambus is about 10%.
The current product includes, in addition to the memory interface chip, the catch suit, which continues to be upgraded, and there is also an increasing trend in the use of the single memory bar, together with the memory interface chip proxy cpu and the security memory module, which is being developed for the product.
The price increases associated with international substitution, and we expect that 30% of the market for storage interface chips will remain in pcie 4.0 retimer chips, artificial intelligence chips, etc., in the coming years.
The company’s first major shareholder is Chinese electronics (14.31%). At present, more than 99% of the company’s revenue comes from the memory interface chip.
To lead. Because the chip requires dual certification by cpu and memory chain manufacturers, high industry barriers make it difficult for new competitors to enter. Although the company has a higher concentration of downstream customers, the memory interfaces can directly affect the performance of the finished kernel, and the value of the interface chips is the entire kernel.
The price of the memory interface chip is not directly related to the price of dram particles. New business expansion will lead to higher corporate value.
Group, unlike other autonomous brands, cpu is not a self-developed processor core, but is designed using the original Intel design, plus a self-researched dynamic security control chip packaged into a cpu module, where the market position is higher for safety and requires high performance x 86 servers.
The retimer chip is a high demand chip in the pcle 4.0 era, designed to solve data transmission problems between cpu and the high-speed off-site. Both the Quick Server product and the retimer chip are technological extensions of companies in the field of data transmission and control, and they are expected to help companies open up a new track.
The values are 75, 58 and 43 times higher. For the first time, the rating is given as “recommended.” The client of the server is not as well developed as expected.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery, Incubating Technology (688008): The world's leading memory interface chip provider
The interface chip, which is the necessary memory chip for the server, was created in 2004 as a chip design company for the Fabless, which was listed in July 2019 on the Science and Innovation Board. The company was previously involved in consumer electronic chip operations, such as the cap box chip, the wi-fi chip, but has been consolidated for sale prior to listing. The company's main product is currently stored for servers.
The company’s first shareholder is China Electronic Investment Holdings Limited (14.3%), and the second shareholder is the memory interface buffer only for the server’s memory bar and not for ordinary pc or mobile phones. The memory media is dram, which serves as a bridge between cpu and hard disks (usually diskettes or nand), and the memory contains data that cpu reads and operates immediately, thus directly affecting the calculation.
Arithmetic performance. The server is a more advanced computer, and the normal pc, without buffer, does not meet the speed, signal integrity and stability requirements of the server cpu, and therefore requires additional interface chips to enhance memory performance. The memory interface chip is essential for service servers.
Figure 1: The memory interface chip is an important interface between the server memory and the processor. In the ddr4, the server memory bar was mainly in two forms: rdimm and lrdimm, which correspond to two different interfaces: chip configuration. rdimm uses an rcd chip (a sent clock chip) as an interface chip, and lrdim adds one rcd.
Add nine db chips (data buffer chips) to form a combination structure of 1+9. The interface chips can be similar to " guide " or " directory " of data. Rdimm has the advantage of providing smaller data delays, and lrdim has the advantage of providing the highest level of dram capacity support and lower loads. As technology develops, although Irdimm has a more slow layer of data.
Charges, but delays are already as high as rdimm. The selection of the two RAMs depends on the end user's needs, and the market share of lrdim is currently low, but as the server's demand for larger capacity and higher performance RAM increases, the lrdimm penetration rate may be a source of future financial growth.
Figure 2: Appearance differences between normal memory bars and server memory bars
2. Market patterns of memory interface chips The global market size of memory interface chips in 2018 was about $570 million, estimated to have increased slightly in 2019. Although the market has not been large, it has grown rapidly in recent years. Only three companies around the world are currently able to provide memory interface chips: technology, idt, and technology.
In the ddr2 era, participants in the memory interface chip market included more than 10 public ministers, including Texas instruments, Intel, Siemens, inphi, idt, and Qana, after market phase-out and consolidation, with only five competitors and three competitors in the ddr3 era and only three in the ddr4.
The ddr4 era began with a certain technological advantage and the market share rose rapidly.
Figure 4: Global market size of interface chips for 2016-2018 3. Market space growth and share enhancement is the driving force behind the growth of corporate interface chip operations. Future growth in corporate performance is measured by the growth of market space on the one hand and the growth of corporate market share on the other.
Because of the direct correlation between the use of interface chips and the use of server memory bars, the amount and value analysis is primarily focused on the product memory bars, rather than on dram particles. In terms of volume, global server output will continue to grow in the future, and individual server memory usage will increase.
In terms of prices, the price of chips has increased as a result of the inter-generational upgrading of the memory line, and in terms of the market share, the ddr5 switch may be an opportunity as a result of the lrdim penetration increase. Often, a detailed change in market patterns can occur during periods of major technological change, and ddr5 uses a different industry standard and technology than ddr4, which may be an opportunity for one of the companies in the double-dddr4.
When idt is acquired by Risa, it may be necessary to align with Risa’s strategy, and the focus of operations may not be on internal interface chips. Rambus is relatively behind in technology, and it is not easy to catch up in the ddr5.
3.1.1 Increase in volume of stocklines = increase in total number of servers + increase in stock levels in single machines. According to idc, global server arrivals in 2019 amounted to 1,174 million, a 3.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and global server sales amounted to $87.3 billion, a 1.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and gartner recorded a global server vendor volume of 1,2497,000 in 2019, a 3.2 per cent decrease in the same year.
Vendor sales amounted to $73.81 billion, a decrease of 2.5% from the same figure ($69.36 billion for 86 servers, a decrease of 1.8% from the same time). While there are some differences in statistical calibres, the overall trend is more consistent.
In the quarter of 2019, global server delivery is projected to increase at an average annual rate of 6.5 per cent in 2019-2024: idc will serve China by the end of March 2020.
Figure 6: Quarterly global server shipments, Figure 8: Annual global server shipments, Figure 9: Annual global server sales
Figure 10: idc predicts the volume of Chinese x 86 servers, the source of Eastern wealth, high-performance computers and cloud computing, and the growth of the marginal computing needs relays worldwide over the next 3-5 years. Server development has gone through one.
The process of evolution was dominated by workstations and enterprise-level servers until 2008, and after 2009, the expansion of large-scale computing and cloud computing was driven by a combination of traffic surges and server upgrades resulting from the spread of the 4g network, and the growth of the server market will continue to be driven by high-performance servers, super-large-scale cloud computing and peripheral calculations after the years of global server market size in 2017 and 2018.
Figure 11: The evolution of the main requirements of the server, coupled with the enhancement of server computing, will increase the memory capacity of the drams used on each server. This includes both an increase in the number of memory bars used by each server and an increase in the density of the drams on individual RAM bars.
According to the CLA data, 32 per cent of the demand for dram in 2019 came from servers and 41 per cent from mobile phones and end-users; 35 per cent from service servers and 40 per cent from mobile phones and end-users in 2020; 48 per cent from servers and 33 per cent from mobile phones and end-ends in 2025. As a result, it is estimated that the annual increase in the number of drams used by servers in 2019-2025 will exceed 25 per cent.
We measure the annual impact of the total dram-bit increment due to the growth in single-line capacity of the server, so that the average annual increase in the number of drams is also around 10-15%.
Figure 12: Downstream share of global dram usage (bit usage) Figure 14: Server memory bar delivery ratio Figure 13: Downstream application area distribution of dram vendor shipments (bit)
3.1.2 Increased value of the interface chip on a single memory bar One of the logic: intergenerational replacement since the dram technology entered the ddr era, the replacement from ddr2 to dddr4 is the most important technological replacement. In every ddr generation,
Due to the dram particle frequency, the interface chip is also divided into different subgenerations, for example, ddr4, roughly divided into gen1, gen1.5, gen2, gen2+4 sub-generations, corresponding to 2133mt/s, 2400mt/s, 2666mt/s and 2933+3200mt/s, respectively. Each generation of upgrades represents an increase in the speed of operation, so intergenerational replacements are ongoing and generally one sub-generation complete replacement period does not exceed 2
While the average price of the same generation fell by 10-20% per year, the increase in the penetration rate of higher-priced products led to an overall increase in average prices. According to the group consultation, the penetration rate of the industry as a whole in 2019 was about 10% for the ddr4gen 2nd generation.
Intergenerational replacement is also the main driving force behind the company’s increasing Maori rate in recent years. Figure 15: Average price indices for different sub-products of science and technology.
Figure 16: Ratio of stock to stock on different intergenerational servers Log two: Irdimm memory bar penetration increase, which may be a long-term trend, due to the clear advantages of lrdimm in terms of load reduction and maximum performance.
The price of the 10 chips (1rcd + 9db) package used on the lrdim memory line is approximately 5-6 times the price of one rcd on the rdimm, and if the penetration rate rises by less than 10% across the industry at the present time, the industry-wide revenue rises by about 3 pct. Moreover, the lrdim memory line of the ddr5 era already defines the structure of 1+10 as an industry standard, with a 10% increase in the use of chips on the single root.
At the same time, the ddr5 memory interface chip will integrate features such as power supply and temperature management, and the value of the chip will increase significantly. The ddr5 server memory forecast, which is expected to be put into the market in 2021, is expected to generate a significant market increase for the entire industry.
With the combination of these two considerations, we estimate that the RAM chip market will continue to grow at an average annual rate of more than 30% over the next few years.
In a monopolistic market, changes in market patterns are usually brought about by major technological changes. There is a so-called “law 7-2-1” in the technology sector, in which industry leaders typically account for 60-70% of a mature market, with industry second for 20-30%, and others for 10%.
While science and technology did not have a large market share until 2015, the rise in market share since 2015 was brought about by ddr4 stock market placements. The company’s early deployment of ddr4 technology, which took the lead in the dddr4 era, and its design of 1+9 were adopted as an international standard by Jedec, further proof of the advantages of corporate technology.
First, the company’s biggest competitor, idt, was acquired by Risa in the first quarter of 2019, and there is uncertainty about the future course of business. Since the memory interface chip is very demanding for the stability of performance, the main design work for the chip is usually done in 2-3 years before the market.
The process of acquisition and consolidation may have an impact on idt's research and development at a critical time when the ddr5 memory interface is planned to be placed on the market in 2021. Furthermore, Risa is a world-renowned vehicle semiconductor, and was said to have acquired the technology to auto-drive it in order to enhance Risa's influence in the car semiconductor field.
The ddr4 era’s build-up of technology has proved the technological strength of companies, in which case companies have a certain probability of developing more competitively than their counterparts.
The memory interface chip requires triple certification by the dram, cpu, and server. More than 95% of the global server cpu is x86 architecture cpu, of which more than 90% of the market share is in Intel (the rest amd), three memory interface chip manufacturers, the source of Eastern financial wisdom.
Only the technology has an interest in Intel, so as long as the company’s product skill level load standards do not exist in Intel’s certification. Third, Rambus does not have the latest lrdim solution and does not have a competitive advantage.
There has been a significant improvement. A review of the certification documents on the Intel website shows that in Rdimm2666 and 2933 products, there has been a marked increase in the range of products for which Rambus has been certified. In 2019, just as 2666 (gen2.0) products dominated the market and 2933 (gen2+) began to penetrate, an increase in the volume of certified products may have resulted in an increase in the volume of products for Rdimm in Rambus.
Although performance growth was significant in 2019, Rambus did not have any lrdim products of 2666 (gen2.0) and 2933/3200 (gen2+). Although Rambus could raise market shares at this stage, including through price reductions, it would be less likely to compete with two other rivals in the ddr5 era if it did not provide a complete solution.
4.1 The company ' s technology, which is a leading founder and executive of the original technology company, has a highly technical background and many years of industry experience that has led the company to become more technology-oriented, and the founder and chairman of the company, Yang Chong and Dr. Yang, who were elected to the United States of America in 2010, also had a strong connection with the competitor, idt.
In 1997, Dr. Yang created new technology for the development of electronic chips for communication and consumption, which was acquired by idt in 2001, and became the vice president of idt, primarily responsible for communication chip operations. In 2004, he left idt and joined Stephenkuong-lotai in creating technology, the main product of which was the top box chip.
The company has never had a dispute or potential dispute with idt in this business. Mr. Stephenkuong-lotai, co-founder of the General Manager, was involved in the creation of the Marvell Group and in its work as the director of engineering research and development.
As of the first half of 2020, the company had 105 domestic and foreign patents and 52 integrated circuit chart design certificates, and we have reason to believe that the company will continue to maintain its original source of financial intelligence in the East.
4.2 The bargaining power of downstream is not weak, and the concentration of the swim is also related to the characteristics of the storage industry, where the global dram manufacturers, Samsung, Lights, sk Hercules, account for more than 90 per cent of the market share, while the servers typically use the most high-quality dram particles, making them almost all in the server sector.
The company’s bottom-down customer for the memory interface chip is the RAM module manufacturer, and third-party module plants such as Kingston are the company’s end-user, in addition to the three crystal mills that make their own RAM products. Figure 20: Major end-user of the company’s RAM chip product
First, the memory interface chip has a direct effect on the performance of the finished chips, and the supply is also highly monopolized. As there is competition among downstream stock producers, the interface chip is essential and determines the performance of the finished product, and downstream producers cannot easily use their position to negotiate with the interface chip manufacturer.
Second, the interface chip cost is not high. The price of the interface chip on a memory chip is between tens and hundreds of yuan, not much higher than the corresponding price of the thousands to tens of thousands, and it is more easily passed on by the memory chip manufacturer, and the price of the interface chip does not fluctuate with the dram price, so the sales price of the interface chip is more influenced by peer competitors.
In 2016-2018, the Māori rate for company interface chips increased from 63% to 70.8%, and because the business costs of the Fabless chip companies are mainly derived from crystal round workers and locking costs, chip prices are a major factor affecting Māori rates in companies. Since 2016, the penetration rate of high-substance products has increased, and Māori rates have been increasing, but it is also important to note that while bargaining power for downstream firms is weak, competition among peers has been difficult to achieve a Māori ratio.
The future company’s interface chip rate of about 70% is a reasonable expectation. The source of financial prosperity in the East, figure 21: The company’s memory interface chip rate for years.
Figure 22: Corporate overall Māori ratio for years 4.3 New competitors of memory interfaces are less likely to be replaced with access and technology for downstream storage plants such as Samsung, Hercules and Light, although memory interface chips can have a direct impact on the performance of RAMs, due to technology class
The interface chip is a logical chip (part of which is a multi-mode mix), with more functionality, the processing of data and the interface with cpu: the dram chip is a storage medium, with a focus on the speed and stability of access to data, which is different from the end of the logical chip. Therefore, if the repository manufacturer tries to develop the interface chip itself, it needs to be designed by a completely new team, which is very difficult to choose directly.
A mature supplier is more cost-effective. Intel, a logical chip-long competition for the interface chip in the ddr2 era, but ddr3 exits the market at 3 o'clock, albeit with economic considerations, but it also shows the technical difficulty of the RAM chip.
Intruding in technology is an opportunity to grow when the interface chip is just born and the market is not yet large. Early in the ddr2 or ddr3 era, there were also parts of the memory that used the udim memory bars without the interface chips, but post-ddr4 service servers almost only supported the rdimm and lrdim memory bars. The performance of the server cpu will increase dramatically in the future, and the dram particle technology will not be able to do so.
With the increasing importance of buffer interface chips to meet cpu ' s needs with their own performance enhancement, they will not be replaced by technology in the short term.
The company ' s Jinn capture server platform includes products such as server cpu and secure memory module. 5.1.1 Status of autonomous brand cpu, depending on the application scenario, can be divided broadly into server cpu, desktop level cpu, and mobile end cpu.
The focus is on computing capacity and security stability; the desktop level cpu, with multiple scenario applications, is more focused on performance in consumer-grade electronics; and the mobile cpu is more focused on low power consumption. As a result, in the current market, the server cpu is mainly based on x86 structures, while the desktop level cpu is also dominated by x86 structures, and the mobile cpu is mainly based on arm structures.
The structure here refers to the handler's command set structure, which can be understood simply as the most basic translation from input to hardware execution. At present, the structure, streamlining the command set, in addition to the most common arm structures, includes a number of structures, such as mips, power, alpha, etc.
Titles are vested in Intel, md, and Wiesin, Taiwan, with less authorization from outside sources, and intellectual property in the arm architecture with more authorization from outside. Since the operation of the operating system is directly linked to the command set structure, only cpu of the X86 structure can be transported during the solid period of the “wintel coalition” - generally speaking, the design level of cpu can be divided into three levels of command setup, micronuclear, physical realization, and the level of authorization generally corresponds to the same level.
Structural authorization, soft nuclear authorization, hard nuclear authorization, and so on. Structure-authorized firms will only get a standard definition of the structure, and specific cabling and realization will require the company to do it itself, and will therefore be more liberal, but also the most difficult. Soft and hard nuclear authorization, to varying degrees, authorizes more detailed drawings, with less room for change on the recipient side.
Most of the current national cpu was born to achieve autonomous control, so most of the devices were developed in the framework of a streamlined command set, after obtaining a framework authorization. Of these, China has a permanent 64-bit structure of armv8 for both Heith and Tianjin. It designs its own kernels of cpu and Flyingcpu; the core has a mips mandate, although the mips structure cpu is currently rare, but the core is highly autonomous.
The development of the core has also contributed to the development of the mips architecture. In the framework of the complex command set, both the current sea light and the ostensible cores cannot be truly autonomous, owing to the very limited mandate of x86.
Our main national product, cpu, is more likely to achieve autonomous control, so it is more likely to develop its own processor core after obtaining a command set or microstructure authorization. Unlike these national productions, cpu is not redevelopment of the processor core, but instead uses the original Intel core design, plus a dedicated DSS (dsc) functional core package, which is enclosed with the entire cpu module. Therefore, the construction of cpu is not "from"
Mainly designed cpu, but integrated into an autonomous security monitoring technology, Intelx86 architecture cpu. The business model, although not autonomously controlled by the core of cpu, can be commercialized relatively quickly.
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc.
Chip design, Qinghua University provides algorithms for re-assembly processors rcp, Intel provides generic cpu inner core chips, and the brand and product ownership of Xin Quick cpu is entangled in the company. The mixed security memory module is an independent development of technology.
What is dynamic security monitoring technology (dsc)?
But in recent years, it has been found that there may be loopholes in hardware, such as hardware holes or front doors, or artificially added hardware wooden horses or back doors. These holes may be a circuit that is not available in daily use, but, once activated in some way, they may affect the security of the system, such as data theft or system dead machines.
Software is easy to solve. To monitor the hardware behaviour of cpu and the system, an additional "firewall" is required at the hardware level, i.e. an additional dedicated prosecution chip. The dsc technology used on the ZZS server platform is to achieve real-time monitoring of cpu behavior and ensure that cpu does not conduct suspicious arrest platforms with the dsc system, mainly recomputable chip rcp, input output data detector chip and memory data detect mtr core.
. The rcp chip, the intr chip, is enclosed with the core of the intel cpu, and the intr chip group is attached to the RAM module. The rcp chip is responsible for monitoring cpu's behavior, the intr and the mtr chip is responsible for tracking the extraction of data.
Figure 24: Security mapping of computer systems, where is the market position of the capture server platform? Clearly, the capture server cpu has barely changed the original Intel-to-Step Processor performance and parameters, so the market is still dominated by Intel.
The market in which the x86 server cpu is located. Some commercial customers with high performance x 86 handlers may be interested in the Jincpu platform, for example, in government, telecommunications, finance, as a result of the introduction of a dynamic security monitoring system.
The price of cpu is not 20% higher than that of the original Intelcpu. And the average cost of the dsc module chip group will decrease as the volume of output increases, and lower prices will facilitate the growth of cpu in more commercial customers.
The capture of server platform products by companies that focus on data detection chips related to memory and input output is part of their own area of expertise, with a certain technological base. By obtaining authorization, the Intel chip is sold “packaged” by purchasing incoming goods, and it opens markets for Intel in a number of areas of higher security demand in China, a cooperative model that avoids direct competition with Intel and achieves a win-win partnership at the present time.
In the international environment, the likelihood of domestic customers’ demand for Xin Quickcpu has increased significantly, and if the market expands well, the business is expected to bring considerable benefits to the company in China City.
Science (68808): The world's leading memory interface chip provider, 5.2pcle4.0retimer chip pcie, full name peripheralcomponentinterconnectationpress, i.e. fast-forward connectivity standard, released by Intel in 2004
The computer platform's internal wiring standards (other standards are available earlier), and the usual card slots on the computer's main board are pcle interfaces. Roots, depending on the bandwidth, pcie interfaces can be set in different forms from x1 to x16, with bandwidth compared to total transmission speeds.
The pcie interface consists of multiple chips, the retimer chip (time-sequencing chip or re-templater) is the chip in the pcie interface for the reordering of the signal time series and compensation for the loss of the beacon. The importance of retimmer in the pclue 3.0 era is not significant, but the standard transmission rate of 4.0 is doubled to 16gt/s.
The impact on the integrity of the signal during such high-speed transmissions is significant, and retimer is one of the key interface chips.
If the memory interface chip solves the problem of data transfer between cpu and high-speed memory, the pcle interface solves the problem of data transfer between cpu and high-speed externalities. As data processing increases, the most closely related memory data transfer question with cpu first emerges, with the creation of the memory interface buffer chip; with the development of large data and artificial intelligence, it is not a bottleneck in the server.
cpu's problems with data transmission from external equipment will also be reflected in the pcie 4.0 era, so the market space for the retimmer chip may exist. In 2019, the company completed the pcle 4.0 retimmer chip sample and sent samples to potential clients for a test evaluation in the first half of 2020.
The interface chip is technically similar, and we have reason to believe in the company’s R & D capabilities in this area. Moreover, the company’s use of “the completion of gen4pcleitimmer research and development and industrialization by 2021 to achieve a cumulative sales value of not less than $10 million” as a requirement for part-of-equity incentives in the current period adds to our confidence in the company’s expansion of the market of pcle 4.0 retimer.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: server dram's bit demand is about 25 per cent of the compound acceleration over the next five years, with the server's memory line output increasing at 10-12 per cent; lrdim's penetration for the ddr4 and dddr5 periods remains around 5-7 per cent;
(b) The price of science and technology products fell from 10 to 20 per cent annually and the initial price of ddr5gen1.0 products was higher than the initial price of ddr4gen2+;
(b) The pcle 4.0 retimer chip can be pushed to the market according to the plan:
(b) Global server output is below expectations, new generation memory interface chip development is not progressing as expected, domestic server customers are not expanding as expected, new products such as artificial intelligence chips are not being developed as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and technology, the world's leading supplier of memory interface chips.
Liu Huixia Liu Xiaoji, Dallas State University, Texas, modeling/radio frequency chip design directions. Used to be an engineer in the design of microchips in China, China, China, and Purple.
2 years of experience in securities practice and 19 years of participation in the East Hing securities programme: Master of Studies in Finance, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group, 2019
Add to the ESP a study of the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.