U.S.A. Chemical capture of the tap premium from the full recovery of titanium powder, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: We believe that the industry’s historical cycle heralds the arrival of the titanium powder industry, with a tight balance of supply and demand that would make the price increase more predictable. And the global titanium industry has emerged from the unprovoked competition triggered by Chinese firms, and the emergence of a domestic absolute leader will have far-reaching implications for the titanium industry as a whole, between the international giants.
Mergers and acquisitions are also a sign of orderly and rational competition in the industry. The dragon python is made of a combination of the two major domestic titanium companies, the Sichuan Dragon Python and the Parley Federation, which leapfrog into the first and fourth-largest-capacity titanium-polyheads, and competes with foreign titanium-polymer giants.
The history of the industry’s history heralds the arrival of the titanium industry’s Big Bull. By studying the history of titanium industry’s growth and price cycles, we find that the titanium industry’s supply and demand games in recent years have been the driving force behind price hikes.
This is reflected in the historical price cycle, which begins with good demand, and eventually with a sharp expansion of demand + productive capacity. But the difference between the current cycle and the historical price cycle is that: (1) demand is substantially good: it is expected to reach a high demand point in 17 years; (2) supply is substantial: global output is not rising or falling, and there has been no increase in the size of the country in 17 years.
We expect the titanium powder industry to rise to Big Cow in 17 years. The supply and demand balance is tight, and the price increases are expected to be higher than expected. On the basis of demand and supply estimates, we expect the price of titanium powder to grow by 14.1% over the same period, and we expect exports to remain strong. At the end of supply: 17 years of global zero.
The increase in the price of titanium powder is supported by a 16-year price hike. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Based on expectations that titanium powder will continue to rise, we raise the company’s profit projections.
For 67 times, 13 times and 11 times, we keep watching titanium powder rise, and the Dragon Dragon Pythal will receive the maximum revenue.
2. U.S.A. (002001): titanium powder taps, new layout material area (2016-07-20)
Company Profile: China's titanium powder industry's titanium industry, Henan Pali Chemical Co. Ltd., was established in 2001 and, after more than a decade of development, the company has been established to acquire the Dragon Ping industry through a non-public share, and has been officially renamed the “Long Python Union Group Inc.”.
After the merger was completed, the company’s titanium powder business was further expanded to become the number one in the domestic industry and the fourth in the world. The company’s titanium powder production was 560,000 tons, including 500,000 tons of sulphuric acid and 60,000 tons of chlorination.
According to the 16-year-old company, titanium powder accounts for 86% of the company’s total revenue, while Māori accounts for 94%, and the company’s performance: between 2010 and 2013, the company’s principal income fell slightly, while its net profits fell sharply. The recession left the titanium industry in a depressed cycle, leading to a decline in both corporate revenues and net profits after 2013.
Small-scale production in the industry has improved slightly and demand has increased corporate sales: while titanium prices are low, the cost of company products has declined, and company revenues and net profits have started to improve during this period. Since 2016, titanium powder industry has entered the landscape, and titanium prices have continued to rise, while companies have completed the acquisition of the dragonfish industry and have joined the 16th quarter.
According to the company ' s performance report, the net profit of the company ' s shareholders belonging to the listed company in 2016 was $480 million, an increase of 335 per cent. After the merger was completed, the company ' s equity was further concentrated, with Mr. Xu holding 20.5 per cent of the company ' s equity, the company ' s number one.
Mr. Tan is the second-largest shareholder and vice-chairman of the company. Ms. Li is the daughter of the ex-consumptive, who holds 13.95% of the company’s shares and is the third largest shareholder.
The titanium powder is a white pigment with a major component (tio2), mainly a gold-redstone model.
Two structures (r) and titanium (a) with better performance of the gold-carbo type. titanium powder has good physical, scientific and optical properties and is widely used in the paint industry, paper industry, plastics, etc. Industrial methods are currently mainly sulfur acid and chlorination. The titanium powder industry has evolved over the course of 100 years, mainly through four stages, and I am in the process.
Table 1: The international titanium industry has developed three rounds of the price cycle. As a result of the rapid expansion of titanium production worldwide since the 1990’s, foreign titanium is white.
The powder industry has reached maturity, and then its capacity has gradually shifted to the Asia-Pacific region. The domestic titanium industry has benefited from this, and it has developed rapidly. Looking at the market for titanium powder in the last decade, we have concluded that titanium powder has gone through three price cycles: price week, historical price cycle begins with demand. By analysing the supply-demand relationship at the start of the price cycle, we have found three histories.
During the year, in response to the risk of a soft landing of our economy in the wake of the financial crisis, a “4 trillion” investment stimulus was launched at the end of 08, which led to another round of rapid real estate development and commercial housing sales of 40 per cent more than the same, prompting the titanium powder industry out of a bull market; and, in 15 years, a new round of real estate investment was launched in the context of an economy's “sustainable growth” macro-level environment, as well as overseas real estate developments.
By analysing the growth of production in the titanium industry, we find that the demand for good often leads to a rapid expansion of production capacity. Together with the analysis of the price cycles, the first two rounds of price booms are derived.
The decline was due to supply and demand imbalances caused by the slowdown in demand and the rapid expansion of production capacity: the subprime mortgage crisis that began in 2007 stunned the United States economic bubble, caused the global economy to decline, resulting in a sharp decline in demand for titanium powder, while the compound growth rate was more than 30 per cent of capacity expansion, which caused a rapid fall in the price of titanium powder; and the slowdown in global economic development and the expansion of capacity, which began in December.
The fastest, compounded growth of 32 per cent led to a rapid drop in titanium powder prices from their peaks in 11 years to their lows in early 16, leaving the titanium powder industry in a cold winter of almost four years. 2.2 This round of price cycles: optimized supply and demand patterns in the short and long term, with higher prices expected to be higher than expected
The total demand in the titanium industry is expected to increase by 7.4 per cent in 2017, with an increase of 4.7 per cent in domestic demand and 15 per cent in exports. titanium powder is used in a wide range of applications, mainly in paints, plastics, ink, paper, 60 per cent in paints, 20 per cent in plastics, 7 per cent in paper, and others (including cosmetics, fibre optics, electronics, ceramics, ceramics, welds, etc.).
In the area of alloys, glass, etc., the rate of paper increases by 2%. (1) Paints: The area of downstream application of titanium powder is mainly paint, which accounts for up to 60%, while the area of downstream application of paint is mainly built and belongs to the real estate sector.
Domestic real estate has begun to recover, new real estate has increased both in terms of the size of new construction and in the sale of goods, and the recovery in real estate has led to an increase in the demand for paint, which in turn has contributed to an improvement in demand for titanium powder. With real estate regulation, which began in October of 16 years, real estate has experienced a steady contraction in prices, but in 17 years, three or four lines of real estate sales have warmed back, and we expect 17 years of housing.
At the same time, policies use ppp as a “catcher” of investment, and the growth of capital investment should offset a portion of the decline in real estate investment. We expect paint to grow at 6% in 17 years. And we find that demand for titanium powder lags behind real estate for about a year, and we expect that the increase in titanium powder will reach a high point around the end of the year.
Exports: We expect exports to grow at a rate of 15 per cent in 17 years. Our exports of titanium are mainly to India, the United States, South Korea, Brazil, etc., with a 40 per cent increase in exports in 16 years and a 55 per cent increase in net exports in the same year. This is mainly due to (1) the warming of overseas demand and better demand for titanium powder due to the weak recovery of the overseas economy; and (2) the fact that the quality of our titanium powder has already increased.
Internationally recognized, and relatively cheap to price, titanium powder compared to other countries: (3) long-term depression and low prices in the titanium powder industry have led to the gradual withdrawal of some of the productive capacities of enterprises such as Du Pong and Hensmae, resulting in inadequate supply, thus boosting Chinese exports; (4) the major foreign countries such as India, Iran and Brazil, whose production capacity is severely inadequate due to technical, financial and other factors, and
The rapid pace of economic development in some countries will continue to increase the demand for titanium powder, and the supply-demand gap will increase further so that our exports of titanium powder are expected to remain high: (5) The devaluation of the renminbi will promote the continued improvement of exports. Over the past 16 years, the currency has been depreciated by about 7%, and the devaluation of the renminbi has increased the price differential for titanium powder, both domestically and internationally, and has caused our exports to export titanium powder.
India, the country’s largest exporter of titanium powder and one of the fastest growing in demand, has experienced a complex increase of more than 7% in demand for titanium powder in recent years. The main reasons for the high growth in demand for titanium powder imports in India are: (1) titanium powder and gdp growth are highly positive, and in recent years India’s economy has maintained high growth, with gdp growing at 7%.
Around; (2) supply and demand imbalance: India ' s demand for titanium powder imports has increased sharply as a result of its consumption of 200,000 tons per year compared to its capacity of only 20,000 tons per year. However, since the 16th quarter of April, India ' s currency regime has slowed the pace of development of its premises, and we expect to transfer to titanium demand six months to one year later, with India ' s titanium demand expected to be sustained in 17 years.
The stock is low and the stock can be replenished. With titanium powder going through a cold winter period of almost four years, the industry has been operating at a rate of less than 70% in recent years, and in the short term, because most titanium mills have been out of production for many years, with a combination of environmental and degenerative effects.
It is difficult to start. And because demand improved at the end of the year and business and channel stocks were rapidly digested, the current stock is only 280,000 tons. Most of the major manufacturers are now fully produced, and the industry as a whole has returned to 70%, but stock levels are flat, and stock-filling will push the price of titanium powder up further.
The consumption structure can still be upgraded to reduce cyclical fluctuations. The largest downstream market for titanium powder is in the paint industry, accounting for about 60% of total consumption. Plastics ranked second in 16%, paper is the third largest application, 10%, followed by ink, rubber and other applications, as compared to the international titanite giant Hensley.
The paint market accounts for only 33% of Hensmae titanium powder applications, more diversified products, higher value added, less cyclically influenced by a single industry, and more exposed to risk. In terms of global titanium powder downstream, plastics account for 24%, paper production 12%, and can be dispersed downstream too much.
The single risk. And our country has been able to maintain an import of 200,000 tons of titanium powder, at much higher unit prices than exports, indicating that the high-end applications of titanium powder have yet to expand.
2.2.2 At the end of the supply: The energy growth rate has slowed, with no additional capacity released in 17 years and negative growth in global capacity has slowed down. The titanium powder industry has been at the bottom of almost four years of history since 2012, with most enterprises in a position of small or loss as a result of continued downs in titanium prices.
By opting for a partial shutdown, most small businesses opt out permanently, leading to a negative growth rate in global capacity in 16 years, while the rate of growth in our capacity has declined to 2.9 per cent per year. According to information from Begawa, the cumulative global exit or shutdown of 63.50 million tons in 15-16 years, compared to only 360,000 tons in new capacity. In another 17 years, no new global output will be released, which will be further optimized.
The industry’s start-up rate is expected to remain at 75%, with a tight balance between supply and demand. The titanium industry has been at the bottom of the industry for several years, and some small-capacitator companies have been more difficult to start work quickly, with industry starting at 75% since 2014.
Policy and environmental environment are tightened and production capacity is expected to shrink further. Because of the country’s current production capacity, which is largely sulfuric acid, the multiplicity of sulfate processes, long processes, high consumption of sulfuric acid, steam and water, high waste products, 3-4 tons of sulphate and 8-10 tons of sulphate per ton of titanium powder are produced, environmental pollution is high.
The country’s environmental policy has been increasing in recent years to encourage the health of the titanium powder industry. Table 4: The environmental environment is becoming more stringent.
(b) The chloride titanium powder company must not be less than 60,000 tonnes/year and the single-line production facility must not be less than 30,000 tonnes/year. Table 5: Key points of access to the titanium powder industry
In 2016, according to information from the University of Pegawa, there were 21 enterprises with a capacity of less than 50,000 tons, with a combined capacity of about a significantly narrower supply. At the same time, the vast majority of titanium powder is now produced using the sulphate method, which produces a reasonable economy of 50,000 tons, an optimal economy of 100,000 tons, and a small capacity of less than 50,000 tons is often uneconomical, and with that in mind.
Greater environmental protection and less likely to convert surplus production into effective capacity. 2.2.3 At the end of the raw materials: the price of titanium is higher than the price of titanium powder, and we are a major titanium resource. Our titanium resources are dominated by raw titanium, and our reserves are among the highest in the world.
There are 45 mines in Sichuan, mainly located in the west and north of the river, with our original titanium deposits in 2011 amounting to 246 million tons, the country ' s largest titanium resource. The titanium ore resources are 85, mainly located in Hainan, Yunnan, Guangdong, Guangxi, etc., with 5 million tons of deposits, which are also important to the country ' s titanium resources.
The price of titanium concentrates continues to rise. Demand is good: we have grown by 11% in 16 years, which has significantly increased demand for titanium concentrates. Supply is tight: in my country, titanium concentrates are produced mainly after a selection of titanium ore and then smelting.
As the iron and steel industry has continued to be depressed in recent years, and as a result of the “supply side reform” and environmental stress on steel at the national level, the supply of titanium has continued to tighten and production has grown negative for two years in a row. The demand for titanium imports has been driven by the contraction of the supply of titanium ore in our country. India and Viet Nam, the main importers of which are India and Viet Nam, have been affected by policies in India.
At the same time, the recent price increases in foreign titanium mines have contributed to the continued upswing of domestic titanium concentrate prices. Higher costs support the increase in titanium powder prices.
Further price increases support this. Meanwhile, we expect that, given the tight supply of titanium, a significant increase in titanium powder will be limited, reducing the likelihood that industry will start at a significant rate, and protecting the further increase in titanium powder prices from subsequent trends of 2.2.4 titanium powder prices.
Based on our analysis of the supply and demand sides, we expect that the supply and demand of titanium powder will reach a tight balance in 2017, and that the industry will be expected to have a more than anticipated view. We estimate neutrally that titanium powder prices will reach 20,000 yuan per ton; and optimistic estimates that titanium is expected to outpace history’s peak cycle, surpassing 22,000 yuan per ton.
The union of the three strong players in the titanium industry, the 3.1-per-cent union of the union with the dragon industry, and the 16-year undisclosed shares of the union in the purchase of 100 per cent of Sichuan dragons, officially sounded the corner of industrial integration.
And after that, the python now has 560,000 tons of production capacity, of which 500,000 tons of sulphate titanium powder, 60,000 tons of chlorinated titanium powder, and the only company in the country that has a share of sulphuric acid and chlorination. Companies have a more competitive advantage.
The integration of titanium powder manufacturing companies Sichuan Dragon Python and Singley, ranked first and second in the country, has succeeded in building a national absolute titanium powder dragon with the power to compete with the foreign titanium powder giant, reshuffling titanium powder patterns will have a far-reaching impact on the entire titanium industry in the country, and it is hoped that this will boost the pace of intra-industry acquisitions, increase industry concentration and promote industry ownership.
At the international market for titanium powder, the top four titanium powder firms now account for 79% of global total capacity (not counting our capacity). Among them, ternox123.3 million tons (including Cristal), chemours 12.42 million tons, huntsman 810,000 tons, dragons.
In the domestic market, the industry’s first production capacity is 560,000 tons, accounting for 15.7% of the country’s total production capacity, and is ranked fourth in the world. In terms of the size of the production capacity of the producers, the production of single plants is mostly larger than 300,000 tons/year.
Taiwan’s smallest viewing plant is slightly more productive than the rest of the major international producers, and its bargaining power and scale are significant, and all of it are chlorinated lines. The average size of titanium powder producers on the mainland is only about 60,000 tons, well below that of the international owner, who wants titanium powder.
In terms of the pattern of national competition, we believe that titanium powder has officially entered the global arena of competition among mega-enterprises. The advantage of size can help companies become more competitive internationally and have more market pricing power.
Resources are the inevitable option for the industry to move out of the valley and the current industry trend. The industry valley is also an excellent opportunity for integration. Given that most manufacturers in the country are currently living in unsatisfactory conditions, small firms that do not have the size and technical advantages are being acquired by large firms, with strong alliances, and complementary absorption mergers will continue to ferment.
In addition to having 560,000 tons of titanium powder, the company owns 600,000 tons of titanium mineral energy, which can significantly meet the company’s demand for sulphate titanium powder, with fewer companies buying directly from the Sichuan branching area. At the same time, the company also owns 600,000 tons of sulphate, which can be used to meet the company’s demand for sulphate to a greater extent.
Resources have been incorporated to improve the company’s industrial chain, which will significantly increase the company’s Māori rate for its products, increase its profitability, and make it more cost-effective than any other company associated with it. The company’s chlorinated titanium powder has successfully operated steadily, and the quality of its products has been brought to downstream plants, including ppg, Guangdong, and Goli.
It is widely recognized that it is one of the only four enterprises in the country with chlorinated production processes that continues to lead industry development. 3.2 Integrating resources and exploring high-end applications of products.
The co-operative Van Zhiyang technology is the leading company in graphene, the founder of which is Dr. Miyagi, the former Vice-President of the Billion Light Group, the leading company in producing photoelectric semiconductor products dominated by Led, and a listed company in Taiwan. Dr. Miyagi has been developing graphite materials and applications since 2013.
There are currently more than 200 materials and more than 50 applications. This collaboration has helped to consolidate resources, explore research and development on high-end products relevant to the company’s main industry, and develop higher value-added products, facilitating the transition from titanium powder producers to new material developers.
3.3 The employee ownership scheme is conducive to tying shareholders, companies, and employees together to achieve risk sharing.
Burden and benefit-sharing facilitate corporate cultural integration after a company’s acquisition, and enhance the company’s own cohesion and market competitiveness. The company’s current repurchase of some shares is conducive to preserving the company’s secondary market price, protecting the interests of a wide range of investors, maximizing overall shareholder interests, enhancing investors’ confidence in the company, and preserving the company’s image in the capital market.
4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal Scenario 1: Assuming a taxed average price of 12,750 yuan per ton per ton in 2016, 260,000 tons per year for titanium powder production in 2017, and 300,000 tons per year for dragon python.
Assumption 3: the continued lowness of the stubble operations and the stability of the other operations, with the three rates declining from year to year; the risk of a substantial drop in the price of titanium powder: the risk of a significant fluctuations in the price of raw materials or the risk of a significant drop in exports; and Noone has ever received, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.