Improved supply of and demand for titanium powder, industry flagship gains
□ Completion of the dragon python merger, and the creation of the world’s leader, after completion of the dragon python acquisition, the cumulative capacity reached 560,000 tons per year, becoming the fourth largest titanium powder producer in Asia.
To build a whole-of-business chain with less cost. On the other hand, the scale of company production has expanded rapidly, and can increase bargaining power in procurement through, for example, uniform procurement, as well as increased market access and industry leadership.
It also gives companies greater autonomy and voice in the pricing of their products. The price of titanium powder has risen, and companies have reaped huge benefits as industry leaders.
The high returns in the titanium industry until 2010 attracted a large influx of manufacturers, with a disorderly expansion of production capacity, new production that was released in 12-15 years, with a falling price of titanium powder and a continuing decline in industry. Over the last two years, the government has been strengthening supply-side reforms and environmental protection, and has been working on titanium powder.
The industry has issued a number of production codes and guidelines, and has provided a clear standard of production capacity for titanium powder production enterprises, with a domestic exit capacity of nearly 360,000 tons during this round of adjustments. The market currently has a small capacity of about 20% of total capacity.
Integration will continue to intensify, creating a pattern similar to that of foreign oligopolies in the future. □ Downstream demand recovery, overseas export growth, 60% paint in titanium demand downstream, while paint is mainly used in real estate, our home.
The real estate sector has been recovering since the end of 2015, with the cities of the first and second-line urban buildings continuing to be hot, new construction areas and sales of goods have increased significantly, titanium powder as a post-real estate cycle industry, typically with a six-month to one-year lag, and 17-year demand for titanium powder downstream will continue to flourish.
The recovery in demand has been accompanied by rising demand from overseas markets, with products exported mainly to India, the United States, Brazil, South Korea, Indonesia, and Iran. In January-September 2016, our total volume of titanium powder imports was 1.47 million tons, with a total of 5406 million tons exported.
The price of titanium powder continues to rise, with both supply and demand boosting. The stock of titanium powder is now at an all-time low, and downstream customers will be in the stock-up phase after spring festival.
The company, as the leader of titanium powder industry, will have the full capacity of Henan Pali Chemical Co. Ltd., located in the Midwest industrial complex, which landed in July 2011. The company has established a series of titanium powders, covering the iron system, titanium slag, sulphate, etc.
More than 20 different types of industrial systems, with the company “The Snow Lotus” brand identified as a Chinese brand, with products sold at best throughout the country and with more than 100 countries exporting to Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the main products are among the highest in the country in terms of annual production, domestic sales and export size in 2015, in terms of size.
The company has been investing in and research and development around titanium powder in recent years, increasing the competitiveness of its products. In 2012, the technology for the production of titanium powder with chlorination was introduced, creating China’s largest full-sector chain chlorination laboratory and becoming the only producer of large-scale sulphuric acid and large-scale chlorination production processes in the country.
In 2014, Hensmeyer tr52 was acquired, and production systems were improved under the Tottr52 technology, producing excellent dispersion and masking performance, ideal light, rapid fixation, resistance to powdering, resistance to chemicals, high durability, long-lasting white resistance to yellow change, high-grade ink-grade titanium powder.
The company has a capacity of 260,000 tonnes/year of titanium powder, of which 60,000 tonnes/year of titanium powder chloride, completed by the company in 2016.
With the acquisition of the domestic titanium-poding-poding industry, titanium-poding annual production surged to 560,000 tons/year, making it the largest in Asia, the world’s fourth largest titanium-poding producer.
The first two shareholders of the company, who were natural persons, Hux Gang and Henan Gyeong-tae Investments Ltd., in September 2016, were still Xu Kong, with the share rate rising from 13.76 per cent to 20.5 per cent, the second, Tan Shing, who held 12.22 per cent of the shares directly through himself.
Indirect shares are held by Henan Silver-Thai Investment and Yuming County Pil-Gyu Sugar Development Corporation, the third largest shareholder is Li Ling, a natural person, who holds 13.95 per cent of shares, and Li Ling, who is the daughter of Li Li's de facto control. 1.2 Business income is stable and exports are higher than exports.
Since its inception, the company's main business has been a titanium powder product, with titanium powder accounting for the company's revenue, which in mid-2016 stood at $1,102 million, or 84.88 per cent of the company's total.The composition of the company's business determined that the company's performance was largely influenced by the titanium powder market, with domestic titanium powder in 2013.
Market entry, continued decline in product prices, weak market demand on the other hand, and deep regulation of policies such as emissions, high energy consumption, and the integration of resources in highly polluting industries.
The level of profitability has also declined considerably, but companies are increasing their R & D investment and improving their product structure at a time when the industry is underestimating, and performance has improved significantly in recent years, with companies achieving operating revenues of 2,635 million yuan in 2015, which is the same increase. The powder market has moved out of the low, product prices have risen, and company performance has risen in the first three quarters of 2016.
The company achieved operating income of 2,032 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 119 million yuan to the mother, an increase of 6.96 per cent and 103.65 per cent over the same period, while the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate levels also increased significantly, at 22.54 per cent and 6.19 per cent, respectively, in the same industry.
The Māori rate and net interest rate of the company for the past year, as one of the leading companies in the domestic titanium industry, its products, in addition to the best-selling country, are exported to over 100 countries and territories, including Asia, Asia, Europe and America, and Africa, where it has acquired downstream manufacturers, such as Aksunaubel, ppg, etc.
In terms of the composition of the company’s operations, the foreign market is large and has accounted for more than 40% of the company’s operating income in recent years. In 2015, the company’s overseas revenues amounted to $1,111 billion, representing a double upturn in the supply demand of the company’s operating revenues2 and the price of titanium powder continued to rise.
2.1 A wide range of downstream applications, with paints occupying half a wall, titanium powder (English name: titaniumdioxide), white paints with a major composition of titanium dioxide (tio2) and titanium dioxide (titanium dioxide) molecular formula: titanium2 is a multi-crystal compound with a mass point
The titanium powder is considered to be the world's best white pigment, representing about 80% of all white paint use, and is widely used in the fields of paint, plastics and rubber, ink, paper, etc. titanium powder is primarily white, colored, covered, long-range, reinforced, etc.
The titanium structure is relatively dense, stable, and less optically active, so that it is durable, with a high degree of cover and discoloration, and is a high-end product of titanium powder. The main applications of titanium powder are in paint, plastics, ink, paper, and currently in the field of titanium powder applications in the country.
Paints account for 60 per cent, plastics for 20 per cent, paper for 7 per cent, and others (including cosmetics, fibre optics, electrons, ceramics, porcelain, welds, alloys, glass) for 13 per cent.
2.2 Environmentally tight, chlorination will be mainstreamed in the future. The industrial methods of production of titanium powder are chlorination and sulphuric acid.
Prices are low, companies are old, technologically mature, and operating equipment is simple; the disadvantages are multi-process, process singing, intermittent operation, high consumption of sulphuric acid, steam and water, high by-products, high levels of environmental pollution due to the elimination of 3-4t of iron sulphate and 8-10t of sulfuric acid for each production of titanium powder.
The advantages of precision, oxidized chemical production processes, chlorination are short process processes, low end-of-life by-products, low energy consumption, environmentally friendly, high product quality; the disadvantages are the high cost of raw materials and the difficulty of the process.
Powder. The current low cost of sulphate materials and simple equipment processes are more compatible with the development of our enterprises, but in the long run, with the country ' s growing awareness of the environment, environmental policies will become more stringent, and restrictions on the disposal of waste by-products from chemical industries will become more stringent.
After the chlorination process, chlorination will become the dominant method of titanium powder production. Currently, more than 60% of the world’s total titanium powder production is chlorinated, except in China, and more than 80% of this product is produced by Dubon, Tenor, Hensmann, Connors, and the Brazilian company Costa.
As a result of the production technology, the main method of production has been sulphuric acid, but in recent years there has been an improvement in the production of titanium powder and industrial breakthroughs in our country, and some enterprises have already achieved levels of chlorination.
Since 2010, the high yield of titanium powder has attracted a large number of manufacturers into the titanium industry, with rapidly expanding production capacity, which will continue to grow in 2012-2015, with excess capacity leading to intense competition in the industry. Industry began to work, demand for titanium powder slowed down, and the price of titanium powder continued to decline in 2012-2015, with prices falling for almost two years.
In order to improve the disorderly expansion of the titanium industry in the country, as well as the fragmentation of production capacity, relevant national ministries have issued a number of policies in recent years to restructure the titanium industry. In 2012, the admission criteria for the titanium powder industry were proposed.
The new titanium powder enterprise must have an annual production capacity of 50,000 tonnes and above (sulphuric acid method) and 60,000 tonnes and above (chlorination method); the Technical Policy for the Prevention and Control of Pollution in the titanium powder industry, introduced by the Ministry of the Environment in 2014, will explicitly encourage chlorination, co-production of titanium powder and phase-out of the traditional sulphate heavy-pollution production process.
The annual industry association issued the Titanite Unit Product Energy Expense Limits, which set limits and access values for energy consumption in the production of titanium powder unit products, which were implemented on 1 October 2016 and which, according to estimates, would eliminate at least the current level of consumption. The titanium market should be an oligopoly market based on foreign experience, which would reduce costs.
At the same time, efficiency in the use of fixed assets is being enhanced, with a global total capacity of about 7.2 million tons of titanium powder (effective capacity), or about 66% in cr10. The top five manufacturers are Dupont, Hensmi, Coster, Connors, Turner, 1.16 million tons, 900,000, 780,000, 520,000 and 380,000 tons, and the world.
The country’s titanium powder producers are currently relatively dispersed, with 42 titanium powder producers, with a total capacity of about 2.8 million tons, with an average capacity of only 667,000 tons. The top 10 producers have an average capacity of 136,000 tons, which accounts for 48.57 per cent of the country’s capacity.
Tens of thousands of tonnes, 45,000 tonnes of Yunnan Zechan, 30,000 tonnes of salinization in China, and 15,000 tonnes of Foutta in the city of C-N-N-N-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
Over the past two years, the titanium powder industry has been undergoing a process of merger restructuring, with both domestic and foreign leading firms accelerating their M&As and further increasing market concentration. As industry integration accelerates, the overall pattern of competition in the industry will change and industry as a whole will significantly increase its bargaining power downstream.
2.4 Demand-side: downstream demand recovery, increased overseas exports 60% of paint in titanium powder downstream applications, while real estate is the most important application in paint. Since the end of 2015, domestic real estate has recovered, with the second-line urban real estate sector hot, housing hot.
Data on real estate investments, housing start-up areas, and sales of new houses have all recovered significantly. The Central Economic Workshop proposed the elimination of real estate stocks as one of the five major priorities for 2016, with stocking becoming the main theme of the current real estate industry, and a new round of real estate policy likely to accelerate real estate inventory.
The cycle, the usual six-month-to-one-year lag in real estate, the warmth of the real estate industry and the de-stocking policy will significantly boost the growth of the domestic titanium industry. As domestic downstream demand recovers, titanium exports are also growing rapidly, in January-September 2016, and in September 2016.
China imports 147,000 tons of titanium powder and exports 5406 million tons. By 2019, titanium powder production is expected to reach 3,0128.7 million tons, imports reduced to 95,000 tons, and exports increased to 7758 million tons. China’s main exporters of titanium powder are India, the United States, Brazil, South Korea, Indonesia and Iran, and Europe and the United States.
As a result of the continuing decline in the price of titanium powder and the decline in profitability of the country, enterprises such as Dubon and Hensmae have launched some production capacity, resulting in insufficient supply to boost Chinese exports; most other countries, such as India, Brazil, Indonesia, Iran, have no capacity to produce titanium powder because of technology, capital, etc.
The positive trend, especially with India’s rapid economic growth in recent years, will result in a rapid increase in demand for titanium powder, which some developing countries face will rapidly increase their exports of titanium powder. Since August 2015, the renminbi has entered the depreciating route, the offshore renminbi has continued to depreciate against the dollar, and the titanium has also improved.
The titanium powder exports/tonnes of titanium powder, with a double boost on the supply side and demand side, increased the price of titanium powder in a spectacular wave in 2016, during the course of the year.
More than 10 price increases, with product prices rising from $9,900/ton at the beginning of the year to $15650/ton. In December 2016, illegal drainage broke out in the high-technology development zone, shut down 28 businesses and affected the production capacity of 800,000 tons of titanium powder, accounting for about 23 per cent of the country ' s total capacity.
In January 2017, the company announced that the sales price of chlorinated titanium powder, titanium titanium powder, had been increased by $700 per ton to domestic customers on the basis of the original price; and $100 per ton to international customers, which had led to a new year-long increase in prices, which had now reached $16,600 per ton.
In September 2016, the company completed a public stock listing, and the company became fully-owned. The production of titanium powder in the dragonfish industry remained at the top of the industry, with a capacity of 300,000 titanium powder in 2014.
Ton, real production reached 2,978 million tons, the sixth largest in Asia and sixth in the world. After the company had completed the M&A, titanium production was also raised from 260,000 tons/year to 560,000 tons/year, making it the fourth largest company in Asia and the fourth largest in the world.
The dragon-drawn industry has a relatively large-scale magnetic ore resource, which is designed to exploit 8 million tons annually, with holdings as of the end of 2014 amounting to 184,1639,000 tons, or 46.5 per cent of the grade of titanium concentrate, which is approximately 3.6,2518,000 tons of concentrate required for long-term assurance of company titanium powder production.
Growth provides a strategic guarantee of titanium resources, and complete industrial chains give companies a special competitive advantage in terms of risk resistance, cost-control synergies, etc. At present, titanium mine prices (excluding taxes) have reached $1100-1200 per ton in the country, in the dragon industry.
The titanium mine costs approximately $400/t, and currently, the titanium concentrate in the dragon-dry industry can reach 700,000 tons/years or more, all of which are used for titanium powder production, significantly reducing the company’s costs and contributing a lot of profits. The industry also has a parathion- titanium cycle economic model, and large amounts of waste acid water from titanium powder production in the dragon-dry industry will be supplied.
The phosphorus industry is used for phosphorus washing, which allows recycling. In addition, the Yongjian industry is located in Sichuan, where lower hydropower and gas prices further reduce corporate costs.
After taking over the dragon python industry, the company can take full advantage of its resources, ensure that it produces the concentrate needed for titanium powder production over the longer term, improve its ability to provide itself with titanium ore, and achieve "magnetium magnets" - titanium.
Mine-technology research and development- titanium powder production- titanium powder marketing” provides a stable supply of raw materials. On the other hand, the company merges into the world’s fourth largest titanium powder producer after Dubon, Hensmae, and Kost.
This merger has also led to the consolidation of the titanium powder industry in the country, which is expected to create the same oligopolistic competition as abroad.
The price of titanium powder is rising steadily, with both supply and demand rising. Tourists are now under titanium powder.
Household stock levels have reached historical lows, downstream customers will enter the replenishment phase after Spring Festival, and the price of titanium powder is expected to remain high. The company, as the leader in the titanium industry, will have full access to titanium powder.
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes. I am qualified to practice portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, have a hard-working professional attitude, have a professional prudential research methodology, and use legal matches.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.