On April 28, the company issued its 2021st quarterly report, yielding $1.31 billion to the mother ' s net gain of $490 million.q1 performance increased significantly, with a two-fold increase in the Māori rate and net interest rate.
2021q1 achieved revenues of 1.31 billion yuan, an increase of 118 per cent and a 5 per cent increase in the ring; net return of 490 million yuan to the mother, close to the growing impact of the industrialization and intelligent manufacturing industries, a steady increase in the passivity of passive components, the sale of the company ' s main products, and a significant increase in all three operations.
According to the data disclosed in the annual report, communications components were raised by $1.34 billion, or 43 per cent, and the Māori rate was reduced by 3.1 pct to 51.2 per cent; and electronic components and materials were collected by $1.32 billion, or 56.9 per cent.
Up to 56.45 per cent; $660 million, or 38.4 per cent, for semiconductor components, an increase of 1.3 pct to 45.1 per cent.
The commercialization process of 5g has continued to accelerate, and mlcc has risen demand as a key zero component. In 2020, the company raised 2.2 billion plus 5g for mlcc extension and semiconductor chip encapsulation, and is expected to benefit from a national production-substitution trend to open up the growth space.
The field of influence benefits from the high-winding cycle of passive widgets, which is expected to continue to increase. The examination of the current Schenwan semiconductor, 44 times greater, takes into account the high-profile nature of the beneficiary industry, given the company’s role as leader of the domestic passive device, and covers it for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
The industry has not progressed as expected; R & D has not progressed as expected; and industry competition has intensified. Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, has worked for the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The authors, who possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity and impartiality, without any third party's approval or influence.