The cloud business growth ring has accelerated, and the production of large and medium-sized enterprises has begun to emerge.
In the first three quarters, cloud service revenue was $1,381 million, an increase of 76.4 per cent over the previous three quarters, and ring service revenue increased by 17 percentage points over the six-month period.
Seasonal cloud services achieved revenues of $630 million, an increase of 102.6 per cent over the year, well above the year-round growth target. During the reporting period, the total number of cloud services contracts with a value of more than one million increased compared to the same period.
The growth of cloud operations is expected to be higher than expected with net profit targets. The domesticization of large and medium-sized customer markets has begun to emerge: in the last three quarters, the company’s large and medium-sized enterprises’ practical cloud services now earn 1.229 billion yuan, an increase of 71.7%, and the ring’s comparison with the semi-annual growth of large and medium-sized enterprises’ cloud services.
In the third quarter, the cloud services of large and medium-sized enterprises received $557 million, an increase of 93 per cent over the same period. The company managed to contract the national electricity grid, China ' s sea oil, and the state by capturing the technological upgrading of large firms and the use of hot spots in the industrial sector.
The company has stepped up its industrial cloud services operations and successfully contracted the National Development Bank, the Guangtae Group, and the Central China Investment Corporation.
Since this year, cases of the use of friendly national production have emerged, and new users have laid the foundation for high growth in cloud operations over the next few years. onbip builds a global leading business innovation platform, cloud service: a three-quarter corporate launch strategy level.
1 Friends Network (600588), a contract product, yonbip, a platform for business innovation in the digital economy.
Original technology, introduction of unserver computing and micro-service architecture, eco-partners can rapidly realize commercial applications innovations based on low code 2020-08-30 Development of platforms and connectivity integration platforms, and significantly upgrade saas development
2 Friends Network (600588), which is based on the concept of platformed services and eco-development.
In order to achieve the integration of the management of enterprises from the outside to the downstream, from the centre to the centre and from the back, the company has developed a network of students who serve more than 10 million business clients, bringing together more than 100,000 businesses, and a network of friends (600588).
A partner, a community that connects more than a billion people, achieves hundreds of millions of income development goals, reflects firm corporate confidence, equity incentives, strategic considerations and firm confidence.
Air 2020-05-22. By further raising the market share of high-end products through a new generation of cloud services, the vanguard position is stronger and the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board