Golden Yates Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
q3 accelerated recovery, cloud business orders brightened on October 30, three quarterly reports were released using the Friends Network, yielding $4.619 billion in the first three quarters, a 7.8 per cent drop in the same period, and a net return to the mother of $15.595 million, a 103.5 per cent drop in the same period.
Performance is under short-term pressure from the epidemic, but recovery is accelerating in the last three quarters alone. The first three quarters saw a recovery of 103.5 per cent.
Against the background of the control of the domestic epidemic, the situation has improved in the first three quarters, corporate contract orders have been restored, the income of the second quarter has decreased faster, the ring has recovered significantly, business is recovering more rapidly, and the impact of the epidemic has been phased out. In addition, the total and asset-liability ratios of companies have declined by $1,474 million.
Deepening the cloud transformation strategy and accelerating the expansion of the cloud services business. Corporate cloud services generated 1,381 million yuan, an increase of 76.4 per cent compared to 76.4 per cent, a 17 per cent increase compared to h1, and a sustained high rate of growth and growth. At the same time, corporate cloud services have improved the quality of their operations, with over a million contracts.
In addition, companies increase their investment in research and development, effectively improve the technological competitiveness of corporate cloud services products, cater to national production replacements and corporate policies, and accelerate the growth of large firms.
Companies and micro-enterprises are expected to grow more than 70% of their income and 40% of their income are expected to rise throughout the year. The policies of firms are falling short of expectations; competition in the market is increasing; and the process of nationalization of high-end erp markets is low.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment