Friends network: cloud operations are growing at a high rate and performance is improving 3 billion yuan in November 2020, representing a 103.5 per cent drop in the same year. This is mainly due to investment gains in technology from company disposal over the same period of 19 years.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved revenues of $1.38 billion, an increase of 76.4 per cent, and in the third quarter, the public sector generated revenues of $630 million, an increase of 102.6 per cent, and the million-class cloud contract of 133 per cent. Of that, the small and medium-sized enterprises achieved revenues of $73 million, an increase of 233.5 per cent; and the large and medium-sized enterprises generated revenues of $557 million, an increase of 93.0 per cent.
Of these, q3 were added to 3006 and 139,000, respectively. Corporate cloud business revenue grew at a much higher rate than that of payers, indicating an increase in the average customer value of cloud business. We believe that the company cloud business is in a period of “volume-up” gold development, now accounting for nearly 30% of revenue, and is expected to have a greater negative impact on project construction and delivery in the future, with some SME software being reduced by a decline in business efficiency as a result of delayed procurement by clients of large and medium-sized enterprises.
On the other hand, as a result of the implementation of the new accounting standards, business such as corporate software development is unable to recognize income at the completion rate, which exacerbates the negative impact of delayed project delivery on performance. We believe that, by looking at corporate performance throughout the year, as the impact of the epidemic fades, companies are actively pursuing project progress, and q3 has achieved significant results, looking forward to a steady increase in performance throughout the year.
During the reporting period, companies continued to build the lonbip platform, launching low-code agility development platforms based on cloud-based technologies, yonlinker connecting platforms, and more than 7,500 partners using the Soyun Markets application, adding about 1,000 new ones in q3. We believe that the company is the leader of the Chinese corporate-level saas industry, that the ecological development of cloud services is proceeding rapidly, that it is the start-up scale, and that it is expected to continue to enjoy the industrial development dividend as a leader.
While the traditional business of companies was hit by the epidemic in 2020, it is expected to return to normal in the second half of the year, when the epidemic has stabilized in the country. On the other hand, the transformation of the company’s cloud into a deep-water zone, the new launch of yombip and yombuilder are expected to help the company expand its market continuously, and the cloud service business has been growing in an outbreak for nearly three years, and is expected to continue to drive the company’s performance in the future, looking at the company’s long-term values.
Risk factors: Delayed roll-out of new cloud products, disease prevention and prediction.
Figure 1: Companies ' cumulative cloud service customers and cumulative fee-paying customers (as of 2020q3) Figure 2: Corporate cloud service revenue and the same rate of increase (as of 2020q3)
Lurie, Defense Science and Technology University, is a great researcher in computer science. Six years of industry experience, a team leader in the global storage of information technology (IT) research and development, solutions sector, joined Seaton Securities in 2016, 17 and 19 Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of a certified securities investment consultancy business by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.