The growth of the cloud income ring has accelerated, laying the basis for the mid-term performance appraisal, and the growth of the cloud income ring has accelerated as a result of the impact of the epidemic, which has been negative at the same rate.
Companies achieved operating income of $1.669 billion, a 1.6 per cent decrease over the same period; net profits - $41 million; net operating cash flows of $166 million, an increase of 16.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, representing a decrease of 7.4 percentage points over the same period last year.
The first three quarters of Cloud Operations achieved business income of $1,381 million, representing an increase of 76.4 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 17 percentage points for the semi-annual rate of growth: 122.2 per cent for the total number of cloud services contracts with over a million in the single quarter.
The software industry achieved business income of 2,384 million yuan in the first three quarters, a 26.6 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly affected by the epidemic and its own accelerated cloud transformation; software operations achieved revenue of 7.97 trillion in the third quarter, a 20.1 per cent decrease in the same year;
Under the guidance of a sound approach to financial science and technology in financial operations, greater control over the pace of development has been achieved, with revenues of $20,944.29 million, a 60.4 per cent decline in the same year. The share of the cloud’s income from large and medium-sized enterprises is in absolute positions.
In terms of composition, the first three quarters realized revenues of 1,229 million yuan, an increase of 71.7 per cent over the previous three quarters; and the first three quarters realized revenues of 152 million yuan, an increase of 125.8 per cent over the previous three quarters, as a proportion of the overall cloud income of the largest medium-sized enterprises.
In 2020, the company released a strategic yanbip for mega-, medium- and large-sized enterprises, combining the company’s most advanced basic technological architecture, business functions, and ai, low-code development capabilities.
With $4.6 billion spent on yombip building, we believe that corporate confidence in yombip’s product and its promotion are obvious. Equity incentives set firm’s medium-term growth targets.
The growth of the cloud’s income ring has accelerated, laying the basis for a mid-term performance appraisal, a new phase of the equity incentive programme, with business income reaching $14.7 billion in 2022, a cloud service income of $9.8 billion, net profit deductions of $1.3 billion, and a company’s reputation.
Investment proposal: Cloud computing track has been proven overseas as a long-term investment track.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report