Using the Friends Network (600588) company review report, negative growth is shrinking on a seasonal basis, cloud services are growing faster -- the user network (600588) is reported in the third quarter of 2020.
After closing on 30 October, the company released its Third Quarterly Report 2020. In the first three quarters, the company’s operating income was almost equal in the third quarter, and the decline in income in the first three quarters was gradually shrinking. In the first three quarters, both the company’s operating income and the net return profit were declining, mainly because of:
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Each year, as a result of the new coronary epidemic, some of the company's clients either buy late or tend to reduce their purchases cautiously, and one of the company's field operations passively delayed. As the domestic epidemic is gradually brought under effective control, companies actively pursue it.
Taking market opportunities, catching up with the project, achieving operating income of $1,669 million and net return to the mother in the third quarter, Rs. 412.05 million, and reducing operating income in the first three quarters by less than a half-yearly gain of 3.17 pct. The first three seasons resulted from the disposal of a portion of the equity of the firm of Instant Technology.
In the first three quarters: 1) corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) recorded a gain of 100 million yuan, compared to an increase of 102.6 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Research-Friends Network of National Dollar Securities Corporations (600588.sh): Users achieve revenues of 797 million yuan, a reduction from 20.1 per cent to 20.1 per cent in the same year; Internet access to finance information services realizes revenues of 209 million yuan, a decline of 60.4 per cent in the same year, with a surplus of the stock of ammortized transactions.
Research-Friends Network of National Dollar Securities Corporations (600588.sh): The acceleration of the cloud is 28% lower than the end-of-the-year ring ratio, stock clearance is proceeding in an orderly manner.
In the case of cloud services (excluding the financial category), in the first three quarters: 1) in the case of large and medium-sized enterprises: 1.29 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 71.7 per cent over the same period, of which 557 million yuan in the third quarter, in the same army
Of this total, revenue of $72.958 million was realized in the third quarter, an increase of 233.5 per cent. As of the end of the third quarter, the cumulative number of corporate clients in corporate cloud services was 62.732 million, while the total number of new clients in the third quarter was 30.06 million; the cumulative number of clients in payers was 58.10 million and the number of new customers in the third quarter
1.390 million households. Firms have deepened their strategic transformation, adhering to the “ Cloud Priority” strategy and accelerating the development of cloud services. Chen Tunan Development. Corporate client unit prices have steadily increased and renewal rates have remained stable.
The company’s major operations in the past five years may result in a slow release of downstream customers’ demand; cloud service transformation is not moving as fast as expected; IFS operational policy risks; brain drain, etc.
Figure 1: The author of Ps-band in the past five years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement to draw conclusions and draw conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service, according to the Licence for the Operation of Securities (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.S.I.S.C. has the qualifications for the Portfolio Investment Advisory Service approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.