Short-term performance pressure, cloud operations continue to grow in reverse, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Quality Performance Summary: the company achieved $4.62 billion in operating income in the first three quarters, a 7.8 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
Incomings: Relays in procurement by clients of some large and medium-sized enterprises, prudential and slow-down purchases by some small and medium-sized enterprises, a decrease of 7.8 per cent in the company ' s revenue in the previous three quarters, according to sub-operations, corporate cloud services generated revenues of $630 million in the third quarter, an increase of 102.6 per cent in the same year, and accumulated revenues in the previous three quarters.
Internet access to information services, guided by a sound development approach based on financial science and technology, has led to a gain of $210 million, a decline of 60.4 per cent over the same period.
(a) Income of 1.230 billion yuan, an increase of 71.7 per cent, and revenues of 150 million yuan, an increase of 125.8 per cent, for small and medium-sized enterprises services) for large enterprises: companies publish products such as the low-code development platform yonbuilder, the connected platform yonlinker, the alot smartness networking platform, and the brain of the multistar enterprise al;
The company speeds up the promotion of large-scale enterprises in the industry, the development of national development banks, the Hiroshima Group, the China-Middle-Chang-Tun, the Spring Wind Motion, etc., and its clients; 2) medium-sized enterprises: the company has published the yonsuite202009 edition, signed with Chinese banks and China.
UCN, the East Wind Cars and Parts Group, among others, have set up financial eco-innovation centres in China, China Business Bank, China Telecommunications, etc.) Small and micro-enterprises: one home with easy access, good business and intellectual + release of hardware and software, more than 11,000 resident products and services have been placed on the market for more than 80 cloud-collaborative products, Yunsheng
1. Friends Network (600588), short-term performance pressure, rapid growth in the performance of products of physical integration, and continued high-profile growth in cloud operations (2020-08-31)
2. Friends Network (600588). The cloud business is on the rise, and the central cloud asset position is further recognized. The net return profit will remain at a mixed rate of 17% for the next three years.
(2020-03-29) With the development of the cloud platform's ecology under the guidance of the "College 3.0 Strategy", we have a long-term vision of corporate development and maintain a “holding” rating.
Assumption 1: Under downward pressure from the domestic economy, the company’s software business has been affected to some extent, while the company’s nc product has stopped selling to new customers and has been replaced by a nccloud product, so that the company’s software business will increase at a lower rate. We expect that the company’s share of revenues from traditional software operations will decline from 2020 to 2022, and is expected to fall to around 22% from year to year.
Assumption 2: The company is firmly committed to the cloud strategy, and its revenues have more than doubled for three years in a row; while the company has strengthened its eco-strategic layout, working with the Chinese giants, it is expected that cloud operations will continue to grow at a high rate, driven by synergies. Assumption 3: Financial operations consist mainly of bill payments and p2p financial management.
The policy implications of regulation and the decline in fiscal management in previous years are expected to remain strong in the future, with some impact on corporate financial operations. Corporate payments are growing faster and, with the implementation of integration strategies, they are also expected to lead to more product sales. With steady growth in corporate revenue, we expect revenue from financial operations to be basic.
Assumption 4: Corporate revenues in the first half of the year accounted for about 33-39% of total annual revenues, while net profits from mothers in the first half of the year accounted for 14-40% of the year. Based on this, we believe that the company’s performance is clearly seasonal, with more in recognition of income and net profits in the second half of the year. Given the seasonality of the company’s performance, and the accelerated recovery of company performance following the stabilization of the epidemic (2020q1 net profits are on the decline in the same year).
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.