On 30 October, three quarterly reports were released using the Friends Network, resulting in operating income of $4.619 billion in the first three quarters, a decrease of 7.78 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and operating income of $1,669 million in the first quarter of q3, a decrease of 1.60 per cent compared to the previous quarter.
In the first three quarters, a net return to the mother was achieved - $16 million, with a small loss. In the first three quarters, the cloud industry recorded a gain of $1,381 million, an increase of 76.4 per cent compared to the previous three quarters.
Corporate q3 cloud operations have continued to accelerate, and, in the context of a recurrent q2 outbreak and a 59 per cent increase in cloud revenues in the first half of the year, q3 cloud operations have actively seized market opportunities, implemented catch-up projects and achieved an outbreak of growth with slightly higher rates than anticipated, providing a good basis for achieving growth goals throughout the year.
In terms of income growth, the first three quarters of cloud operations achieved revenue of 1,381 million yuan, an increase of 76.4 per cent over the previous quarter q3 revenue of 631 million yuan over the previous quarter, an increase of 102.6 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which 1,229 million yuan for cloud operations was realized by medium-sized and large enterprises, an increase of 71.7 per cent over the same period.
The rapid growth in corporate cloud business, which was $152 million, increased by 125.8 per cent, has benefited, on the one hand, from the demand inherent in the digital transformation of business and, on the other hand, from the firm’s determination to make a full transition to the cloud by increasing its outreach. In terms of income growth in large and medium-sized enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises, the company’s output has increased.
The number of cloud contracts signed by the company in the last three quarters has more than doubled, to some extent reflecting the size and size of the company’s capture.
Business breakthroughs have been achieved by the digitalization of clients and strategic opportunities for national production substitution. In terms of the number of clients, the cumulative number of clients in corporate cloud services is 6.2732 million, q3 quarterly rings 3006 million more than new clients, compared to 19q3 new clients, a 20% increase.
Large clients still grow by 20% over the same time, reflecting the firm’s strong client capacity and product competitiveness. Paying customers account for 58.10 million clients, q3 of which are in aggregate, in terms of progress in priority products: 1) Large enterprise markets, where companies have released a friend-to-friend innovation platform.
“Waann Securities Researching Computer Industry Depth yombip, Focusing on Four Medium-Standard Eight Areas to Enable Client Business Innovations” was launched along with the launch of the Low Generation Report Friends Network: Corporate Clouds for New Blue Sea, Business
The code development platform yonbuilder, the connecting platform yonlinker, the aiot smartness networking platform, the intellectual innovation platform for shaping the future, the 2020-08-25 Starai enterprise brain, and so on; it has a completely new version of the nccloud cloud creation, cloud integration.
2. "The evaluation of the research computer industry in Huaan Securities Company " , which successfully signed the National Electricity Network, China Sea Oil, China Power Transfer, China General Technology Group, Guizhou Mao, reported that the cloud industry continued to grow, yonbip
2) Medium-sized enterprise markets, companies issued a strategy release, 2020-08-31 yonsuite202009, yonsuite signed a 100-card break at the end of July, and yonsuite successfully signed the Chinese silver contract.
A group of important clients, such as Quan, China Connect, the East Wind Car Parts Group or their affiliates, both within and outside the country.3 In the MSMEs market, companies have joined national partners to conduct more than 2,000 online marketing campaigns and have launched the "000 Lives Support Scheme" to help end-users in online marketing.
In terms of ecological construction, more than 7,500 partners, more than 11,000 products and services have been installed in Soyun Markets as the leading online and underline integrated cloud ecological service platform in the country, with more than 80 cloud-based eco-integrated products on the market and rapid growth in the performance of cloud-based eco-integration products.
Promulgate strategic-level products yombip, the cloud-priority strategy accelerates down at the Year's Business Innovation Congress, re-issuing new strategic-level products -- yonbip, which we believe marks the official opening of the phase of the "friend strategy 3.0-ii" and will also help friends move to social-level platforms.
Youonbip has a technology center, data center, intelligence center, and business center, which supports the financial cloud, human cloud, synergizing cloud, marketing cloud, purchasing cloud, making cloud, supply chain cloud, financial cloud, and so on.
The integrated connectivity platform apilinks businesses and industries assv, helping friends and partners to serve their clients and construct industrial ecology. In Toyonbip, the cloud’s priority strategy is accelerated.
Former friends face great opportunities for corporate cloudization and nationalization, both in terms of technology, policy, endogenous demand, which drives the transformation of firms on top, and in terms of the extension of information technology from the bottom server operating system to the top, and the slowing down of oracle's input into the cloud era, which gives space to be replaced by friendly national production.
The company is expected to build on its business innovation platform, yonbip, to actively take advantage of the wave of large, mega-entrepreneurization and nationalization in order to achieve new growth in the next three decades. We therefore believe that the company will continue to invest in cloud business over the next three to five years, pursue its development strategy as a priority, and eventually grow into a domestic enterprise.
The cloud priority strategy drags profit growth, the long-term development of high-intellectual companies The company achieved a net return profit of $16 million in the first three quarters, with a certain loss, we believe.
During the first three quarters of the software business, income fell by 26.60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the lower Māori payment business continued to yield $170 million in investment returns on technology in the first half of last year. In the first three quarters of this year, the return on investment was only $24 million, or $229 million less.
Driven by a strategy, the previous three quarters saw an increase of 596 personnel over the previous three quarters, bringing the current total to 17852, further increasing the number of key people in research and development, digitally consulting high-end talent, and the introduction of high-quality candidates. We believe that companies will continue to invest in the development of products and market expansion in cloud business in the future.
In the long run, we believe that high investment in the short term will help move the company’s priority strategy forward, opening up more room for growth. The company’s priority strategy continues to fall, q3 returns to rapid growth, and we look forward to a firm’s moving back to business.
(a) The annual revenue of 87.4/106.4/14.3 billion yuan, an increase of 2.7 per cent by 21.8 per cent/34.4 per cent over the year, is expected to continue to grow in revenue from the + Clouds operation, which is accompanied by an increase in the share of cloud operations and increases in the rate of 1) the spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, restrictions on business activity at the enterprise level and less than expected demand for orders;
2) The IT industry has not moved as fast as expected; 3) the policy has slowed down in firms and has not been as aggressive as expected; 4) the trade friction between China and the United States has increased.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.