q3 Continuing high growth and partnership schemes win-win events: the company issued a three-quarter forecast for 2018: in the first three quarters, the company realized a net return profit.
In the first three quarters, a steady and high growth rate of 318 million (+49 per cent) was maintained; in the third quarter, overall performance was maintained at a high rate. Companies were constantly raising brand influence around the overall strategic objective of building a “healthy eye biosphere”
and business efficiency, expansion of operations and high income growth; operating total equity/flow (millions of shares) gold stream growth, which is consistent with operating profits, is reported to reflect a company ' s capacity to manage accounts receivable
Building multi-level network layouts, M&A fund support continues to expand. El ophthalmology (300015) has outperformed market expectations and is efficient and rapidly replicated, with more than 200 hospitals in 2017.
+ Continued high growth in internal + outreach - 2018/08/26. By the end of September 1818, more than 270 ophthalmology hospitals were under the umbrella of companies and M&A funds (up from the beginning of the year).
200, more than 250 by the end of June, covering 30 provinces and municipalities across the country. In an expansionary way, companies and industry M&A funds continue to accelerate the deployment of networks focusing on local and district hospitals through new constructions or acquisitions, exploring further the construction of peer-level diagnostic systems and promoting vertically the province.
Intra-level chain systems were built, horizontal eye centres (clinics) and community eye health service models were expanded to sank medical channels, expanding the radiation radius of the core hospital. In the first half of the year, the company acquired 51% of the shares of the Jianxi El ophthalmology Hospital Ltd. and built a new geese geese summit.
El ophthalmology Clinic Limited; Industrial M & A Fund to accelerate investment in hospitals in the provinces and regions, to reserve more quality targets, and to support the sustainable development and expansion of powerful companies. 3. Equity incentives + partners fully motivate doctors.
Doctoral resources are the most scarce core competitive resource of ophthalmology institutions, with El taking a multi-layered stock incentive plus partner system plus building a first-class medical education platform linking core medical staff to companies into long-term interest communities — currently, there are more than 4,000 ophthalmologists working in hospitals.
The company’s incentive plan is gradually entering the harvest period, and the six-phase equity options plan implemented in 2011 was completed in May 2018. The partnership plan covered more than a thousand doctors in 129 hospitals.
More than three times as much income as before the accession to Al.4 The continuing investment in research and development and academic research, and the steady rise in the academic status of the industry, the research and development and academic platforms of El Al have always been internationally integrated, and the process of internationalization of the strategy is accelerating.
Progress made in the first half of the year included the launch of the Global Near-Visive Eye Data Multicentre project in Honolulu, United States, initiated and led by the All-South University El Eye Academy of Sciences.
Induction and academic research has led to an increase in the authority and voice of the company’s expert team within the industry, and a steady rise in the academic standing of the corporate sector.
El ophthalmological Institute, 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.