Internal performance growth is strong and scientific capacity is increasing.
Lee Ping-ho, the company published its quarterly report for 18 years. The company achieved $6,124 million in operating income in the first three quarters, an increase of 39.75 per cent over the previous three quarters. The net profit of the parent company was $895 million, an increase over the same period.
41.43 per cent; net profit of 920 million yuan (non-recurring gain or loss of -0.25 million in the first three quarters, mainly from other out-of-business expenditures) realized, an increase of 40.14 per cent over the same period, with an increase in the median forecast of company performance.
This represents an increase of 15.31 per cent. Realization of the net profit of 386 million yuan, an increase of 42.53 per cent in the same year and 23.67 per cent in the ring. Realization of eps0.16 yuan in the third quarter.
During the reporting period, as demand for ophthalmological markets continued to grow, the size of the company's operations and brands grew, and the stratification of the chain system improved, the advantages of the scale effect became apparent, with the company as a whole showing a relatively deep 300-percent performance.
Business income and net profits have continued to grow steadily, and growth has been dominated by endogenous growth. Last year, the company collected a total net profit of Euro16.39 million from 17q3.
Still more than 34%, reflecting the continued strong momentum of endogenous growth, the company ' s Māori rate was 47.83% in the first three quarters of 18 years, compared to the six-monthly review of El ophthalmology (300015) in the previous year: industries
The general decline in the three major cost rates reflects the firm’s robust growth and continued positive growth. R & D costs for the first three quarters of the year increased by $60,563.4 million, compared to the same period in the previous year.
Annual El ophthalmology (3,00015): 108.55 per cent of operations, mainly due to the company's continued expansion of clinical applied research and medical self-training institutes
Net cash flows from the company's operations during the reporting period amounted to $1,231 million, up to market expectations, with an increase in long-term profitability granted.
Net sexual cash flows of $452 million, exceeding net profits, reflect the firm’s financial soundness.
The company values the advantages of the science-based research platform and continuously upgrades its academic position within the industry. In September this year, El ophthalmology experts delivered more than 100 academic lectures and keynote speeches at the “cós of the Chinese ophthalmology conference of 2018”; the conference featured 10,597 scholarly papers, and the company accepted 2388 papers, or more than 20% of them.
During the reporting period, seven hospitals and seven mentors became training bases and trainers for the International Eye Council, signalling further international recognition of the firm’s strength and level. The company also created a new “broom class” to develop high-level clinical and scientific combinations during the reporting period, which helps it to develop and capture high-end talent.
The company ' s scientific capacity is increasing, both by upgrading the company ' s medical skills so as to enhance the reputation and profitability of its hospitals in the public at large, and by attracting more ophthalmologists: the company ' s ophthalmologists now account for 10 per cent of the country ' s population, and the ophthalmologists ' participation in the company has increased their pay and their technical skills.
There is a long-standing consensus that the company’s scientific capacity and influence will be strengthened in the future, making it more attractive, ensuring that the company is a leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing size and brand influence, and that the network is well-developed, pe being 61/44/34. We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining its “recommended” rating.
The new hospital was less profitable than expected.