El ophthalmology (300015.sz) El ophthalmology (3,00015): Growing still, events: On the evening of October 26th, El ophthalmology released three quarters before 2018, and the company achieved it in January-September 2018.
Operating income of $6,124 million, an increase of 39.75 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $895 million, an increase of 41.43 per cent in the same year of the same year of the same year; net profit of the mother of $386 million, an increase of 42.53 per cent in the same period of the previous year; and a single-season study group of the pharmaceutical industry
In the third quarter of the U.S.A., where both profits and profits are historically high, ten-carriage growth is still strong, with net return profits of $217 million, $292 million and $386 million, respectively, the first three quarters of the year running on a seasonal scale.
High, the first quarter of the third quarter of the year saw a record rise in both profits and profits, with a significant 32.2 per cent increase in the quarterly profit ring.
The company has grown into the year, El ophthalmology (300015) with over 5 million visits and over 500,000 surgeries in large professional ophthalmology chain hospitals, with strong endogenous growth.
We expect more than 600 (300015) outpatients this year: the industry's top line.
"Li, the inner-life double-wheel-drive performance is high, and the industry's leading position is unshakeable."
We believe that the development model determines the height of the growth of the company. The self-building + extension chain strategy solves the growth speed problem, and the telemedical company evaluates El ophthalmology, one of which is that hospitals operate with heavy assets and cannot grow quickly on the sole basis of their internals; and the other is that it takes time to build a new store to balance profits and losses.
(300015) The company’s performance is disturbed by the reported excess performance. In branding, municipalities (including provincial capitals) that have a shop run have adopted a self-building approach to enhance the door-to-door coverage, and a joint ophthalmology hospital has been set up with more participating industry funds in the new market until it matures.
There are currently more than 200 hospitals in and outside the country's listed company system, of which about 80 are listed, and are expected to be introduced into listed companies at a later stage. Multi-level incentive programmes, such as “partners”, and a well-established training system address the issue of growth stability, with partners covering 129 hospitals, doctors, and doctors for four years.
Teams and hospitals share a common destiny; training programmes such as the Botero Classes, the Photogram Plan, and the Koko (International Eye Council) Training Base provide sufficient reserves for the needs of people in the context of the expansion of the network. At the end of last year, the company had more than 3,000 full-time doctors, accounting for about 10% of the country’s ophthalmologists, and the production and research industry consolidated doctors’ resources to protect the river.
With the number of chains, the size of the collection, or the availability of doctors’ resources, the El ophthalmology industry’s leading position is unshakeable. The company’s absolute leader in the ophthalmology chain hospital, and its likely rate of maintaining a net profit compound annual increase of about 35% over the next three years, with the company’s five-year pe-band swing zone standing 50 times lower, we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Risk of medical safety accidents; new hospitals not making as much profit as expected; monitoring risks.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.