The performance of the Medical Health Research Centre continued to grow at a high rate of internal growth in the third quarter of 2018.
The company achieved operating income of $6,124 million in January-September 2018, an increase of 39.75 per cent in the same year: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $895 million, an increase of 41.43 per cent in the same year. Net profits after deduction of $920 million were outstanding in the third quarter, strong growth in the first quarter of July-September, elimination of overseas operations, and high internal output.
The company ' s combined strength is rapidly growing, with internationalization strategies working in tandem, and the company ' s goods, " New and Old Hospitals are developing into a virtuous circle, with growing internal influence, revegetation, visualization, and cataracts as the core business has a strong competitive advantage. "
The establishment of the Long Star Industry Fund will help companies to integrate high-quality projects, consolidate the replication of the company’s ophthalmological chaining model, and construct a multi-level network layout. National demand for healthy consumption is sunk, closely associated with the high growth of El ophthalmology’s operations, especially in light of the high level of growth.
Companies have always attached great importance to the building and talent development of science and research platforms, and well-developed medium- and long-term incentives that support the company’s rapid chain reproduction expansion. We continue to look at El ophthalmology’s off-site reproduction capabilities, as well as its learning in China, and in the global field of ophthalmology.
The company will continue to build an ecological platform around ophthalmology and serve national ophthalmological health management.
Risk of medical problems; risk of network sinking; risk of medical accidents; delay in the M & A Fund Hospital                                                                         January- September 2018
The company performed well in the third quarter, grew strongly in the single quarter of July-September, eliminated overseas operations, and the company itself achieved its operating income of 2,344 million yuan in July-September 2018, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the same period.
▪ The company achieved operating income of $6.124 billion in January-September 2018, an increase of 39.75 per cent over the same period; attributed to the billions, an increase of 40.14 per cent over the same period.
2. The firm ' s combined strength is rapidly growing, with internationalization strategies combined with growing operations, continued corporate branding, a strong competitive advantage in core business such as luminous, visual and cataracts. 3. The establishment of the Long Star Industry Fund will help companies to integrate quality projects and consolidate their ophthalmological practices.
• Lazhalian, a fully-owned subsidiary, intends to invest $190 million (19 per cent) as a limited partner in the establishment of the Hunan Longsung Medical Industries Management Partnership (Longsung Vision), the General Regulations of the Fund
One billion dollars for the provisional five-year period. The creation of a vision star will invest in and manage ophthalmology hospitals, eye-vision clinics, etc., and will provide companies with more high-quality M&As that they have not been able to develop. The creation of a vision star will facilitate the integration of company M&As.
Quality projects to speed up national networking, improve the layout of the ophthalmology industry chain, provide firm foundations for sustained, rapid and healthy company development, and strengthen and consolidate corporate leadership in the ophthalmology sector.
There are more than 4,000 ophthalmologists in the rest of the family. 5. National demand for healthy consumption has sunk, along with El ophthalmology operations, especially the high growth rate of tangential operations.  Our analysis of samples of more than 200 cities over the past 14 years, in three-line, four-line, five-line cities.
In the last five years, this trend has become more evident: in a sample analysis of the five-line cities, per capita disposable income has increased at an annual compound rate of 11 per cent over the last five years, up from 8.5 per cent in the first-line cities.
Upgrades will cause the national demand for health-care consumption to sink. At the same time, according to our calculations, El ophthalmology’s ophthalmology hospital (developed by the In vitro M&A fund) has reached 70% in three-line and below-line cities, and the market for ophthalmological care is vast.
Figure 8: Distribution of ophthalmology hospitals under the El ophthalmology flag (by city) 6. The company has traditionally focused on building and developing the talent of science and research platforms, and a well-developed medium- and long-term incentive mechanism has provided important support for the rapid replication of the Division ' s chain:
On the basis of the “two houses, two stations” science and research platform, the company has continued to upgrade its overall technical skills through the strategic layout of the recently established “structural studies, research.” In terms of talent development, it is linked to the efficiency of the daily organization of the academic groups of the Consortium's Academic Council and hospitals.
By the end of September 2018, the company had more than 4,000 ophthalmologists. With the steady implementation of its internationalization strategy, the globalization of science, technology, and innovation has advanced, with companies sharing.
The process of global ophthalmologist and ophthalmologist technology will be further accelerated, with the industry’s competitive advantage becoming more competitive and with long-term interest communities forming, the company’s incentives yielding better returns.  The 14 provincial capitals covered by the Provincial Hospital Partner Scheme issued by the company in 2015
The Institute, which has successfully achieved the first phase of its development goals, not only has the hospitals themselves taken up new steps in terms of technology, industry and services, but it has also made better use of the engine drive for local and municipal hospitals in the provinces  The first release of the second and first release of the restricted stock incentive scheme in 2016 has been completed.
The partnership program and the provincial partners’ program also deliver some of the hospital partners’ incentives. Investment proposals and profit projections:  We keep our eye on Al ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities, and in China and the global ophthalmology field.
In the future, the company will continue to build an ecological platform around ophthalmology and serve national ophthalmological health management.
Risk of late injection; construction of district hospitals at lower rate than expected, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged final rating as average market investment