The Texas base expands to high-end products, the Jaeju base gasification platform, the Waruheungl (600426.sh) – low-cost advantage resonance with new production capacity, company growth time, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
The company is a coal-chemical leader, relying on advanced water-powder gas technologies and greater synthesizing gas, to become a competitive low-cost advantage. The company’s industrial chain is gradually shifting towards new energy sources, such as dmc, emc, nylon 66.
Cost advantages. Since 2022 q3, most of the company ' s chemical products have been reduced to historical lows, and we have pushed down the company ' s twin bases in Qing and Qingzhou together, and the company ' s future growth will be strong. The company will continue to extend to high-value-added products in terms of building capacity, i.e., the Texas base.
In June 2023, it is expected that projects such as 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, and 150,000 tons of dmf will be phased in. The twin bases of Texas and Qingzhou will move in hand, and the company will grow in time as new production becomes sustainable.
• In view of the recovery of the domestic economy and the gradual release of the added capacity, companies are expected to rise in volume prices. Since 2022 q3, they have been affected by the epidemic, demand for chemicals has weakened, most of their products have continued to fall down to the bottom, and firm performance has become apparent. As of 3 March 2023, companies acetic acid, dmc, dmf, etc.
The price differentials for products such as adipic acids and endemides (since 2016) are below 30%. According to our Dmfs, the price differentials are down at the bottom, the future industry estimates that the company's share of the economy in important areas such as agriculture, spinning and new energy sources increased in 2022.
Q2 performance remains high, leading to dynamic growth, and performance is expected to rebound as the company’s new production capacity continues to fall, or increases in volume.
Growth of New Materials Business - Corporate Information Update 1, Enhanced Gasification Platform Overlaying Control Costs, Corporate Performance Growth 1.1, Extension of the Texas Base Industry Chain to High-end Products, Emission Gasification Platform of the Texas Base
After many years of development, the company has developed a strong development strategy: (1) has a low production cost advantage. The company relies on advanced water-powder gasification technology, which connects coal to coal.
The company created three main gasification platforms, Nitrogen Fertilizer, Carbon I, Pyro-Synthesis, and a “Multi-line” flexible production model with gasification at its core, which can be adapted to market changes.
At the end of the year, the company ' s main fertilizer, acetic acids and derivatives, organamines, new materials, four major business plates with annual urea 1.8 million tonnes, dmf 330,000 tonnes, acetic acid 500,000 tonnes, butol/octol 200,000 tonnes, ethanol 550,000 tonnes, carbon acid dimethylethrin (dmc) 300,000 tonnes, adihydrazine 32.66 million tonnes, vinylamine 300,000 tonnes, nylon 6 slices 20
Many products, such as tons, are productive, and the end-points involve many important economic areas, such as textile clothing, industry, real estate, and new energy sources, giving companies a certain ability to counter fluctuations in the chemical cycle. The company is now moving forward with the construction of a high-end product project for the Texas base, and the construction of a second production base, the Jianzhou base.
According to the company's annual report, the company's Texas base builds high-end electronic solvents and nylons.
In the case of high-end products such as materials, the industrial chain extends to higher-value-added products. In the case of high-end electronic solvents, the company will build an annual production facility of 300,000 tons of dmc, 300,000 tons of methyl ester carbonate (emc) and 50,000 tons of diethyl carbonate (dec).
With regard to nylon materials, the company plans to build 80,000 tonnes/year nylon66, 200,000 tonnes/year hydrazine, 42,000 tonnes/year hydrazine and ancillary production devices, which are expected to be in production in 2024.
At that time, the company will form a nylon cluster of new materials whose main source is adipic acid, nylon6 and nylon66. For other materials, the company proposes to build a 300,000 tonnes/year binary acid project, which will use hydrolysis techniques to reduce impurities in herbic acid to meet the high quality of new energy, herbate and rare earth industries.
In the meantime, the Texas base continues to dig for subside efficiency gains and build three more high-efficiency boilers in replacement of new capacity. After the production of the above-mentioned high-value-added products is put into production, the company’s profitability is expected to increase steadily, and the company’s performance is expected to increase steadily in order to further develop the company.
In November 2020, construction began in the Hubei River Economic Development Area. According to the company’s announcement, the company built a new gasification platform at the Qingzhou base to further expand coalification capacity, which is expected to replicate the low-cost advantages of the Texas base.
(i) A project on a park gas platform (phase I). The company uses an autonomous intellectual property right and an internationally advanced multi-pesser water gasification technology to build four gas furnaces, accompanied by two empty sub-sets, three high-temperature, pressurized coal-powder boilers and public engineering facilities, re-engineering gasification platforms, or continuing the low-cost advantage of the Texas base;
(ii) Integrated Synthetic Gas Utilization Project (phase I). Companies use coal for efficient and clean use of production technologies to build capacity in the production of 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 150,000 tons of dmf, etc. The project will take full advantage of the experience of the production of gasification products in Texas and strengthen the company's “one-line” industrial layout;
The project includes the construction of 160,000 tons of ammonium per year, 800,000 tons of ammonium carbonate, 800,000 tons of ammonium carbonate, and the production of acetic anhydride.
520,000 tons of urea, 100,000 tons of acetic anhydride, or production capacity, based on urea and acetic acid, along the industrial chain, for high-value-added products.
In addition to the low-cost production advantages that the Division is expected to have at its base in Jingzhou, and to further optimize the gasification platform and lower production costs for its products, which have a high start in development, we believe that the company base in Jingzhou has followed up with strong momentum, mainly as a result of: (1) stable coal supply. The country’s longest-distance railway for coal transport.
The Hoji Railway provides a stable supply of coal for the production of the Jingzhou base. (2) Transport facilities. On land transport, according to company announcements and the Wuhan network of the Wuhan branch of the Central Iron Bridge, the company will build and operate its own power plant from the public platform of the Lake North River River, which will be used exclusively for the transport of raw materials such as coal and fertilizers.
The company can transport raw materials and products at a lower cost through the river masonry terminal and sell the products to the river basin. (3) Industrial land is abundant. According to the company announcement, the government of 2,300 acres of industrial land was provided for the first phase of the company’s project, with lots reserved for the second phase and subsequent development.
At 2,500 acres, the company’s subsequent planable land is still abundant. We believe that Qingzhou bases are expected to have low production cost advantages, combined with sufficient coal supply and abundant industrial land, and that Qing County bases will be the second largest growth in corporate performance, leading to a parallel development of both Texas and Qingzhou bases and a complementary North-South radiation zone.
1.2 A company is a Shandong State Enterprise, with equity incentives that fully stimulate development. Three-quarterly reports, with Shandong Local State Corporation, holding shares in Wallu Hisung-Il Group Limited, with a share of 32.06 per cent; the effective control is the Shandong State Finance Committee, with an indirect share of 19.62 per cent.
There is a holding subsidiary, Warlu Hisung-jung Company Ltd., which invests $2.1 billion, $600 million, $300 million, and shares 70%, 20%, and 10%, respectively, from companies, the Waru Group, which invests in a market-based operating platform for financing and capital operations of the Wallu Group, for high-quality development of the business owners of the Group.
With a clear and stable structure, Jingzhou’s affiliates, controlled by listed companies, are able to contribute efficiently to the construction of the Jingzhou base project, or to better integrate the coordinated development of both Texas and Jingzhou bases and maximize corporate profitability. The incentives and compliance requirements for equity incentives are increasing, and companies are becoming more marketable.
Since 2015, companies have cumulatively implemented three types of equity incentives, characterized by: (1) continuous increases in incentives. According to company announcements, the number of incentives, awards, and the number of incentives per equity incentive.
According to the company announcement, the main conditions for the third phase of the lifting of the restrictions are: the ability of the company to deliver and its confidence in future performance growth. In the context of its efforts to fine-tune the cost of reducing capital and increase the production capacity of the product to boost revenue growth, in addition to being affected by the 2020 epidemic, the company has been able to increase its performance.
During the rest of the period, corporate performance successfully met the performance targets of the current year’s equity incentive. Corporate performance targets were generally completed on schedule, reflecting a strong strategic profile of the company’s leadership, which is constantly driving corporate performance growth.
1.3 The advantages of low production costs resonance with additional production capacity, and the increased ability of companies to withstand swings in their performance Continuous expansion of energy gasification platforms, superseding flexible multi-production business models, and a stronger bottom-of-performance capacity of companies. Since 2016, companies have experienced two industry upswing cycles and two industry downswing cycles.
Product matrices and low-cost production advantages, driven by a flexible multi-production business model, have gradually increased the ability of companies to withstand product price cyclical fluctuations, allowing companies to maximize their performance in different chemical price cycles, and their ability to perform is evident.
According to company announcements, the tightness of the supply of products such as urea, acetic acid, adipic acid, etc., began to decline in q4 in 2016. During this period, companies were able to earn some excess gains because of their relatively low-cost advantages.
Reversely expanding gasification platforms, with 500,000 tonnes/year of ethanol, 50,000 tonnes/year of melamine, etc. in late 2018; H1 100,000 tonnes/year of melamine in 2020, further reinforcing low-cost, scale advantages.
As the domestic epidemic is effectively controlled, downstream demand for chemicals continues to rise. Add to the rise in international energy prices, the company invested 100,000 tonnes/dmf/year; in 2021, the company invested 100,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid, 1666 tonnes/year of acid, 300,000 tonnes/year of dmc, 300,000 tonnes/year of antiamide, and so forth.
In 2022, q3, with high coal prices and weak demand, the company’s performance fell to a low point. According to the company’s three seasons, prices were high, the company’s product price was significantly reduced, and performance was under pressure.
Figure 5: Since 2016, low-cost advantages have been matched by additional productive capacity, the ability of companies to withstand swings in their performance has increased, with companies continuously exploiting potential efficiency gains and growing profitability across sectors. Companies insist on technological leadership and innovation driven by a 1.9% R & D cost in the first three quarters of 2022, which is $433 million, a year-on-year increase.
62.25%. Benefiting from the company ' s growing R & D capacity, the company ' s technology transformation project is on the ground, helping the company to increase its profitability through the upgrading of old dynamic energy. After the company ' s cleaner production improvement project landed in 2017, and the three multi-year dmc, lysic acid, etc., technology transformation projects, the company ' s new material product plate M & A rate will increase significantly in the future.
Companies will continue to exploit potential efficiency gains and increase the profitability of their portfolios.
Figure 8: Corporate Māori rate by sector as a whole since 2016 shows an overall upward trend,2 the multi-dimensional extension of the industrial chain to new materials products, the profitability of the company or further 2.1,dmc: downstream demand is good, additional capacity is high and the company is expected to benefit from low-cost advantages
2.1.1. Demand: pc and additional production capacity of the electrolyte is expected to lead to an increase in demand in the dmc and the electrolyte industry, or to a rapid increase in demand in the dmc.
In mid-2022, the industrial level dmc was used mainly in polycarbonate, glue and coatings, solid light gas, and photographic fluids, with 32 per cent, 11 per cent, 10 per cent, and 8 per cent of demand in various fields, respectively; in 2022, the electronic level dmc downstream was used in the electrolytic fluid industry, with 39 per cent.
The growth in demand for liquids is driven by a rapid increase in the demand for dmc. According to the data on the mosaic, the increase in consumption from 2018 to 2022 is sustained at a rate of 28.04% per year. The demand for pc, lithium cell electrolytes will increase further in the future, and is expected to drive a sustained increase in the demand for dmc.
At the end of demand, pc is one of the five work-range plastics that is widely applied to electronics, automobiles, panels, CDs, etc., with high mechanical intensity and permeability. Since 2017, the demand for light quantification in the electronics and automobiles industry has increased, pc
Demand is on the rise. According to the data, the annual compound increase in consumption for 2018-2022 pc is 5.40%. Currently, we are predominantly producing low-end pc products, with high-end products heavily dependent on imports. According to the data, although import dependence on pc has declined every year since 2018, it was imported in 2022.
The demand for pc will continue to rise in the future, driven by factors such as the growth of the automobile industry and import substitution. At the supply end, the non-luminous pc process is a greener and more efficient pc production process.
According to data such as the Kiwakawa Mobil, the Lung People's Information, it is expected that non-luminous pc capacity will reach 2.2 million tonnes per year in 2025. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the new non-luminous pc production capacity is expected to generate 916,000 tonnes of industrial dmc per year, based on 0.4 tonnes of industry level dmc required to produce 1 ton of non-luminous pc.
Figure 13: dmc is the main raw material for non-luminous pc construction plan but does not disclose the capacity to produce at the specific time of commissioning. Lithium cell output has increased significantly, and is expected to lead to an increase in demand for electronic level dmc.
Solvent quality in electrolyte is as high as 80% to 90%, so the quality of solvents determines the quality of lithium batteries. The carbonate substances are currently used for a wider range of electronic-grade solvents, including ethylene carbonate (ec), pc carbonate (pc), dimethyl carbonate (dmc), methyl ethyl carbonate (emc) and diacetate carbonate (dec).
Subgrade dmc has the advantage of high compatibility with other solvents, low viscosity, improved circulation efficiency of lithium batteries and, as an important intermediate, is capable of synthesizing important electronic solvents such as emc and dec through ester exchange, thus making dmc a larger fraction of the electronic solvent.
The use of the electrolyte is 30-40%. And it is precisely because dmc is used more in the electrolyte, the future increase in lithium battery output or the demand that will effectively drive the electron level of dmc. According to high-tech lithium forecasts, the annual compound increase is 38.34%, which is expected to drive the rapid growth in the demand for the electron level of dmc.
2.1.2, dmc supply and demand outlook: Industry capacity increases faster, industry competition increases faster or further increases dmc production, and industry competition increases further. On the demand side, industrial level dmc is driven by non-luminous pc capacity growth, and electronic level dmc is driven by lithium battery output growth, no
The demand for dmc continues to increase. According to our estimates, the demand for dmc is expected to be significant or will continue to benefit from the company ' s coal-based by-product production during the period 2023-2025. According to our statistics, the main methods for preparing dmc at the industrial level are: po/eo ester exchange, gas phase/liquid methanol carbon oxidation,
Coal ethanol by-products, urea decomposition, 2022 processes yielding 39%, 15%, 20%, 4%, 11%, 11%, respectively. The advantage of the company’s dmc coal by-products is that: (1) multi-product co-production can be achieved. The company can generate dmc by dehydrate, hydrolyte, ethylene diol by hydrogen.
Dmc+ethanol+graic acid cogeneration, which allows companies to adjust the production capacity of co-production products to market dynamics. In fact, the annual production cost of industry level dmc is consistent with q4 in 2022, and the demand for industry level dmc in 2023 is 710,000 tonnes, which we calculate from data from the environmental evaluation reports of companies such as Hualu Hengl, Hainanhua Sein and others, 2023
dmc has a marginal price of demand of $4.677/t, a secure margin of the company or $971/t. Thus, the company ' s coal-based by-products of ethanol have the advantage of multi-product co-production and lower production costs, and the company may continue to benefit against a better demand for dmc.
Low production costs add up to provide an overall solution, and companies are expected to take the lead in the dmc industry. The company’s industry class dmc, which has the advantage of low production costs, will support the company’s development of electronic levels of dmc, methyl esters of carbonate (emc) and diethylenes of carbonate (dec) along the industry chain, thereby generating additional profits for the company.
Long point. In terms of industry demand, the single solvent system does not meet the performance requirements of the electrolyte, usually recombining multiple electrolytes to enhance the overall performance of the battery and to obtain a solution with a high and a low degree of viscosity in the medium constant. The company has now successfully delivered 300,000 tonnes/dmc/year in January 2023, and the company will prepare emc/dec with dmc as a feedstock.
The company will be able to provide an overall solution to the electrolyte solution for households when the company is able to produce 300,000 tonnes/year emc, 50,000 tonnes/year dec in March 2023. The low production cost advantages add up to the overall solution, and the competitive market for public-sector dmc products is expected to push the company forward to the dmc industry.
2.2, emc: Businesses with “dmc-emc” co-opts are expected to benefit on a sustainable basis. 2.2.1, Emc demand: Rapid growth in emc demand, driven by new energy sector developments. Rapid growth in emc demand, driven by new energy sector developments.
One of the characteristics of an electronic class solvent is that: (1) the molecular structure has both methyl and ethyl glutens and, as a result, the properties of dimethyl carbonate (dmc) and diethyl carbonate (dec) are combined: (2) Emc also has performance advantages such as a low viscosity, a wider liquid range and a high degree of hypothermia: (3) Emc has a good solubility of lithium salt,
It has the advantage of increasing battery energy density, discharge capacity, safety performance, useful life, etc. So, emc can be adapted to electrolyte in almost all applications, with a wide range of applications. According to the Center for Research in Creative Industries, China ' s demand for methyl ester carbonate in 2021 was 13.950,000 tons, an increase of 94.7% over recent years.
Rapid growth in the energy sector has led to rapid growth in the demand for emc. 2.2.2, emc supply: Industry capacity has increased rapidly, considering the ester exchange of enterprises with “dmc-emc” production as a common process, and enterprises with “dmc-emc” production will have “dmc-emc” production.
Cost advantage. Currently, the process of producing emc through ester exchange is more commonly used in industrial production based on dmc and ethanol, which is characterized by: (1) green reaction processes; mild, catalytic efficiency, relatively simple processes; (2) recycled by-products; and dmc and ethanol reacting by-products of methanol.
Methanol can again be used as a raw material for dmc production. Thus, plants that produce emc in ester exchange with dmc and emc devices will have a greater cost advantage.
In spite of the faster growth in industrial capacity, only firms such as Warlusingl, Xinhua, and Seafood have “dmc-emc” accompanied capacity, which will have a relatively low-cost yield advantage. And companies use coal to produce ethanol as a legal dmc compared to companies with the same capacity.
This is lower, which in turn creates a greater cost advantage for the company ' s emc products. Thus, the company ' s emc products are more competitive in the market and are expected to contribute to the growth of the company ' s performance in the light of the demand of the company.
At the end of the demand: demand for emc will continue to rise, driven by rapid growth in the volume of lithium from domestic and international ponds. According to high-tech lithium projections, global lithium battery output is expected to be 1,400, 1,850, 2,396gwhh for emc in 2023-2025.
At the end of the supply: based on data such as 36 kryptons and crowd information, the industry has a faster capacity to add production, while, according to data such as the Moor of Begawa, as of 3 March 2023, the price of emc was at a low level since 2018, at $9,750 per ton, thus partly planned production at lower prices in the industry.
The availability of production time may be delayed, the supply and demand of the industry is expected to be rebalanced, the benefits of production are available, and the production cost advantages are 2.3, Grass Acid: The silicone climate is expected to remain high, driven by emerging downstream demand 2.3.1, Stractic acid demand: the traditional demand is symbiotic with emerging demand, the silicone climate is high.
In 2022, the downside demand boom caused high price shocks. The main products of the herbal acid industry, according to the moor data, included industrial herbic acid, refined herbic acid and herbate derivatives, and downstream markets were concentrated in rare soil, new energy, medicine, etc. applications in 2022 were 30%, 30%, and 20% respectively.
The price difference for acetic acid as at 31 December 2000 was RMB 6,500, for a difference of RMB 4,111 per tonne, and the price difference since 2 March 2020 was 77 per cent and 66 per cent respectively. The increase in the temperature of acetic acid in 2022 was due, on the one hand, to the steady development of downstream traditional demand: (1) the phase-out of environmental production limits in the pharmaceutical industry and the gradual increase in the rate of production of energy;
(2) The six main rare earth groups in the rare earth industry are nearing the end of their integration, and industrial malignant competition has led to the release of domestic rare earth production, while overseas mining of rare earth mining has been rebooted to further expand our herb-acid exports. On the other hand, the new downstream industries have expanded widely: refined herbic acid and herbate derivatives can be used in lithium cell material, electronic panels clean-up.
Washing agents, the manufacture of electronic ceramics, the purity of new materials in the rare earth, and the cleaning of photo-voltage stone sands are many areas of rapid development. The traditional downstream demand for herbs is driven by a steady build-up of rapidly growing demand for the new downstreams, and the demand for herbs continues to rise, causing high price shocks.
In the future, there will be a steady increase in demand in traditional areas such as pharmaceuticals, rare earths and low-soils downstream of industrial-grade herbs, while demand in emerging areas such as new energy sources and photovoltaics, such as refined herbs and derivatives, is expected to contribute significantly to the increase in demand for herbs.
For example, herbic acid is used for cleaning and purification of photovoltage glass stone sands. According to the China Association of Photovoltage Industries, the total amount of additional PV installed will increase from 240gw in 2022 to 330gw in 2025, while the continued growth of PV will hopefully lead to a further increase in the demand for herbic acids; for herbate, the demand for new energy industries is based on the demand for new energy sources.
For example, herbic acid can be used to produce iron for herbic acid, and thus to produce lithium phosphate. Because of the relatively low impurities and stable structure of the iron phosphate compound, the production capacity of the process route “herbic acid-herbate suburbium-phosphate” has increased in recent years, leading to a rapid increase in the demand for herbic acid, which is represented by a large shareholding,
In the end of 2022, there were 125,000 tons of phosphate, 152,000 tons of lithium production capacity, and in 2023 it is expected to increase to 300,000 tons. According to the data from the study of the conditions of crystallization of the iron-water-based phosphate-based phosphate-based phosphoric-protein phosphoric-protein-protein-based phosphorus.
In addition to this, the demand is expected to increase further in the future in a number of fast-growing areas, such as electronic ceramics, fresh-earth materials, and pure materials.
Figure 20: Increased production capacity of iron phosphate synthetic lithium herbate will lead to an increase in demand for herbic acids 2.3.2. Supply of herbic acids: the company is the leading company in the herbic acid industry and is expected to continue to benefit with low-cost advantages. The company has low-cost and size advantages and is expected to continue to benefit in the process of increasing the temperature of herbic acid.
In the industry, the competitive advantage of companies is that: (1) there is a low-cost production advantage. Most of the production processes in the country's herbic acid industry are still based on carbon-hydrate oxidation and sodium methic acid, which are more costly to produce, while the company has a lower cost or level of production of herbic acid in the “coal-gas-heraic acid” process. (2) There is an advantage of scale.
The production of herbic acid is more difficult to expand, and the industry is concentrated on the head. According to data such as the Begawan Mobil and the Texas News Network, the production of herbic acid in 2022 was about 910,000 tonnes/year, of which Walluhingl (200,000 tonnes/year), Dragonfung (150,000 tonnes/year), Toyomoto shares (1.2 million tonnes/year) and Cr3 were industry leaders.
The company will further consolidate its industry leader as a core supplier in the downstream sector. Therefore, as a leader in the herbic acid industry, the company is expected to continue to benefit from the industry’s rapid growth at a low cost and on a scale.
2.3.3. Supply and demand outlook for herbic acids: the sector has tight supply and demand, the temperature is expected to remain high, and the demand for herbic acid is expected to remain high. At the demand end, demand is expected to continue to rise in the future, driven by new energy and photovoltaic demand. According to our estimates, the demand for herbic acid in 2021 is around 2021.
Tight balance, leading to a high industrial climate. 2.4. p. 66: p. 66 is rapidly growing, and the industry is likely to be under 2.4.1. p. 66 demand: p. 66 is excellent and demand growth potential is high
Pa66 has excellent performance and higher demand growth potential. For downstream uses, pa66 is a thermal plastic resin, usually made of adipic acid and adiamine. As a result of its salient features in terms of strength, grindability, etc., pa66 is widely used in the field of high-performance engineering plastics and high-end fibres.
Pa66 has the highest percentage of applications in the engineering resin sector, 61%. On the demand side, according to the Ingenuity data, from 2017 to 2021, it was limited to the import of predamine feedstocks, and its capacity was insufficient in the country, resulting in an apparent demand of less than 600,000 tons and higher import dependence.
In 2022, the high incidence of the epidemic led to a weakening of downstream demand, with its apparent annual consumption of 5694 million tons, an increase of 10.38%. Looking forward to future demand, with the country’s increasing demand for high-performance engineering plastics and the demand for high-end outdoor clothing materials, the demand for Pa66 is increasing.
2.4.2. Pa66 Supply: A breakthrough in the production of diazole, which is expected to support the sustainability of the production of p. 66, and p. 66, which is expected to support the sustainability of the production of p. 66. According to creative information and dependence on imports, the price of diazine has been high for years, making p. 66 less profitable, and businesses less profitable.
At the end of July 2022, 200,000 tonnes/year of 2-nitrogen devices were able to access the full process (butadiene method), which contributed to an increase in the capacity of Pa66 and to an increase in the rate of start-up. At the end of 2022, according to the data, the domestic capacity of Pa66 at the end of 2022 was 750,000 tonnes/year.
Tens of thousands of tonnes/year of pa66 capacity is required to consume 1.64 million tonnes/year of dichlorfon. According to the interface news, mass daily newspapers, etc., in 2025 the country is expected to have more than 2 million tonnes/year of diazole capacity, and if the capacity is successfully put into production, the supply will be sufficient to support the sustainability of Pa66’s planned production.
Construction plans were published but production capacity was not announced at the time of commissioning) 2.4.3, pa66 supply and demand outlook: pa 66 output is growing faster and industry climate is going to be under pressure
The total annual demand for Pa6+pa66 is 4.48 million tons. According to the Petrochemical Forum, the ratio of product use between Pa66 and Pa6 in developed industrialized countries, such as Europe and the United States, is approximately 1:1. Therefore, we make the following optimistic assumptions: (1) On the basis of the above assumptions, we can measure that domestic demand for Pa66 is expected to be about 2.52 million tons in 2025.
At the end of supply: based on data such as the Chemical Oil Bulletin, the Group of People, etc., it is expected that industry will produce more than 3.32 million tons per year by 2025, with a faster rate of productivity growth. And, according to current prices, since 2022, affected by the epidemic, low downstream demand, and international geopolitical conflicts that have led to a fall in the price of pure benzene and glymide, supporting the cost of pa66.
The price of Pa66 has been declining since 2022. In the future, when the industry is well supplied, the price of pa 66 will be high, the industry will have a strong climate, profits or the possibility of moving upstream, and firms with a co-optimal or dichloride product will be more competitive in the market.
2.5. Adipic acid: The demand for downstream p66, pbat has increased, the industry climate has begun to recover 2.5.1, the demand for adipic acid: the capacity of p66 and pbat has increased significantly, and demand for adipic acid is expected to increase further since 2017.
Adipic acid is used for the production of pa66, 23.81% for the production of slurry, 21.4% for the production of shoe soles, and 19.8% for the production of tpu. According to the data on the moor, the demand for downstream polyurethane products increased from 2017 to 2021, and the consumption of didipic acids increased from year to year, particularly as a result of the re-entry process and the downstream pbat production in 2021.
With a significant increase, the demand for adipic acid rose further to 157.2 million tons, or 30.71 per cent in the same year. In 2021, with the recovery of the overseas economy, demand for the export of adipic acid also increased significantly, reaching 3981 million tons, or 30.44 per cent. In 2022, it was affected by recurrent outbreaks, international geo-conflicts, and so on, the consumption of adipic acid.
The growth in volume and exports slowed, but remained high, at 142.47 and 40.16 million tons, respectively. In the future, the production capacity of the Pa66 and pbat industries downstream will expand significantly, and demand for the adipics sector is expected to increase.
For pbat, there is wide scope for the development of pbat under a restraining order, and according to the July 2022 statistics of the China Synthetics Association, it is projected to be in 2025.
The pbat sector is expected to drive about 3.9 million tons of DSD. Overall, the growth in the demand for DSD is more certain, and the industry is expected to continue to improve.
2.5.2. Supply of adipic acid: The industry has a strong monopoly pattern, competition in the future may increase, and the leading firms are more competitive. In terms of capacity, since 2017, the sector has experienced a relatively small increase in capacity owing to the tightening of environmental policies and strong competition in the industry.
In terms of industry patterns, as a result of increased competition in the industry, partial closure of high-cost production devices, and higher concentration in the industry.
To reach 82.93%, leading firms in the industry are more competitive. The future growth of competition in the industry is largely reflected in the rapid growth of manufacturing capacity.
In: (a) the concentration of production in the leading enterprises has declined. According to data from Lon, the planned production capacity for the year 2023-2024 was 2.44 million tonnes per year, and by 2024, the industrial output would be over 5.34 million tonnes per year, of which the petrochemical industries, such as cr5 Helium petrochemicals, Gure petrochemicals and others, were released down by virtue of an industrial chain advantage based on pure benzene.
In the short term, it may be profitable or open in the short term.
The recovery was mainly due to: (1) the industry’s bottom line and the prospect of a recovery in the price gap. The current decline in crude oil prices is accompanied by a decline in the price of pure benzene, while the industry’s willingness is stronger and the price gap is on the rise: (2) the industry’s supply and demand pattern is positive. According to the Chemical Oil Bulletin, the public information, and the Walluhein ICE report, only Pa66 was produced in 2023.
To reach 500,000 tonnes/year, the production of 1 ton of Pa66 consumes 0.65 tonnes of adipic acid, which is expected to generate a 325,000 tonnes/year increase in demand for adipic acid, while 440,000 tonnes/year of new production of adipic acid in 2023, or p66, are expected to digest most of the additional capacity of adipic acid. In the long run, there is still room for improvement in the industry landscape.
Competition in the adipics sector will increase, but it is expected that the industry will increase further as a result of the faster expansion of production capacity downstream, such as p66, pbat, and better demand. The competitive advantage of a company’s adipic products is highlighted, and it is expected to continue to reap industrial dividends.
In this context, companies still have a strong competitive advantage in the adipic acid industry: (1) they have a low-cost production advantage. Companies acquire low-cost hydrogen gas from the coal-based hydrogen-gas process and are equipped with nitric acid. (2) they have a larger advantage.
In the future, with the company’s low-cost and large-scale production advantages, it is expected that the industry’s dividends will be realized in the midst of a bottom-up rise in the profitability of the company. The underlying coal industry’s product boom or steady upturn will safeguard the company’s fundamentals.
3.1. urea: Demand rigidity plus additional capacity is limited, supply and demand will either maintain a tight balance pattern 3.1.1, urea demand: real estate and vehicle urea demand or will drive a further increase in urea demand 2022, increased agricultural demand combined with the introduction of a policy of summer tube fertilizer reserves and a modest increase in urea demand.
In 2015, the Ministry of Agriculture launched the Zero Fertilizer Growth Initiative for 2020 and the supply side reform for 2016, while urea consumption remained stable at around 50 million tons in 2017-2021, of which urea demand increased from 7.85 per cent to 54.27 million tons in 2021. The increase in urea demand in 2022 was mainly due to:
(1) Increased demand for agricultural applications. After the outbreak, the country placed greater emphasis on food security, and the conflict in the Russian Federation affected the global food supply. Since 2022, higher prices for agricultural products such as wheat and maize have led to higher prices for nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium. On the one hand, higher prices for agricultural products have increased farmers’ incentives to grow, thereby increasing farmers’ fertility.
Demand for urea: On the other hand, urea has a significant economic advantage because price increases are smaller than those for phosphate and potassium fertilizer. The overall price of urea and small particles like ammonium chloride and ammonium sulphate have been at historically low levels since 2022, making composite fertilizer firms more likely to use urea to produce high nitrogen compound fertilizer.
At the end of 2021, for the first time, the country introduced a “summer tube fertilizer” policy.
The Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, together with the parties concerned, arranged a temporary reserve of 3.27 million tons of summer tube fertilizer, which began to be released to the market as required in June 2022. The policy of summer tube fertilizer, combined with the commercial availability of regularized fertilizers, increased market demand for urea and, to some extent, created a tight price situation for the 2022 h1.
The demand for urea in the real estate sector and in the vehicle sector may increase, leading to a further increase in the demand for urea. For the year 2023, agricultural demand will remain stable, and the real estate sector and vehicle use of urea will either increase demand for urea.
In real estate, as the domestic economy recovers, and as real estate projects begin, the premises are being built.
Demand for industrial panels and melamine is expected to increase further. In the case of vehicle urea, our vehicle emission standards have been met at the national level by six standards, which makes it necessary for diesel trucks, N2/n3, to be heavily infested with urea, to reduce the emissions of nitrogen oxides.
Since 2016, as a result of supply side reforms, low-end urea capacity has continued to clear. Since 2020, policies such as carbon neutrality and energy consumption control have again limited urea capacity expansion.
Chang. According to the data on the Mobil, the urea capacity fell from 68.47 million tons in 2018-2022 to 65.2 million tons in urea. The annual rate of urinary initiation reached 87.57%. Looking at the future supply pattern of the industry, according to the 14th Five-Four Industrial Green Development Plan, the urea productivity increase will be strictly controlled during the 14th Five-Five.
According to the Chinese Association of Nitrogen Fertilizer Industries, in August 2022, the price of raw materials and demand support in the industry is strong, and the urea climate may have risen steadily. In 2022, h1, the urea price differentials were maintained, driven by high coal prices and increased demand for agricultural applications.
In 2023 q1, urea prices fell to the bottom. With agriculture and agricultural demand on 3 March, urea prices varied by 2,750, 987 yuan/tonne, 76% and 69% of the price differentials since 2016. Looking at 2023, demand ends: fertilization by agriculture provides stable demand support for urea.
At the same time, the real estate sector and vehicle urea demand may be driving a further increase in the demand for urea, which is on the positive side: at the end of the spectrum: the industry has fewer new productive capacity and the industry supply is expected to continue. Overall, the urea landscape is expected to increase or show a steady increase in 2023, driven by strong coal prices and demand growth.
3.2. Acetic acid: The industry provides a wide supply and the acetic mood may still be under pressure 3.2.1, Acetic acid demand: recovery of the demand for downstream spinning suits and continuation of the luminous atmosphere, or co-incentivization of the demand for acetic acid demand Recovery of the demand for downstream spinning and continuation of the luminous atmosphere, or co-incentive of the demand for acetic acid.
According to data, acetic acid was mainly used in 2022 for the production of pta (precursed benzyl acid), ethylene acetic acid and ethyl acetic acid, with demand of 34%, 20%, 19%, respectively. According to data on the moor and our calculations, the demand for acetic acid in 2022 was mainly in industry, textile clothing, with demand of 46% and 44%, respectively.
Steady developments in the area of assembly have contributed to a sustained increase in demand for acetic acid, with a small overall increase in acetic acid consumption since 2017. According to the data from the Mobil, the consumption of acetic acid was 6.84 million tons in 2022 and 3.78 per cent of the annual compound increase in acetic acid consumption between 2017 and 2021. Acetic acid is expected to recover demand for textile clothing downstream of pta, acetic acid.
Demand is expected to increase continuously, owing to factors such as the maintenance of high temperatures in the ethylene sub-marine field. 3.2.2, Acetic acid supply: future industrial capacity will increase further, industry competition will increase, industry capacity will increase further, industry competition will increase.
The growth rate of industrial output is slowed by factors such as intensification. The 2022 Acetic Acetic Acid production is 10.51 million tonnes per year, an increase of 7.17% from the same year.
In the future, industry capacity will continue to increase, especially with the addition of 4.3 million tons of new capacity and acetic acid into a new cycle of expansion. The industry will be well supplied, and the acetic acid landscape will remain under pressure.
By March 3, 2023, the price difference for acetic acid was 3,500 and 1,243 tons, respectively, which is 25% and 9%, respectively, since 2016. For the year 2023, demand:
In the future, production capacity at pta and eva is rapidly increasing, adding up the country’s economy is expected to move out of the lowlands, or will drive the need for acetic acid to increase; at the supply end, construction of some of the proposed capacity may slow down in the event of a low industry climate. In particular, short-term in-house capacity will be less likely to be released after the company’s 1 million tonnes/year Acetic Acetic Acid capacity.
Industry demand will either warm up, add to production capacity or decrease in the same ratio, supply will tighten, or promote acetic acid profitability to 3.3, dmf: increased industry competition, industry climate or pressure 3.3.1, dmf demand: final textile and clothing industry climate recovery, or drive demand recovery in dmf
Dmf (n.n-dimethylamphetamine) is a widely used chemical feedstock and an organic solvent with good performance. According to the moor data, in 2022, dmf was used mainly in the pulp, electronics, medicine, intermediates, etc., for 64%, respectively.
12%, 11%, 8%. The dmf industry has reached maturity, and industrial demand is higher in 2017-2021, mainly due to the fact that the largest downstream application of dmf is pulp, while the end-use of pulp is a more mature industry such as box bags, costumes, shoe caps, so that stable end demand for pulp provides a stable need for dmf.
Since 2022, the multi-point spread of the epidemic has contributed to the weakening of demand for downstream slurry, leading to a downward trend in demand for dmf. Looking ahead, in 2023, thanks to the recovery of the country’s economy, the final textile and clothing industry has recovered or will cause dmf demand to recover.
3.3.2. dmf Supply: In the future, there is or will be more competition in the future, in parallel with increased capacity in the future, and in the future, in the future. In terms of existing capacity, in the context of increased competition in the industry and enhanced environmental regulations, the expansion of capacity in the sector is slower and the supply of the sector is also more stable.
According to the data, the total production capacity of the dmf sector remained stable at around 1 million tonnes/year for 2019-2022. For the Supply Authority, the industry has gradually closed down its production capacity and its concentration is higher. According to the data, the cr5 production capacity in 2022 was 78%.
Industry may add 1.14 million tonnes/year, with a total capacity of 2.190,000 tonnes/year, and industry competition may increase further. Overall, the industry’s new production capacity is parallel to the capacity of backward production, which is gradually concentrated in leading firms, and in the future there will be more, and competition in the industry may increase.
However, it is not possible to disclose the production capacity at a specific time of commissioning) 3.3.3.dmf supply and demand outlook: increased competition in the industry, with firms with a cost advantage still reaping an industrial dividend; increased competition in the industry, with firms with a low production cost advantage still reaping an industrial dividend since 2022.
The spread of the epidemic has contributed to the weakening of the demand for downstream slurry and the maintenance of high prices for raw materials, which have resulted in price differentials of $5,500 for dmf and $123 per ton, and 10 per cent for price differentials since 2016, respectively.
According to data from the public, from 17 to 23 February 2023, Yang petrochemical devices were in a medium-loading state, while the production of Henanization and Angé Gold was in a state of shutdown, but companies such as the company and the Ruci Chemical industry, with the advantage of low production costs, were operating at more than 80%. For 2023, demand side: benefiting from downstream slurry.
The potential demand for materials is stable, and the demand for dmf is expected to recover in the event of a return to the market climate for textile and clothing. At the supply end: the future supply side of the industry will remain more productive, and competition in the future will probably intensify. Overall, demand in the 2023 industry may gradually recover, and it is expected that the sector will recover.
Development prospects: the gradual release of capacity and the steady recovery of the domestic economy, company q1 in 2023, chemical landscapes have either fallen to the bottom. 2022 h1, influenced by the Russian-Turkish conflict.
Higher prices for energy and raw materials such as oil, coal, strong cost-side support, coupled with a return to production, have led to higher prices for most chemicals during this period; in 2022, h2, affected by a high incidence of disease, increased interest rates from the Federal Reserve, market concerns, and the recession in Europe and America, the decline in demand for chemicals has led to price shocks. The demand for chemicals is weak.
Against this background, in 2022, there was an overall downward trend in the profile of the company’s main chemical product, with the company’s main chemical price differentials at the bottom. In 2023, q1, despite an improvement in the climate of the chemical industry following the optimization of the policy, the end demand was still weak and the price of the chemical product was not high enough. As of March 3, 2023, more companies were involved.
The number of products has a low profile, in particular dmf, dmc, acetic acid, settlement, and intra-amphetamine products with price differentials of less than 30% (since 2016).
The country’s economy is weak, and the chemical products have a low profile. But policies such as the country’s more resilient economic growth, a smooth economy-oriented policy, the optimization of immunization measures, and support for the smooth development of the real estate market continue to be in place. In January 2023, the purchasing manager index (pmi), the non-manufacturing business activity index and the combined pmi output index were 50.1% and 54.4%, respectively.
As far as the expansion is concerned, there is a marked recovery in the country's economic climate. The recovery of the manufacturing climate, which drives the demand for replenishment banks, shows that firms tend to increase their activities. The increase in demand for upstream raw materials in manufacturing, which in turn drives the price of chemicals, shows a slight downward trend in coal prices and a reduction in the pressure on the cost of chemicals.
The data and our estimates indicate that, as of March 3, 2023, the price differentials for urea and p6 products had been raised, and companies were able to land their productive capacity, adding product terminals close to domestic demand, and were expected to benefit fully from a recovery in domestic demand. Although the current climate for chemical products is low, there is still a strong growth momentum in the company’s performance, due to the fact that it is still in a low position.
(i) The product layout has expanded towards new energy sources. Since 2019, the corporate product matrix has been enriched, with fertilizer plates continuing to have an advantage, new chemical materials forming clusters and entering new energy cell-related fields, and companies gradually increasing the share of their products in industrial and new energy applications.
In 2022, the share of corporate products in industrial and new energy sectors is expected to rise to 26 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively, and companies are gradually moving from basic chemical raw materials to new materials and new energy industries to sustainable high-quality development through the transformation of the development track.
And the company maintains a close strategic partnership with downstream customers, selling to customers with stable partnerships according to the 2018 Trade Strategy Study of the company's brand name, Lauroheng Chemical Company Ltd.
More than 70% of products are sold, and the proportion of strategic cooperation directly to the end can reach more than 90%. Although the public sector’s products are close to the domestic market, they have benefited from the rapid development of our manufacturing industry, with the spin-off of company products downstream.
Well, increased exports of end-products are also expected to lead to increased demand for corporate products. In January of that year, the company was already in production of 300,000 tonnes/dmc/year; in March 2023, we expect the company to be in production of 300,000 tonnes/year Emc, 50,000 tonnes/year dec, 300,000 tonnes/year scavengers. We expect that in June 2023, the company will be in production of 300,000 tonnes/year Emc, 50,000 tonnes/year dec/year.
The company’s ability to produce coal-based products will be significantly expanded. Future expansion of domestic demand will be the focus of the country’s economic development, while new inputs, new energy, etc., will be added.
The company’s growing power is sufficiently powered to grow in space, or will continue to expand. Double carbon policy drives the chemical industry’s capacity.
At the same time, the company’s state base currently has more programmable land, with no less than 2.500 acres of industrial land remaining, and the company’s energy expansion power is still growing.
There are more productive indicators available to companies, more space to build up their energy, more power to generate profits, more room to grow in the future or to grow continuously, and better look at the company ' s long-term growth. 5, Profit predictions and investment proposals.
We have made the following assumptions about the company ' s profitability projections: (1) for the Texas base, 300,000 tons of acetic acid project, 300,000 tons of amec project or to be put into production by March 2023; for the Qing county base, 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, etc., are expected to be released by the end of June 2023
(2) Acetic anhydride is less productive, assuming that the product of acetic acid and its derivatives is only acetic acid; (3) The State Base is able to replicate the cost advantage of the Texas base, assuming that the cost of products such as urea, acetic acid, etc. is the same as the Texas base.
The company’s ability to reach large amounts of production, or to move up prices, maintains its “buy-in” rating. Macroeconomic repairs have fallen short of expectations, crude oil prices have fallen sharply, and projects have been built short of expectations.