Three-quarter high-speed daily supplies show good performance. Three-quarter reports for 2020 were released. The first three quarters of the company realized business income of $5.07 billion, an increase of 16.78 per cent over the previous three quarters; operating profits of $1,588 million, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 19.83 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to parent company owners; rapid growth in the use of hepatopathic drugs; and excellent performance of daily commodities.
In the manufacturing industry, hepatopathics earned 2,236 million dollars, representing more than 96 per cent of the manufacturing industry, an increase of 27.61 per cent compared with the previous year, which boosted the rapid growth of the pharmaceutical industry. In January of this year, the yuan/particles were raised to 590 yuan/particle, with a corresponding increase in the supply price of about 40 yuan/particle;
The company’s core product is the Chinese drug protection variety at the national level, the prescription and the process are national secrets, due to its unique and scarce formulations.
By virtue of its unique brand advantage, the industry is expected to grow faster in the future. In the context of the pharmaceutical billing and the two-vote system, the industry’s concentration has increased, and in the absence of cosmetics, the company, after many years of market development, has been “twisted.”
"Queens" and other brands are improving the layout of the "3+3+1" product line, and using the "combine fire" as the core, gradually introducing the "Photo Fire-Free" series, "Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo Series", "Photo-Photo-Photo-Photo" products, the future.
The new product development is expected to bring a new profit growth point in the development of the big varieties: the company continues to grow around it.
He is actively promoting the development of a system for the technical upgrading of large-scale varieties of his own dominant species, the development of a declaration of increased capacity to treat liver cancer: the continuation of further research into the efficacy and immune mechanisms for the treatment of liver cancer, the treatment of herpes, the treatment of herpes, the treatment of herpes and the treatment of herpes.
In addition, new drug development: pzh2310, pzh2312 has been submitted for listing and has entered the supplementary information phase;
The new drugs pzh 1204 for general anxiety disorder, pzh 1201 for intestinal stress syndrome, and pzh 1203 for osteoporosis are in the clinical research phase. In the past, the company's growth has been largely based on the growth of the masculinities in the treatment of liver disease, as well as the growth of the troupes.
The development of more functions and the advancement of more new varieties are expected to bring about new profit growth points.
Risk of failure in research and development of new products; risk of failure in product replication.