Innovative marketing strategies advanced, overall performance loops accelerated Events: companies achieved business income of $5.07 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 16.78 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of $1,329 million were realized, an increase of 19.83 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions from non-mortality were realized
13.21 million yuan, an increase of 19.73 per cent over the same period. The net operating cash flow of 1,484 million yuan, an increase in the same year's growth in innovative marketing strategies, and an improvement in the q3 performance ring. In the quarter of 2020, the company achieved 1,824 million yuan (+26.01 per cent over the same period) in operating income and a net return profit of 464 million yuan (compared with the same period).
+28.05%), compared to the one quarter of q2 (collecting +8.64%, net return to mother-to-child ratio), the steady increase in the use of hepatitis drugs for core products, and a faster increase in the use of daily and cosmetics continue. Faced with the impact and impact of the epidemic, companies are actively building up innovative marketing strategies, making it easier for them to do so.
Through precision and efficient end-use activities (more than 500 events throughout the year), online and offline combinations with the upgrading of experiential services, external expertise to promote end-use promotion and consumer service, companies continue to grow in sales.
Expanding the layout of the Great Health Business while promoting institution building and management, business continuity and steady growth in performance.  Increases in the cost of sales and increases in net profit levels: first three quarters of 2020, cost side: sales fees
The utilization rate was 10.19 per cent, an increase of 1.95 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to the increased cost of marketing activities, core varieties and cosmetics, and daily goods. The management cost was 4.84 per cent, an increase of 0.63 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to higher remuneration costs and the acquisition of benefits
Intangible asset amortization as a result of the construction of Xia Yui Technology Ltd. (formerly Chinese Xanax Pharmacy), R & D cost 1.83 per cent, a decrease of 0.16 percentage points from the same year; as of the second half of 2020, 11 companies were working on new drug research and development projects, and significant progress was made on a number of projects.
The research studies are continuing. Overall, there has been an increase in corporate profitability, with sales rates of 47.35 per cent, or 2.59 percentage points higher, and net sales rates of 26.68 per cent, or the “one nuclear two-wing” strategy, which has led to a better health picture: the company's core product is stable.
In addition, the company has invested in the establishment of Xiangzhou High by investing in the M&A industry.
2 Twilight (600436): Twilight Pocket Protection Co. Ltd.; Controlled Dragon Pharmacy Project enrichment of traditional classic Chinese medicine production 40% increase in core product q3 for one season
Cables; enhanced integration of power suppliers, etc. The “one-nuclear two-wing” strategy is robust, consolidating the industrial status of the company’s accelerated sales, 2019-10-27, and promoting its long-term sustainable development.
H1 Xiaoyu's performance remained robust, and in the long run, high-health operations contributed to growth by maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee