Equity incentives show confidence in the acquisition of additional plc shares, plus code-based intelligence manufacturing,
Research Assistant Chai Jiahui : 1) Incentives to cover the core executives and the main executives of overseas operations were announced in the evening of September 23, with no more than 64.12 million units, of which 7,237 million units were awarded.
(b) The sum of $2.13 billion is proposed to be raised for the acquisition of 49% of the shareholdings, capacity expansions, industrial software, digital construction, and reflows in the HSBC. The fifth stage of the announcement of the equity incentive program, which is not lost in size, has been expanded to cover the top executives of overseas operations.
The company proposes to award a restricted stock of 64.12 million shares, representing 3.73% of total equity, of which 36 million shares will be awarded for the first time.
The controlled product is the company’s future strategic business, the acquisition of a small number of shares, and an important link in the middle-control layer of the layout, which, on the other hand, will add about $70 million in profits this year.
The Division is planning to invest in the construction of building transformers, server drives, etc., in Siochuan, Sioux State, 1 of the core industrial control components, the production line and the smart manufacturing plant to upgrade capacity, amounting to RMB 3.62 billion per year after the birth, after the tax.
RT: The King of Industry and Controls returns, the power-controlled high-scrambled profit is 580 million yuan/year, equivalent to an overall increase of 10 percentage points in frequency change and servo market coverage. 3) Three industrial cloud platforms have been set up to strengthen the "information layer" software capability. 4) Digital construction
“Technology (300124): Industrial Control: The King of the Dragons returns and reports the advance of the advance of 2020-07-08.
3. Sesenche Technologies (300124): q1 orders over-expected, industrial, power-driven and high-level events: 1) Sinkkawa technology was announced in the evening of September 23, with incentives covering core executives and major high-level overseas operations
Management, with up to 64.12 million shares awarded, of which 70 per cent was awarded to 2.37 million shares, the size of which was not lost; and 2) the sum of $2.13 billion is proposed for the acquisition of 49 per cent of the shareholdings, capacity expansions, industrial software, digital construction and reflows.
Review: The announcement of the fifth phase of the equity incentive programme, which was the second-largest in history, covered the top management of overseas operations, and the performance goal, which was the continuation of the past to ensure the level of ownership.
The number of people covered was as high as 625, with the addition of 8 offshore executives, including 8 offshore ceofongchiew khiong, indicating that the overseas layout has begun to be scaled up gradually.
The sum of $2.13 billion is earmarked for the acquisition of 49 per cent of the shares in the HSCP, expansion, industrial software, digital construction, and towing, among other things, in which controlled products, industrial software are the strategic business of the future, and expansion is the cornerstone of the company ' s increased share of the automated market, with the HS growing at a steady pace and ever-increasing.
The control product is the company’s future strategic business, which buys a few shares to strengthen the layout. The company is going to acquire the HSCP p, which will hold 100% of the HSCP after the acquisition is completed. The subsidiary HSCP owns five control lines of the control layer, i.e., smart machine controllers, medium plc, small plc, io system, hmi, etc., in small/medium plc and smart.
The scale and technical level of sales in the area of mechanical controllers is among the highest in the industry, and the sales of Sinkuanplc in 19 were the second largest in the industry. In 2019 and in January-June 2020, $6,214 million was collected, with a net gain of $45.94 million/$67.19 million (due to more R & D functions in the control company and more costs at headquarters).
Controlling corporate income, profits, and corporate control of product operations varies. When the acquisition is completed, the control class, on the one hand, is an important part of the control layer in the 4.0 layout of the SWI, and, on the other hand, will add about $70 million in profits (preparation, uncertainty about the pace of the acquisition).
The driver is the company's development of the building blocks, the powerful expansion of the HSBC to enhance supply capacity and continue to increase its share. The company is planning to invest in the construction of the power-controlled production lines for core components, such as the SWIFT plant, the server drive, and the intelligentization of the plant to upgrade its production capacity for a two-year construction cycle. It is expected to produce 0.2 million new medium- and high-voltage transformers after delivery.
Yearly, the low-pressure transformer produces 1.15 million units/year, and the server driver produces 1.35 million units/years.
An important part of the overall solution to automation in the manufacturing industry is also a major trend in future industry developments. The company intends to create, within three years, the smart controller software platform, the fully integrated automated engineering software platform, the three main industrial cloud platforms in the data center, the capacity to improve integrated solutions, the sword finger Siemens, etc.
Digitally built enabling management transitions. The company has now initiated changes such as ltc, ipid, which will be followed by many change projects, which need to be supported by an int system and time-stabilized change experiences. The project covers digital decision-making, digital operations, digital office, digital security, digital facilities, and five large numbers.
The advancement of the construction project will further drive the efficient operation of the company, promote business growth and increase customer satisfaction.