The core view is that performance is slightly higher than expected, with higher profit projections. The share of automation in the aftermath of the epidemic is accelerating upscaling, and management changes have led to a full upturn in corporate product power, channel power, brand power.
The profit-making traps are up, new energy power controls are entering front-line customers abroad, organizational structures are changing, and corporate profitability traps are up, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Performance is slightly higher than expected, and high growth in major industries is improving three-fold.
The q2 single-season revenue is 3,237 million yuan, yoy 100 per cent, net profit is 602 million, and the share of the general automation business is growing at a high rate, with a significant increase in the share of the city. 543 million yuan, yoy 125 per cent, for universal servers; 636 million yuan, yoy52 per cent, for general frequency transformers; and lc
During the epidemic, companies took up a significant share of the market by “surrendering payments, catching opportunities, pushing for change” while taking advantage of the opportunities of masks, cutting into high-end customer supply chains, and enhancing product and channel power.
3 New energy automobiles generated 239 million yuan, or 58 per cent. High growth is the pre-point, Internet-based drive. 4 product structure changes and downside efficiency have led to an increase in the Māori ratio, which has been eliminated from the table.
44.92 per cent, an increase of 3.9 pcs over the same year, mainly the share of high Māori products such as servo, plc etc., resulting in a significant reduction in the cost of management optimization as a result of the company ' s connection to the automated business supply chain since 2018.
A decline of 1.18 pcts, a recent three-year low, was brought about by an increase in the share of platformed products, which captured a significant degree of efficiency in the strategy and management of “platformized” products.
The year 2020 marks a watershed in corporate automation, moving from comparative advantage to absolute competitiveness.
After 17 years of industrial automation, starting in a customized mode, taking advantage of the foreign market through technology, firms have built up a comparative competitive advantage, building a first-tier moat in terms of size, channel, and process. The next phase will be the production and collection of Ratundo platform products.
The solution is to deepen the moats and at the same time enhance the consolidation of supply chain advantages by cleaning low- and medium-end markets. The strategy developed in early 2020 shows that the company's accumulation in the mid-end market has been completed, the city's access to higher levels of power is on both ends, and the head market is in the wake of the epidemic.
Since then, the company has been operating on a front-line front-line “commodity,” “medium- and high-power” and “head customers” in competition with foreign brands, accelerating national production substitution.
New energy motors – a short-term fix, a medium-term income, a long-term view of the system. The new energy power system is a very dynamic track, and the company is the only one that has successfully moved from industrial to vehicle-powered systems and is expected to break through international front-line automobile electronics in the future through its own efforts.
Businesses. 2020h1 is driven by the new power of Internet-based car construction, and markets should look at the real changes that new energy operations bring to the river.1 Open up the space for growth. The traditional industrial-controlled product “serve + frequency + plc” is now 50 billion cities in the country.
Space, which provides new energy vehicles with products worth almost $10,000, and the Department has entered the globalized supply chain, with hundreds of billions of space to build a new one.2 Industrial manufacturing systems have been transformed into auto electronics.
Competing: Bo, Continent, Delfort, Fareo, Electrics International, First Line Automobile Electronics Division, Automotive R & D supply chain systems are different from industrial goods, especially power systems with respect to safety of driving, and requirements for process and quality control are counterproductive to the industrial industry.
Three third-party suppliers have come to the fore, with a capital in the domestic market. The power supply in July was 40% lower than last year, with a marked trend towards concentration on the head, according to the “ne era”
Lu, in July alone, the largest number of new energy vehicles in the country, with 12.6% in the city and the first more than Tesla. In the future, except for the owners of power systems, such as Tesla, Biadei and others, the share of electrical power and control has accelerated towards a head third-party manufacturer, the transfer of power to Tesla.
Changes in the organizational structure have increased business efficiency and profitability on a quarterly basis. Companies were subjected to bottlenecks in new energy vehicles and customization patterns, with a decline in per capita income and profit growth rates in 2017-2019.
At the same time, new sources of energy have been cultivated for five years, and have been built to complete the country's top-notch new energy power generation into R & D manufacturing systems, with dc-dc, power and control machines achieving a fixed point international top client, and the international towed strategy is initially completed.
As the plant continues, the biggest losses will be out of the mud for the next 2-3 years, and we judge that the year-round profitability is expected to increase on a seasonal basis. It's the pre-epidemiology that is most likely to grow into smart-making platforms.
The shift in corporate profitability points upwards and maintains a “buy-in” rating. 1; implementation of the sinking strategy is hampered; 2; industrial automation is down; 3 and research and development of new energy vehicles is under way.
(b) Appendices: corporate financial data & industry data 14.7 per cent increase in metal cutting machine sales by the same year in figure 47
Figure 57 Pmi continues its strong trend, figure 67 industrial robot production increased by 19.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, using legally compliant information, producing the present report independently and objectively, using data and information from the market, and my own letters.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.