Performance sticker ceilings, still high in the second half of the automated sector General automation operations are hot and power control operations are growing dramatically. General automation: benefits from increased demand for immunizations, the over-expected recovery of the q2 economy and the untimely supply of foreign capital, company orders and shares in the first half of the year
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate of the company’s automated products increased considerably, as a result of such factors as the reported general-purpose frequency change, universal servers, plc revenues of $920 million and 817 million, respectively, and continued improvement in management.
1. "Assessment of pre-advances - Automation of the Hitchon Technology " , which led to an electric control block collection of $330 million, an increase of 46 per cent over the same period. Elevators: higher-than-expected performance forecast due to q1 property " ,
The impact of the construction interruptions was about $550 million, a 11 per cent drop in the same year, and the Bethet harvest and 2. The Hitchon Annual Technical Report and the Quarterly Report Review - Risk Reduction, Automation Orders and Māori Overexpected.
In addition, positive factors, such as electric fluids, robotics, orbital transport camps, the return of industrial chains to export and continued strong capital spending in high-growth industries, will continue to dominate the dynamic business once again into fast-growing runways.
q3. The tracking of the July core industrial data continues to improve, mainly as a result of the improvements in export chain operations resulting from the third quarter of the Hong Kong Technology Review - Bester formalization and recovery of overseas demand.
The industry is approaching a turning point, demand will continue in high-profile areas such as treatment, 5g, domestic economic resilience and higher-than-expected recovery in export demand.
It is expected that the likely rate will allow q3 industrial-controlled oems to continue to grow at the second half of the quarter of q2 without any significant downward pressure. This epidemic will accelerate the development of the industry in the medium and long term, with a marked increase in corporate willingness to automate and intelligently.
Elevator operations will warm up further, and the power control operations will increase significantly. In May, real estate sales and construction will increase at a positive rate and are expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, adding to overseas epidemics that will gradually improve domestic and international elevator rings.
Quick, the plates are expected to lose. The offshore market breaks and is marked by the main controllers of the Snow Dragons Group.
This year, product development, human resources, and supply chain systems will be optimized. Macroeconomic recovery is not as risky: the risk of a global recurring epidemic: the risk of a significant decline in the Māori rate; and an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment