Performance is higher than expectations, turning point, core view: performance is higher than expectations, raising profit projections. The company is now the most likely target of a stock to grow into an intelligent manufacturing platform, with an increased share of automation in the context of the epidemic.
A rapid upswing, with new energy and electricity controls breaking out of orders to overseas customers, and with organizational changes, firms’ profit- and profit-a-capability traps rising upwards, giving them a “buy-in” rating. The three-fold factor behind the high performance expectations, the high growth of the main industry, and the improved profitability of the main industry is the combination of high performance expectations.
q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q$ 3,074 million, 90 per cent yoy, 565 million net profit QC, and rapid growth in income from products such as universal server systems, control systems, electrical controls, etc. 3 product structural changes and lower efficiency gains leading to an increase in the Māori ratio;
4 Sales costs, R & D cost rates are lower; 5 VAT refunds and subsidies are increased; the Best cum table is removed, and income ends and profitability are hit twice.
Q2 revenue ends are expected to increase by 2 pct and profits are expected to improve significantly, based on Best’s semi-annual performance historical scores. Q2 performance is expected to increase significantly, on the one hand, from high levels of Māori service during the epidemic, e.g. plc, and, on the other hand, from improved profitability in the context of management change.
This year will be a watershed in corporate automation. In the post-epidemiology era, companies are expected to continue to take advantage of markets based on productive capacity, supply chains, channels.
Under this, for the first time, the cost side was narrowed, reflecting a strong short-term management excellence of the company.1 Harsensian technology: international customer traction strategy is on the ground, looking ahead to the second half of the year, there is a strong demand trend, and automated operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Automation Accelerating Import Substitution, 20200608 Recapitulation, February-June 2020, with the impact of the epidemic, the logistics and supply chain of competitors being damaged, production, manufacture and shipment severely squeezed, and the use of the “preserve supply strategy” by the SWI into the market.
In May, a retaliatory strike ended and the epidemic eased medical-type automation, the impact of a steep fall in demand, weak demand in the industry, and companies continued to take advantage of their productive capacity and channels, enhanced distribution against the sunk market, and automated operations continued to outrun the industry.
In June, macro- and meso-based data such as pmi, industrial robotic production, metal cutting machine-bed production showed a strong trend in manufacturing capital spending, industry-based Beta empowerment, and corporate automaticization is expected to continue beyond expectations in the second half of the year.
Changes in the organizational structure have increased business efficiency and profitability on a quarterly basis. Companies were subjected to bottlenecks in new energy vehicles and customization patterns, with a decline in per capita income and profit growth rates in 2017-2019.
In the meantime, new-energy cars have been growing for five years, international clients have drawn on the initial completion of the strategy, the country's new energy power generation has been built into R & D manufacturing systems, and the biggest losses will be out of the mud for the next 2-3 years and lead companies from industrial industries.
Towards auto-electronics manufacturers. We're looking forward to a year-round upward trend in profitability, which is the most likely indicator of growth in intelligent manufacturing platforms, with automatic share acceleration in the context of the epidemic, new energy power controls breaking orders from overseas, organizational changes.
Underneath this, the company's profitability trap is up, with a “buy-in” rating. 1; implementation of the sinking strategy has been hampered; 2 industrial automation has been downgraded; 3 new energy vehicle research and development has been hampered; 4 organizational restructuring and management changes have been hampered;
The information and opinions contained in the report are provided only for information and observations.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.