SWITCH TECHNOLOGY (300124.sz) Trailingbuy Inter-Tribunal operations Set-up-coded smart manufacturing, equity incentives to unlock the company's potential for development
Events: The company issued a public announcement that it plans to issue equity funds to specific target audiences and to propose additional funds — approximately $2.13 billion — for the acquisition of 49 per cent of the shares in the HSBC control (822 million yuan), the expansion of capacity and the construction of smart factories (435 million yuan), and the development of industrial software technology platforms (359 million yuan).
Billion dollars, digital construction projects ($214 million) and replenishment of liquidity ($300 million) to advance the corporate smart manufacturing development strategy. At the same time, the company disclosed the fifth phase of the equity incentive scheme Enhancing core competitiveness in the area of industrial automation: according to the National Statistical Office, industrial machinery in August
In January-August, industrial robot production grew by 13.9% over the same period, and demand in the industry began to recover. Companies are actively providing customers with integrated corporate solutions for industrial automation in the form of “information layers, control layers, drive layers, enforcement layers, sensor layers”.
Hmi2 is a controlled layer product and is now fully autonomous of the country’s leading plc and hmi platform technology, the first country to acquire alternative technologies for domestic production and market certification in the areas of smart machine controllers and medium plc.
The continued rise in production substitution, with 62 million yuan in 2019, 120h1 yuan and 128 million yuan for the remaining 49 per cent of the stockholdings to become fully owned subsidiaries of the company, could further strengthen the company's power at the control level, enhance the integration and synergy of the control and driving layers, and improve the overall integrated approach of the company.
The capacity of the programme is expected to contribute to the growth of corporate control over the harvest of products, increase corporate overall profitability, ensure future growth, smartness, digitalization and management efficiency: the company, as a leader in the industrial automation industry, achieved $4,784 million in 2020h, compared with the increase.
75.95. In order to enhance the production capacity of industrial automation products and the company’s competitiveness in the field of industrial control, the company plans to build production lines for industrially controlled core components, such as transformers, server drives, and smart manufacturing plants. The project is completed and completed after delivery, with an expected additional medium- and high-voltage transformer capacity of 0.2 million units per year, with low-voltage change frequency.
There are 1.15 million devices/years, and 1.35 million servers/years. Companies are strong in the field of drivers, with low-voltage transformers and servo-system products all ranked first in the domestic brand.
Second, the construction of intelligent plants and digitalization, which boosts business growth and client satisfaction through automation, dataization, networking and the enhancement of company productivity and internal operating efficiency; in addition, the smart controller software platform, the fully integrated automated engineering software platform and the data neutralization platform, among others.
The development of industrial software technology platforms, the enhancement of technology for information layer products, and the building blocks for upgrading productive capacity, help clients to develop and calibrate automated systems quickly and intuitively, enhance the integrity and market competitiveness of corporate products, and build firm-owned moat advantage.
Equity incentives bind core talent and contribute to long-term corporate development: companies publish the fifth phase of the equity incentive (draft), which is intended to be awarded to up to 64,123,400 restricted shares, about 3.73 per cent of the company ' s total equity stock, the most extensive and powerful in terms of corporate equity incentives.
In particular, the total number of equity incentives, including boards, senior managers, core managers and core technical (operational) personnel in the company (including subordinate companies), is 625, demonstrating the high priority that the public division places on managerial talent and provides motivation for the company ' s long-term development.
This stimulus to a number of new foreign executives shows that companies are actively introducing overseas technology, including 20 per cent income and 22 per cent net profits over the next four years, highlighting the company's continued growth.
This fund-raising and equity incentive project is expected to deepen its technical and managerial strengths and further consolidate its niche. We expect company 20, this report to be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.