Business strategy transformation: deep-deep cultivation of Zhejiang, plated in collaboration with Bank & Share Bankii
As a national stock company based in Zhejiang, deep-seated, long-triangular, country-wide. The Zhoto Bank is the only country-wide equity bank based in Hangzhou. Its main area of operation is Zhejiang province, where about one third of the networks and assets are located, and where people invest far more than others.
Regional; operating areas are based on long triangles and are active in developing the national layout with wide coverage. S098051807002 is a strong strategy for deep-deeping the Zhejiang River, making full use of the regional advantages.
The Zhejiang private economy is highly developed and growing, giving birth to a group of high-quality private enterprises and creating a rich demand for credit;
Now, the company’s share in Zhejiang province is a combination of five major blocks, with a weak economic cycle of sensitive assets. Our economy is in a critical phase of transformation.
The company is committed to achieving robust growth through the cycle, spearheading the business strategy of “building a high-quality business system based on a weak and sensitive economic cycle as a stepping stone” and deepening the construction of the five business portfolios of “large retailing, big capital management, big companies, big investment banks, large cross-border” together.
There is a sustained increase in the overall competitiveness of companies, which focus on the development of large retail plates, with one side continuing to grow deep, small and medium-sized enterprises in Zhejiang province becoming diversified, with a strong credit demand, and companies offering niche service models for small micro parks, specialized new enterprises, small micro-industry chains, and enabling them through financial science and technology.
The microfiche, a breakthrough in client size and business performance, and the excellent quality of micro-assets; on the other hand, a strong push for wealth management, banking, and a rich and diverse system of substitute products. Financial indicators are listed in the middle of the public stock market. Bank revenue structure, asset liability structure, assets, assets, etc.
Indicators such as quality do not differ significantly from the level of the listed country’s stock exchanges, and the indicators are at the average level of the listed country’s stock exchanges. Vertically, the size of the earnings of the merchant banks, the steady expansion of the size of the assets’ liabilities, and the maintenance of asset quality have improved. Companies are under pressure for profitability, high roe but low roa, and the net difference has increased and is in a position to increase.
At the upper level of the industry, the performance of good net interest differentials is largely driven by high rates of return on loans. Profit forecasting and valuation: together with relative and absolute valuations, we believe that the company’s stock is reasonably valued and our judgement has an impact, as detailed in the text.
Company profile: State stock bank based in Zhejiang History: State stock bank based in Zhejiang Bank is the only country-wide joint-stock commercial bank based in Zhejiang province with a joint venture between China and China
Bank restructuring, stock transformation, and the emergence of a war have led to the emergence of a new business identity in the long triangle. The Bank of Zhejiang is based in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, and is a country-wide, private-owned commercial bank.
Zhejiang Bank, formerly the Zhejiang Commercial Bank, was founded in 1993 in the city of Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, in a joint venture between China and China; after a severe bad asset cycle in the banking sector, a reorganization was initiated in 2003 whereby the Zhejiang State Trust acquired shares to the South China Commercial Bank, the Bank of China and the Transport Bank and transferred part of the shares in the form of State-owned assets.
Transferred to Zhejiang Province Transport Group, with another portion transferred to enterprises such as 10,000-way holdings; then transformed into a joint-stock enterprise and renamed the “Zeller Bank” Inc., whose headquarters was moved to Hangzhou City in 2004 to become one of the twelve national share-based commercial banks approved by the Silver Inspectorate, and whose restructuring and re-equity has since taken hold.
Then, after several rounds of capital build-up, the Chest Bank was listed in Hong Kong in March 2016, and on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in November 2019, the country's 13th “a+h” was listed.
At the end of the six-month period, the total assets of the whole industry were $2521.2 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 11.63 per cent since 2018, and the absolute level of assets, which was the last in the list, was at the top of the list.
Formerly Zhejiang Commercial Bank, recompositioned in 2003, Zhejiang Bank in 20163
Founded in 1993, the Hong Kong joint venture was transformed into a joint-stock company.
In the city of Ningbo, a joint venture between China and the United States, known as the Bank of Zimmers, was approved for the entire country in 2004.
Operating areas: deep-deep rivers, long-triangulation, nationwide layout, from the point of view of the area in which they operate, commercial banks deep-down the region, based on the long-triangular areas, and actively developing the national layout, covering areas such as the Rim Sea, the Pearl Triangle and the Sea and West and Central West regions, and establishing offshore branches.
By the first half of 2022, the Bank had 299 branches, including 100 in Zhejiang province, 54 in Zhejiang province and the Third Triangle of the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Zhejiang province, 56 in the Riksdag region, 23 in the Kuang and Haixi region, 65 in the Central Western region and 1 in the Hong Kong branch of China.
At the end of 2021, 49% of the Bank’s assets were located in the long triangle, 32% in Zhejiang province, and the rest of the country’s territory maintained another half of the Bank’s assets. In addition, the proportion of investment in Zhejiang region was 46%, far more than in other regions.
Deep-ploughing also in the long-triangular region has led to the development of radiation nationwide, and has now established institutions in 21 provinces and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, with wide coverage and scope for expansion.
Zhejiang province is one of the most economically developed regions of the country, creating a rich business demand for the banking sector. The Bank of Zhejiang has a regional advantage in banking.
To strengthen the Zhejiang base camp, taking advantage of Zhejiang's local resources to feed it. Zhejiang has a strong private economy and a strong banking demand. Zhejiang province has a strong private economy, which has created a wealth of high-quality private, small and medium-sized enterprises.
Banking needs are the natural “fields” for the banking sector. Zhejiang province is one of the most economically advanced provinces in the country, located on the south-east coast of the country, in the triangular economic zone, influenced by factors such as historical business traditions, and forms the economic structure dominated by the private economy, which is highly developed and growing.
This represents only 1 per cent of the country ' s total area, while the gross regional product achieved in 2021 was 7.35 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.8 per cent in comparison with the previous year, higher than the national rate of 0.94 percentage points, with an average annual increase of 6.7 per cent over five years; Zhejiang province ' s gdp accounted for 6.43 per cent of the country ' s total gdp in the same year; and the total private economy added about 67 per cent of the province ' s GDP.
The well-developed private economy of Jiang Province has produced a number of high-quality private enterprises and has created a large business demand and space for local commercial banks. Zhejiang Province has a highly active private market and, as of 2021, Zhejiang Province has a large number of registered market players in the country.
Fourth, the number of companies listed on the boards was 434 and ranked second in the country; the private market accounted for 96.7 per cent of the total, creating 67 per cent of the province ' s gdp: the number of businesses with a strong national economy of 500 has been on the list for 23 consecutive years.
In 2021, lending in Zhejiang province grew by 15.4 per cent more than 3.4 per cent, and deposits in Zhejiang province increased by 11.5 per cent more than 2.3 percentage points. Zhejiang province is not only the country’s economic province, but also the province of trade in goods, the province of foreign trade, and manufacturing and interconnection.
The province of Zhejiang has ports and cities represented by Ningbo, the city of commerce and commerce represented by the Ui, the city of Internet industry represented by Hangzhou, and the frequency of trade and commerce.
Trade in imports and exports is dynamic, people are active, Internet technology is well developed, the demand for payment settlements, trade finance and wealth management is fertile, providing opportunities for retailing, cross-bordering, capital management, etc. of companies, as well as the scientific and technological soil for the digital transformation of merchant banks. Trade in commerce and commerce, 2021, Zhejiang province, various commodities
In total, 3,225 businesses in the market have been able to reach a total value of 2.3 trillion yuan, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the previous year; external exports and imports have reached 56.4 per cent in 2021 in Zhejiang province/gdp, which is 22.2 percentage points higher than in 2021, while foreign and commercial enterprises account for 9 per cent of the total value of their production and for 20 per cent of the total value of their production; and Internet technology, 2021 in Zhejiang.
The provincial digital economy’s core industries added 83.4 billion yuan, a 13.3 per cent increase from the same year, contributing 17.1 per cent to economic growth, and the manufacturing sector of the above-sized digital economy’s core industries increased by 30.95 billion yuan, at a rate of 20.0 per cent, far ahead of other industries. In addition, the bank’s headquarters is located in Hangzhou, which is known as the capital of the Internet in China.
In 2019, the Zhejiang Bank entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with local head Internet companies to empower companies to become pioneer banks for innovation in technology and business models. Deepening the Zhejiang is the first strategy to build the most important financial platform in Zhejiang.
The Bank of Zhejiang has set as its strategic objective to become the “most important financial platform” in Zhejiang province, setting up a business strategy around the characteristics of Zhejiang’s economy. The Bank of Zhejiang has since its inception established strategic objectives as the “most competitive national stock-based commercial bank” and the “most important financial platform in Zhejiang province.”
The Zhejiang Bank, based on Zhejiang, has developed a business strategy around the economic characteristics of Zhejiang province.
In 2021, the Bank established a Zhejiang operational headquarters at the head office level, with the Zhejiang headquarters for Zhejiang.
By the end of 2021, the Bank of Zhejiang has been working in close cooperation with all levels of government to improve its services and priority industries.
The Government has entered into a strategic partnership to strengthen its participation in the construction of key digital platforms in Zhejiang province, to build the Zhejiang province financial integrated services eco-coopers, to actively contribute to the development of such important areas as manufacturing industries, supply chain finance, green finance, and to create a high-quality brand image of business banks.
During the first half of the year, the Bank of Zimmers visited more than 10,000 businesses, promoting financial institutions to finance more than 2,000 enterprises in various ways, amounting to about $260 billion, thus significantly enhancing the company’s social impact. The Bank of Zhemer Bank’s “Deep Farming of the River” strategy had begun to produce results.
In Zhejiang province, the Bank of Merchant Banks has financed services amounting to 863.5 billion yuan, adding 53.9 billion yuan in new loans for the same period. In terms of debt cancellation, the Bank of Zhejiang has increased by 82.8 per cent over the same period, which is higher than in Zhejiang province.
Debt of $28.1 billion, or 10.45 per cent of total market distribution, followed only by the construction of three State-owned banks in the industrial and agricultural sectors; and, in the area of supply chain gold, the Bank of Zhejiang had a supply chain financial balance of $16.1 billion, an increase of 91.7 per cent compared with the beginning of the year.
On the one hand, the highly developed private economy of Zhejiang province has created a strong credit demand for the Zhejiang banking sector.
The business provides a wide range of space, with Zhejiang Bank still having a low share of its lending in Zhejiang province and a significant expansion of its lending space; in the first half of 2022, Zhejiang Bank added deposits to 3.31 per cent of the new deposits in Zhejiang province, and Zhejiang Bank added loans to 3.56 per cent of the total new loans in Zhejiang province, making a significant increase in scope.
On the other hand, Zhejiang Province’s diversified economy has created a rich demand for intermediate business, offering development opportunities for Zhejiang banking, wealth management, investment banks, currency exchange, etc. The Zhejiang Bank, which currently has a small share of such business in Zhejiang Province, leaves ample room for business expansion.
Although the proportion of property issues in Zhejiang Province has increased over the years, it has not yet reached 1.0%, and there is a clear room for improvement. Therefore, the Bank of Zhejiang, which is determined to “deep down the river” as a priority strategy, is expected to achieve a higher share of business, taking advantage of the rapid economic development of Zhejiang.
Five blocks have been synergized, and the deployment of weak and sensitive assets in the economy has been accompanied in recent years by an escalation in the structural transformation of the economy, an increasingly diversified demand for financial services for businesses, and a change in the banking industry’s business model. From the experience of large banks around the world, Morgan Chase, the Bank of America, etc., have been able to do so.
At the same time, large retail operations have grown rapidly and have been wide-ranging, especially in the Zhejiang region, where the wealth of the population is among the highest in the country, and where the wealth of the population is more aware, providing a natural advantage for companies to expand their retail operations.
As a joint-stock bank with a total asset of over $2.5 trillion and still in rapid expansion, how to achieve steady growth through the cycle is a strategic focus, with companies constantly refining their business systems and strategies around regional economic characteristics and resource endowments, and spearheading the proposal that “the weak and sensitive assets of the economic cycle should be used as ballasts and high-rises”
Quality development's first-class business strategy, which deepens the construction of “large retailing, big capital management, big companies, big investment banks, large cross-border” five business plates, moving in tandem and developing in synergy, has achieved tangible results.
The Bank of Chests, as the State stock company in Zhejiang province, which is the main operating area, faces intense competition for its niche, diversification, innovation and faulty competition.
As a national equity firm that has been re-established as a joint venture bank in China and abroad, with a relatively late start in its establishment and development, and a strong competition in the Zhejiang silver industry, companies do not have an advantage in terms of network layout, customer base etc., nationwide no more than four branches of the network, and in Zhejiang cities the depth of sink is less than that of municipal comptoirs, agricultural comptoirs, etc.
However, large banks tend to focus on the most high-quality large business customers, and urban farmers tend to specialize in the single deposit of scavengers; therefore, anchoring specific customers, perfecting the multiplicity of businesses, innovative product services, and misaligning competitions are key to a country such as the Bank of Trade.
Building on this key point, the Bank of Crafts maintained its business strategy of “promoting the five pillars of co-development” and, for the first time, introduced “total customer service” covering the size of the aum wealth management, total product sales services, full-product sales services, ficc client services, volume of international business services, fpa-to-public services, and efforts to improve integration capacity.
In order to enhance their competitiveness in the booming banking sector, banks are investing in the development of five business clusters, focusing on individuals, enterprises, Governments, practitioners and employees, focusing on the needs of their clients, providing them with financial services that are comprehensive, stereo and structured, diversified, integrated and equipped.
Strengthen risk management processes and risk management mechanisms in focus areas to achieve high-quality development goals. By the first half of 2022, the Bank of Zimmers, with its customer-centred focus, fully enriched the five business portfolios of product service delivery systems, for example, by developing innovative life-cycle management platforms for accounts receivable to better serve supply chain clients; and for wealth.
To manage a new venture, the online wealth management platform provides a full range of capital management services, such as the hosting of financial subsidiaries; to create a one-stop shop, a platform for investment management, cz investment, etc., to provide access to cooperation channels; to finance a rich cross-border landscape; and to promote triangular cooperation, such as cross-border mortgages for money transfer.
In 2021, ZBBC restructured its retail business system, increased its resource input and achieved a full line of retail operations.
Upgraded. On the one hand, continued deep-cultivation, a series of features to enhance the quality of services; and, on the other hand, the rapid growth of personal operations, which actively promoted a new start in wealth management and embraced a new era of wealth.
Zhejiang province has a well-developed private economy that breeds high-quality micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises, with diverse industrial structures, credit needs, a strong foundation for the development of inclusive finance, and provides a sufficient pool of customers and fertile ground for the Bank to work. Zhejiang province has an economic structure dominated by the secondary and tertiary sectors, and small and medium-sized micro-enterprises are its livelihood.
At the end of 2021, Zhejiang Province ' s secondary and tertiary sectors accounted for 42 per cent and 55 per cent of total regional production, respectively; at the end of 2020, the number of medium-sized, small-sized and micro-enterprises of above-sized industries was 10 per cent, 84 per cent and 5 per cent respectively, while MSMEs together accounted for the vast majority of the total, and the financial capital base was inclusive.
In addition, in terms of the structure of the enterprise sector, the Zhejiang industrial sector is diversified and has a balanced income distribution, accounting for the highest three sectors, namely, electronic machinery and equipment manufacturing, computer communications and other electronic equipment manufacturing, and general equipment manufacturing, accounting for 11.01 per cent, 7.85 per cent, 7.16 per cent and manufacturing, respectively.
The diversified industrial structure creates a strong demand for credit and creates sufficient business space for traders and banks. Figure 17: The Zhejiang economy was dominated by the second and third industries in late 2021
The Bank of Zhejiang, based on its rich small soil and diversified industrial structure, has promoted a comprehensive strategy of inclusive micro-finance and continued to improve the effectiveness of small micro-finance services in conjunction with its economic and industrial niches in Zhejiang province. The Bank of Zhejiang has developed a small-scale, inclusive business in terms of mechanisms, products, processes, wind control, etc.
First, it provides integrated services to small microparks. It focuses on small microfinance services in small manufacturing in Zhejiang Province, providing a full-cycle financial services programme to small microparks.
Second, it provides medium- and long-term support to new firms with special expertise. Zhejiang’s new firms are growing at a very rapid pace, and are flourishing in the spring, and they tend to have higher levels of prior R & D investment, longer growth cycles and credit lines.
By the end of 2021, medium- and long-term loans accounted for more than 60%. Third, they provided a full-chain linkage programme for the micro-enterprise chain.
Banks build industrial chain banks, actively assist small and small customers in the industrial chain of the supply chain up and down, and deploy them according to the physical business scenes of equipment mortgages, distribution, distribution, and operation, providing differentiated and distinctive supply chain financial solutions for more than 20 industries, including steel, construction, energy, etc. By the end of 2021, such aggregates had exceeded their levels of investment.
Fourth, the financial technology-enabling micro-enterprises and self-businesses are small and small.
At the end of 2021, bank microloans were used more than 75%, on-line withdrawals over 95%, mortgages on-line in Zhejiang province up to 90%, and cumulatively, there were 196,000 micro-enterprises with no repayments.
In addition, in the area of credit wind control, the Bank of Zimmers has implemented a unified system of credit management, improved its professional management system and developed into a standardized model for the operation of letters of credit.
Figure 20: Trader Bank supply chain financial services — cumulative credit awards for small micro park entry enterprises — has always been guided by micro-strategy, which, under the above characteristics, has produced significant results for micro-businesses, customers, and customers.
In the first half of 2022, there were 11.33 million loan clients of the inclusive micro-enterprise micro-enterprise of the Bank of Zimmers, or 0.75 million more at the beginning of the year. In terms of business performance, in the first half of 2022, there were small businesses of the Bank of Zimmers.
One billion yuan, or 8.31 per cent more than the previous year, was higher than the 4.63 percentage point increase in loans to domestic institutions; by contrast, in late 2021, the Bank of Merchants continued to have the second largest share-holding position, leading the country's national bank, which was rated the new venture finance bank, the Annual Micro-finance Brand Bank.
In terms of product innovation, ZBW builds on opportunities for political and business cooperation and digital advantages to create niche products, pushes into “up-to-up” product innovation and improves product service delivery systems. For example, it builds golden bottling platforms, landscape applications platforms, etc., and develops “one-day loans” “three-year loans” for groups with different funding needs.
In terms of asset quality, inclusive micro-assembly is significantly superior to the overall quality of assets and is constantly improving.
The poor rate of micro-enterprise lending continued to decline between 2019 and 2021 and was significantly below the overall negative rate of 0.92 per cent at the end of 2021. In the context of the ongoing epidemic, the low rate of micro-enterprise inclusion in the Bank of Zimmers remains low, highlighting its relatively strong operational capacity in the area of micro-enterprise inclusion.
Retail operations are growing rapidly, wealth management is becoming a whole new business, retail business is developing rapidly, consumer credit is a core business, and small credit policies are being fully implemented, individual retail customers are being served, and individual lending operations are achieving a certain level of success.
As of the first half of 2022, the annual share of individual loans by the Bank of Zimmers in total loans had increased by 10 percentage points; by the end of 2021, the number of clients had increased.
The balance of individual loans has reached $38,149 million, or 28.3 per cent; in terms of the structure of operations, the ratio of individual business loans to individual loans from the Bank of Merchants has been the highest, with personal consumption lending being the second highest; and between 2019 and the first half of 2022, the size of individual consumer loans and individual mortgages has increased steadily, with the result of volatility, among individuals.
High growth in the size of loans; individual loans reached $17,848 billion by the first half of 2022, while the quality of personal business assets of ZBK was significantly better than that of public business in terms of asset quality, and between 2018 and 2021 there was a slight increase in the rate of non-performing loans by ZBBC and the rate of non-performing individual loans, but the rate of poor individual loans was significant
At the end of 2021, the rate of loans to 10 companies was 1.07 per cent and 1.88 per cent respectively, the quality of individual loans was significantly better than that of the 10 JD loans and the quality of retail operations was higher.
The Bank is actively integrating into the new era of financial wealth, developing its wealth management priorities, strengthening its capital management and maintaining its customer-driven orientation, and promoting a new approach to wealth management.
On the other hand, ZBW has been actively promoting organizational restructuring to construct a business framework for wealth management of “1+3+n”, i.e., a product selection department, three customer management and channel departments, n product or asset provision departments. Efficiently addressing the investment allocation needs of wealth management clients; and, in the area of corporate governance, raising the level of professional management, on the one hand.
On the other hand, it raises the level of digitalization and creates an intensive system of tele-retailing services for customers. With retail customers as a target group, the Bank of Zimmers is committed to building a “platformized wealth-keeper bank,” on the one hand.
Banking finance as the backbone of the business and keeping the netting process moving forward. Banking property is relatively more standardized, target groups are targeted at individual retail customers, and the ratio of individual customer funds in the balance of merchant banking property remains around 90%, reaching 94.95% in the first half of 2022. The 2021 "New Regulations" transition period ended.
The balance of net-valued products in the bank amounted to $18,274 million or 73.6 per cent, of which the net-value balance for individuals amounted to $17,1633 million, an increase of 41 percentage points from 2020;
In addition, in the area of property innovation, the Bank of Merchants has continued to “win-win-win” and “win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-all-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-of-win-win-win-win-win-win-of-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-of-win-win-win-win-win-of-win-win-win-of-win-of-of-of-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-of-win-of-of-win-win-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-win-of-of-of-of-of-of-win-win-win-win-win-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-win-of-of-of-of-of-of-win-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-win-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-of
In the area of upgrading of financial services, the Bank of Merchants actively develops a system of rights and interests for retail customers based on the System of Scores + the City of Electronic Commerce, and optimizes the system of services by digitizing the System of Equity and Financial Products.
On the other hand, the Merchant Bank actively builds up a variety of financial products, such as foundations, trust funds, and a wealth management business system through tripartite cooperation. As customer wealth management needs become more diverse, it is difficult to meet clients’ demands on the basis of the bank’s traditional financial management and limited resource endowments alone, and therefore seeks to work with the Foundation.
In the first half of 2021, the agent and commissioning fee income reached $874 million, an increase of 32% compared with the sales fund.
In 2021, companies achieved an equal increase of 163.53% in sales of non-monetary funds.
Fund holdings increased by 224.36 per cent on a year-to-year basis; sales of the proxy pool asset management scheme increased on a year-to-year basis.
Figure 31 Revenue from bank agents and commission charges
We have selected other publicly listed companies in our country as comparable companies in the same industry, comparing them horizontally with the main financial indicators of the Bank of Zimmers, and analysing the history of the Bank’s performance. On the whole, the Bank of Zimmers has achieved some success in its strategic deployment, which has been going on since 2021.
Merchant banks’ financial indicators are at mid-market levels, and business development is expected to increase further. Revenues are growing better, non-interest income is growing better, net interest income is growing at a relatively high and faster rate, and non-interest income is rising at a higher rate.
There's still a lot of room for growth. The Bank of Zimmers has maintained a better growth and a faster growth rate, with revenue of 54.47 billion yuan in 2021, an increase of 14.2% compared to the previous year, and is in the top of the list, well above most of the list of companies, with the Bank of Zimmers growing at an annual compound rate of 12.3% since 2017, consistently maintaining a relatively high rate of growth.
Structurally, the net interest income of the merchant bank has fluctuated around 75% of total income, while the net fee relative to the commission ' s income has gradually declined to less than 10% in recent years, and the net interest income in the revenue structure is relatively high compared to other publicly listed equity firms. Moreover, the net interest income of the merchant bank has been increasing at a relatively rapid rate.
The compound year 2016-2011 grew at a rate of 13.6 per cent, ranking second in the upper-market stock bank; the size of non-interest-bearing income increased, while commercial banks maintained a relatively high and fast-growing share of net revenue, with a significant but significant growth potential, with a high potential for growth in the strategic transition to dynamic wealth management.
Figure 33: Business income and structure of merchant banks, Figure 34: Business bank and bid collection structure in the first half of 2022, Figure 35: Business bank and bid register operating income increase at the same rate in 2021
Figure 36: The average five-year compound increase in merchant banks and bid revenues The credit continues to expand at a high rate, with the credit structure biased towards the public sector. At the end of the asset, the total assets and credit size of the merchant banks continue to expand at a high rate; the interest-bearing asset structure and others.
At the end of 2021, the total assets and loan sizes of the Bank were $2.29 trillion and 1.31 trillion, respectively, with a combined increase of 10.4 per cent and 19.2 per cent in 2017-2021, respectively, achieving a high rate of expansion.
In the first half of 2022, corporate loans accounted for 57 per cent of interest-bearing assets, financial investments, cash and deposits in the Central Bank 27 per cent, peer assets 6 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively, and the interest-bearing asset structure has remained generally stable in recent years.
Figure 37: High growth in the total assets and loans of merchant banks, Figure 38: Further dismantling of the loan structure in the first half of 2022 and the structure of bid-bearing assets, and the early years of a platformed development strategy of merchant banks have led to rapid growth in public business.
At the end of 2021, ZBW accounted for 66 per cent of total loans and 28 per cent of individual loans, and the loan structure was biased towards the public sector; compared to other SBWs, the ZBBs were in competition.
The ratio of public loans is highest, as opposed to its early-year platform strategy, which has contributed to the rapid growth of public services. Vertically, the size of the loans of the Bank of Merchants grew steadily between 2017 and 2021, and the rate of lending remained relatively high; the increase in individual loans was higher, with the personal loan regulations 2017-2021.
The average annual compound increase of 29.9 per cent is twice the annual increase in super-firm lending, which is double the annual increase in corporate lending, which is already 381.5 billion yuan in individual lending; the loan structure has not changed much, and it continues to weigh heavily on public lending, which is steadily increasing, with an increase of 8 percentage points in the last four years.
At the end of 2021, bank deposits accounted for 67% of interest-bearing liabilities and ranked third in the listed stock exchanges. Vertically, the size of the bank ' s interest-bearing liabilities increased steadily between 2017 and 2021, and figure 41: The size and structure of the bank ' s interest-bearing liabilities.
Figure 42: Further dismantling of the deposit structure at the end of 2021 with regard to the structure of merchant banks and interest-bearing liabilities. The structure of the deposit structure of merchant banks is equally biased towards corporate operations, with the highest share of public term deposits. At the end of 2021, the bank accounted for 46 per cent of the total public term deposits and 46 per cent of the total public deposits.
This represents 87 per cent of total deposits, the highest ranking among the listed stock banks; 8 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively, of individual time deposits and personal demand deposits; and a better match between the company ' s loan structure, which is equally oriented towards public operations, reflecting a steady increase during the year, with the size of the bank deposits at the end of 2021 being 1.4 trillion yuan, of which the company deposits
The size of the funds and the size of the individual deposits were $121.5 billion and $185.5 billion, respectively, and the compound annual increase was dominated by public deposits, the size of the individual deposits and their share, although declining over the past year, has generally increased in recent years, and the structure of the deposits is expected to improve further in the context of the strategic transition of the five main branches of the Bank.
The quality of the assets has remained stable, with the middle level of the publicly listed stock banks The quality of the assets of the merchant banks has remained stable and is in the middle of the listed stock banks. The gap between the overdue and undesirable rates of the merchant banks has narrowed in recent years, and credit risk is fully reflected in the indicators of the poor rate; 2017-2021
At the lower-moderate level of listed companies across the industry, there is some pressure on asset quality, and the disposal of non-performing assets is ongoing. At the end of 2021, the bank default rate and interest rate were higher in the stock market, the indicator of bad rate was lower in the stock market, and the asset quality as a whole was lower in the stock market.
At the middle of the list, the provision coverage fell to 174.6 per cent, a decrease of 16.4 per cent from the end of the previous year. From Roe and Roa, the bank has relatively high roe and lower roa levels in the list. At the end of 2021, the bank roe and roa were 9.83 per cent and 0.6 per cent, respectively, with financial leverage versus roe.
In terms of vertically speaking, the banks of the merchants fell year by year between 2017 and 2021, subdued by a small drop in the roa and accompanying oscillations, and underperformed by the trend of the roe and roa, which is largely a drag on the disposal of non-performing assets in stock. As stock issues are nearing completion, and the company's new strategic transformation.
Great efforts are being made to promote synergy between deep-farming rivers and the five main plates, and further optimization of profitability is expected. Figure 46: Annualized average roa and rows in 2021: Average annual roe
In terms of net interest differentials, there has been an upward trend in volatility in the last five years, up to the highest level in the industry. By the end of 2021, the industry was up to the top, showing a relatively good revenue-earning capacity.
Figure 49: Net interest differentials between merchant banks and industry-wide banks in 2021
At the end of 2021, the average cost of the bank deposits was 2.47%, the highest in the listed stock exchanges, which was closely linked to the higher deposit structure of the bank’s fixed-term deposit. At the end of 2021, the bank’s fixed-term deposit rate was significantly higher.
The average rate of return on commercial bank loans was 5.36%, the highest in the publicly listed stock exchanges, thanks to its ability to access excellent clients under its deep-drawn strategy, its better performance in terms of lending returns, which drove companies’ higher net interest differentials. Vertically, in recent years, the average cost of bank deposits and the average rate of return on loans have risen at a certain rate.
After that, the net difference is subject to some pressure but is largely manageable. Figure 53: Average rate of return on merchant banks and bid loans in 2021. Figure 52: Average cost of merchant banks and bid deposits in 2021
We assume that the key drivers of corporate profitability growth are as follows: (1) gross asset growth: a national economic camp with long-triangular radiation in the Zhejiang region, with a focus on microbusiness models and wealth management under the current strategy of promoting five synergized development.
(2) Net interest differentials: since 2021, commercial banks have continued to optimize their lending structures, with firm net interest differentials rising. But by the end of last year, Ipr and Ipr for the first year and five years of this year combined, 15 basis points and 35 basis points, respectively, the policy has further guided financial institutions to increase the economy of the cessional entity, so let's assume that by the end of 2022 we will be able to do so in accordance with the early part of the period.
As the “deep-farming river” strategy and the “five synergetic” battle are more uncertain and may lead to significant errors, we have conducted a sensitive analysis of the net difference in the table below; (3) asset quality: in recent years, companies have increased their levels of poor recognition and disposal, and stock burdens have been reduced.
The year will see a further increase in undesirable disposals, so it is expected that the impairment loss of assets will remain relatively high, and because of the high volatility of market interest rates, the net difference is highly uncertain about the projected impact, and we are sensitized to the fact that we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the reasonable value range of the company.
We use three-stage ddm valuations for the next three years as a short term (first phase, detailed profit projections, see table 9), the next 10 years as a medium term (second phase), followed by a permanent duration (third phase). At the former centre of the risk rate of return, the rate of return is about 2.7 per cent, while the market-wide rate of risk premium is about 7.2 per cent, i.e., the market-wide long-term return.
The rate is estimated to be around 10% (e.g., the long-term return on the PPI 500 since 1927 is about 11.5% on this basis). Differences in the discount rate can lead to changes in the company’s intrinsic value, and we also have a sensitive analysis.
The Bank of Zhejiang deepens its strategy of deep-ploughing the river, promoting synergy among the five main sectors, launching a large retail trade, and maintaining a good public position, with the prospect of a high growth in performance. At the same time, taking into account the good economy of the Zhejiang region and the good performance of the company, we assume that the company's second-stage growth rate is 7.0%.
They believe that economic growth will remain largely consistent in the long term, assuming that the company will grow at 3.0% per cent per annum. Long-term growth prospects have a significant impact on the company’s valuation, which we have also conducted a sensitivity analysis.
The following is an analysis of the sensitivity of the company’s absolute valuation to these two factors of change. Together, we compare all listed countries’ shares horizontally, taking into account the epidemiological and real-estate climate.
As the epidemic is brought under control and as the effects of steady growth policies become apparent, we expect that the suppression of the valuation of the shares of the country will ease and that the central value of the valuation of the stock of the country will rise slightly. The Bank of Merchants is located in Zhejiang province, where the economy is very well developed, and the strategy of deep-deeping the river has deepened.
The future strategic transformation of the company’s five clusters is expected to result in higher performance. But the strategic transformation of the company needs to be realized gradually, and the burden of stock is still to be cleared further, so the company’s competitiveness is now considered to be about 0.6 x in 2022, which is the basis for calculating the corresponding fair value at the end of 2022.
The value of the company, together with its regional economic situation and strategic positioning, is given an “enhanced” rating, which we calculate by absolute valuation and relative valuation methods to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company, but which is based on the value of the company.
A number of subjective judgements have been included in the calculations based on more hypothetical assumptions, in particular the assumption of a discount rate for companies and the assumption of a sustained growth rate, as well as in the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies: (1) There are a large number of investors in the market and there are differences in the duration of investment by different investors, financial costs, opportunity costs, etc.
To that end, each investor may have its own margin of appreciation for the discount rate, which may result in market-consensual judgements about the value within the company not being consistent with the conclusions we have drawn. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis for this purpose, but the sensitivity analysis does not necessarily fully reflect all investors ' discount rates;
(2) Our assumptions about the company's sustainable growth rate are subjective. We have conducted a sensitivity analysis, but the real situation may fall outside the sensitivity analysis zone: (3) The risk of fluctuations in the overall valuation of the market may not be fully taken into account in relative valuations, i.e. changes in Beta.
There is a risk that the industry as a whole will be undervalued by the current low overall valuation of the bank plate, resulting in undervalued valuations from horizontal comparisons of companies. Uncertainties about the company’s future profitability projections come mainly from two components: one is due to the frequency with which market interest rates change.
The impact of market interest rate fluctuations is compounded by the fact that banks themselves adjust the configuration of their asset liabilities to market interest rate fluctuations in terms of the type, duration, etc., and that, second, the recognition of non-performing loans and the corresponding provisioning have greater room for subjective adjustment by the bank itself, which may lead to a significant difference in the actual situation from our assumptions.
In the case of possible deviations from net interest differentials, we have been preceded by a sensitivity analysis; we have taken cautious assumptions about possible asset-quality deviations. Companies are subject to strict regulation in their industries, and their operations are affected by macroeconomic and monetary policies.
The company’s equity multiplier is high, and there will be short-term liquidity risks in the future if financial management is inadequate. Banks are engaged in high-risk operations, including credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk.
Schedule: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data reported are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author