A new stage in the development of a smart cloud, with innovation breaking out of a new engine, 15th of 2025, took firm steps towards steady growth in business performance, sustained improvement in the income structure, and high-quality development.
China Telecommunications (equity code: 601728) The Division's traditional basic business base is firmly rooted, the size of the user connection brings a virtuous circle, the recovery of profits over the last five years and the cloudy ecological system; the idc income is 33 billion yuan/+ 7.3 per cent, the income structure is constantly optimized and the production of the business is optimized
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s computing wisdom has led to a digital transformation that has broken out, and Zhao Liang Bei is fully engaged in a new phase in the development of smart clouds. We believe that the big change in technology has been priced in the company’s reform process.
The undervalued valuation of state-owned assets is expected to rise steadily, with the steady increase in company performance leading to investment in the ai+, quantum+, and major breakthroughs in core technology that will foster new and enhanced productivity. A major trend of autonomous control has now been defined and gradually deepened, with the state-owned enterprise being the nation’s new computing infrastructure.
This is an important part of our digital economy. Looking ahead, in 2025, the Department of Capital Expenditure dropped further to $83.6 billion, and the ratio of digital investment in industry is expected to rise to 83.6 billion yuan.
Thirty-eight per cent of them, or 22 per cent of the same increase in the value of their investment, protected the development of innovative and cloud-based operations.
In terms of income generation, corporate ai+ market expansion has been significant, with smart incomes of $8.9 billion/+195% providing new growth points for performance.
The cloud platform has gained the weight of 10 big countries, and the development of quantum security infrastructure has steadily advanced, actively promoting the development of a network of 16 priority cities, including North Kyoto and Shanghai, leading to the expansion of the quantitative business layout of head companies, and promoting the consolidation of the quantum industry. In general, in a context of security autonomy, companies have stepped up their efforts to develop new ones.
As the company responds positively to the new digital economy, the core technology is breaking down, and it is expected that it will accelerate the growth of new and dynamic productivity and inner circulation cores.
The company actively promotes the Quality-Ends programme, and insists on high-quality industry development.
There are programmes of action to strengthen market value management, work to share long-term corporate development gains with investors, and continuously raise the value of listed companies. In terms of dividends, China has a 72% interest rate on telecommunications throughout the year.
A curve, and a transformational upgrading of the new-quality productivity of an effective enabling country. Combined with the latest performance of the company, the company is given 17.27 times, is covered for the first time, and is given a “recommended” rating.
Risks of the period; risks of aigc technology applications falling short of expectations.
I. The digital economy’s bottom line is strong, and the growth of new and emerging businesses is clear: (i) high-quality development, dynamic and virtuous cycles of business, good revenue growth and growing profitability. Over the past five years, China’s telecommunications have been profitable and operating.
In terms of net profits, China’s net profit increased by 10% + in the last five years, its corporate growth was stable, and its performance base was solid. In terms of the composition and situation of telecommunications users in China, the basic user base grew steadily, and arpu (average income per household) remained relatively stable.
Specifically, the number of mobile and cable broadband users has continued to grow, with mobile users forming the basis of the Chinese telecommunications user community and mobile arpu reaching 45.6 yuan per household; mobile communications services have generated a revenue of 20,254 million yuan, an increase of 3.5 per cent compared to the previous year, accounting for 42.01 per cent of total service income. Broadband users have reached 197 million, of which the penetration rate is about 30 per cent for gigabytes of broadband users and broadband is mixed.
Together, arpu is 47.6 yuan per household; broadband access generates revenue of 88.618 billion yuan, a 1.9 per cent increase over the previous year, and accounts for overall service income. Corporate goods network business is growing well and emerging business is developing well. By the end of 2024, telecommunication network users had grown to 630 million households, representing an increase of 21.15 per cent compared to the previous year.
(ii) “Cloud change” strategy led by a steady increase in income from Sky-Cloud operations as a proportion of service income. From 2022, 2023 and 2024, Sky-Cloud-Cloud operations reached over 4.9 million users in 2024, an increase of 8 per cent over the previous year's year, with government clients accounting for the largest share.
In late 2024, China’s telecommunications Sky Cloud System began to build its first national production training programme, with extensive access to high-quality models and high-quality data sets, such as deepseek, and to science, technology and innovation.
By 2024, China’s telecommunications capital expenditure was 93.513 billion yuan, from 2023 to 2025, with 5g network coverage reaching maturity, priority cities completed continuous coverage in 2023, cloud network integration of infrastructure architecture in basic form, and emerging industries.
The decline in capital spending has helped to boost the free cash flow of operators, optimize the financial situation, provide resources to support the development of new businesses, and enhance shareholders’ ability to pay back. China’s spending on telecommunications capital has been divided mainly into industrial digitization, mobile networks, broadband networks and operating systems and infrastructure.
The percentage of mobile networks has been shrinking since 2024; the industrial digitization component became the largest capital expenditure on telecommunications in 2025, accounting for 35 per cent of total expenditure; the company's strategic focus on accelerating migration to the digital economy's main shipping lanes has become clearer; and China's telecommunications strategy, based on a “ cloud conversion” strategy, has gradually increased to capture the industry's digital blue-sea market, against a background of shrinking space for growth in traditional communications.
Arithmetic investment has become an important growth point in China’s spending on telecommunications capital. According to the company’s annual report, corporate investment in computing in 2025 will increase by 22% over the same year, constituting an important part of the industry’s digitized spending; through its arithmetic development strategy of “for-profit, smart, and over-calculating” companies are becoming players in the business community.
Coverage reached 95 per cent and millisecond-scale credits were achieved; new fibre optics and 400g full-light high-speed transmission networks were used to calculate and calculate. Second, China’s technology led to the enhancement of new and enhanced productivity. (i) China’s Telecommunication Quantities Group entered the National Shield and promoted the Quantum Technology Industry’s cross-cutting development
Quantum information technology consists mainly of three main research directions: quantum communication, quantum computing, and quantum precision detection. Specifically, Quantum communication consists of two applications: Quantum key distribution and Quantum invisible transmission, in which Quantum key distribution uses quantum state to load information, and Quantum key sharing through protocol communications, which allows resistance to all computational attacks, including quantum computer attacks.
It's using quantum entanglement and classic channels to transmit quantum bits, passing the state of a particle to another particle far away, and it's still in the laboratory stage. The quantum calculation is a new type of calculation that follows the quantum mechanics rule to control the quantum information unit, which, unlike the current calculation pattern, uses the stacking and entanglement of quantum mechanics to calculate it in some complex ways.
The problem of providing exponential acceleration is an important direction for future growth in computing capabilities across the spectrum. Quantum precision testing using quantum resources and volume. Quantum measurement brought about by sub-regulation brings new development opportunities for precision measurements, which are expected to achieve sophisticated measurements of physical amounts such as time, electric field, magnetic field, etc. beyond the limits of classical technology.
Scientific research and cutting-edge technological exploration have gradually started involving industry in engineering applications and future industrial development. China’s telecommunications have shaped a new model of “Quantum+” new dynamic energy for future industrial development, with “Quantum+” revenues growing by 238.7% on a year-on-year basis, quantum security infrastructure building is steadily advancing, and quantum technology conversion and commercialization exploration are beginning to yield results.
The new cryptographic system, integrated with classic passwords, has continued to enrich the "quantity plus" product capacity. There are more than 2,000 clients in important industries, with more than 5 million users of subsecrets; and the "Sin" quantum computing platform has been selected as the "Major Power Ten in 2024" with more than 14 million visits, leading to a two-fold upgrading of the size and type of numeracy to build the largest cluster of quantum computing in the country.
With regard to construction, China has actively promoted the development of the Quantum City Network in 16 priority cities, including Beijing and Shanghai, and has joined the Fertilized Quantum City Network in the first “Digital China Case” in the country. The Quantum Information Infrastructure Project has been selected for the first project to expand the application of the results of technology in central enterprises.
In March 2024, the China Telecommunications Quantum Information Technology Group and the National Shield Quantities signed a conditioned agreement for the acquisition of shares and strategic cooperation, whereby companies distribute 24.123 million shares to the China Telecommunications Quantities Group at a price of $78.94 per share, raising a total of $1,903 million for the development of the Quantum Science and Technology Primary Business.
By entering into an agreement on concerted action, such as an agreement on corporate ownership, and the State Treasury Committee of the State Council becomes the real controlling agent of the company. The buying party’s national shield, which is the “first share of quantum technology”, is the country’s first enterprise to industrialize quantum information technology and has an advantage in key core technology clearances, technological transformations, etc.
It will further promote the integration of quantum technology into critical digital infrastructure development, facilitate the fragmentation of critical quantum communications devices, prepare mini-customs, enhance seamless connectivity between quantum communications networks and classic communications networks, and build a complete wide-area mass communication network. Both sides also plan to take advantage of the Chinese Telecommunications Group in cloud computing, and to build on more cutting edges in areas such as quantum computing.
New developments to support the nationalization of core elements and instrumentation in the field of quantum information, the development of hard software systems, and applications in various fields downstream. In April 2024, the China and China Institute of Quantum Innovation delivered a 504-bit superconducted quantum chip to the National Shield.
Figure 10: Number of quantum information scientific papers (parts) The global distribution of quantum information has accelerated, and the trend in industrial growth is largely clear. In global terms, quantum information firms gather in Europe and America.
China accounts for about 30% of businesses in the area of quantum information, with the largest number of Chinese firms in the area of quantum communication. United States representative quantum computing firms include research and development (R & D) established by large technology giants ibm, google, intel, Microsoft, Amazon, etc., and various types of research and development (R & D), ionq, rigetti, qci, quera, etc.
In recent years, Chinese start-ups have set up quantum laboratories, such as 100 degrees of hardware, software, algorithms, etc., and have been active in hardware and software development, algorithm research, application exploration, and quantum computing cloud platforms, but their contribution to technology in the United States remains limited.
The quantum information industry is characterized by a long research and development cycle, and by investment in research and development funds. Because of the scientific importance of quantum information technology and its huge application value, governments, research institutions, and industry in developed countries like Europe and the United States are steadily improving their strategic deployments, steadily increasing their research and development inputs. In 2018, the United States launched a 10-year National Quantum Action Act, and the EU officially implemented the Quantum Technology Flag.
In March 2023, the United Kingdom launched the National Quantum Strategy, which will provide £2.5 billion in government investment between 2024 and 2034, and attract at least £1 billion in additional private investment. Due to technical difficulties, international academics generally believe that it will take 10 years, or more, to achieve universal Quantum computers.
In terms of total investment, global investment in quantum information reached $38.6 billion in 2023, of which China invested $15 billion, the highest in the world. The key areas of investment were technology such as quantum software, quantum hardware, and 22.53%, and 18.21%, respectively.
Promotion, support for the development of quantum technology and the development of a network for the confidential communication of quantum technology, with the rapid growth of the size of the market for quantum communications.Figure 14: Quantum information technology investment track ratio. Quantum information is part of our strategic emerging industry and is supported by industrial policy. Quantum technology is an important area of big game, Europe.
In order to gain a competitive advantage, countries like the United States have imposed a series of restrictions on quantum technology. Since August 2023, the United States has restricted private equity and venture capital companies from investing in quantum computing in China. In May 2024, China ' s 22 enterprises related to quantum science and technology were added to the list of export control entities.
In December 2023, the Central Economic Workshop again stressed the need to accelerate the development and diffusion of cutting-edge technologies, such as quantum computing. During the 2024 Conference, the State Council's National Committee for Finance noted that the share of income from strategic and emerging industries in central enterprises was 35% in 2025, with early deployments in terms of quantum information.
The meeting was held in Beijing, where the Government's working report made two references to quantum science and technology, stating clearly that “innovation capabilities have been upgraded, integrated circuits, artificial intelligence, quantum science and technology have produced new results” and emphasizing “the creation of mechanisms for future industrial input growth and the fostering of future industries such as biomanufacturing, quantum science and technology, physical intelligence, and 6g”, a series of statements that not only highlighted the importance that the State attaches to quantum science and technology, but also highlighted the importance it attaches to them.
The development of the quantum information industry points the way. (ii) China’s telecommunications lead the development of satellite communications, promoting the integration of telecommunications services and communications supplementation, expanding in particular fields such as aviation, oceanic, fishing, oil, environmental monitoring, outdoors, military, etc.
While the former global cellular mobile network covers only 20% of the land area and about 6% of the surface area, the global cellular mobile network continues to be difficult to meet global communications needs and relies on satellite communications for networking. In the face of large markets, traditional telecommunications giants are also active in satellite communications operations, seizing technological and market heights.
China Telecom is the only one of the three operators in the country with mobile satellite telecommunications license plates. In all of its operations, China Telecom has been able to communicate with China.
Satellite communications revenue grew by 71.2 per cent, and mobile phone-to-line satellite users reached 2.4 million. Previously, Chinese telecommunications companies, such as China Telecommunications Union, Glory, Mi, Opo, and others, had cooperated in two years to tackle technical problems such as the miniaturization of terminals and low power consumption, so that ordinary hand machines could be connected to satellites without changing card numbers.
China’s telecommunications satellite communications operations have gone beyond a single technological breakthrough to redefine the boundaries of the communications industry through the End-Net-Chum strategy. Currently, the industrial chain has launched over 20 mobile phones that support satellite communications, a closed ring ecology of this “end-and-service” that significantly reduces the threshold for satellite communications.
At the same time, China’s global telecom initiative, a direct-car satellite, has been working in a cross-cutting manner with a number of car companies. Thirdly, performance and dividends have risen, and the value of the business has highlighted the value of the valuation re-engineering.
China’s telecoms indicate that the profits distributed in cash over a three-year period have gradually increased from 2024 to about 75% of the profits of the shareholders in that year, in an effort to create greater value for the shareholders. Operators, acting as poles of business, respond with high interest rates to policy demands, build market confidence, and attract value investors through stable dividends.
The three major telecommunications operators have spread over most of the listed companies in a stock, and the reasons for their large dividends and high dividends are at least four points: steady growth performance, extremely high cash flow, healthy debt ratios, and strong growth. As the arithmetic investment enters the payout period, the operator's “tech dividend” can be converted to “shareholder dividend” or will be hit further.
In addition, following the announcement by the Trump government of the so-called “reciprocal tariffs” on Waca, on 9 April, the China Union announcement stated that the company had a strong interest in the development prospects of China's capital markets, attached great importance to market value management, developed market value management practices, submitted them to the Board of Directors for consideration, adoption and implementation, and continued to promote market value and value growth within the enterprise, with a cumulative increase in the controlling shareholder, the China Telecommunications Group Ltd.
The company, as a national team, is expected to continue to lead technological and technological development, with new and emerging business developments giving rise to new levels of productivity, and the value of medium- and long-term investments is highlighted. We believe that operators are national teams, low-valued and growing, and that Chinese telecommunications represent the national team of science and technology, benefiting from new changes in the infrastructure of the network.
The expectation is that the expansion of cloud operations, in particular, will accelerate towards the first camp, which is expected to lead to a further improvement in valuation; at the same time, the company’s profitability and cash flow assets will continue to improve, asset value advantages will be highlighted, and returns to shareholders will continue to increase. The CNR supports market value management for the company, and operators will respond to high-value policies. In recent years, the CNR has further studied the integration of market value management into the performance test of central business managers.
The board is encouraged to establish and disclose medium- and long-term red plans, increase the frequency of red transfers, optimize the red rhythm, improve the rate of red rates, and increase investors’ sense of access.
In general, companies are expected to continue with high dividends, with a rising proportion expected to continue. The benefits are expected to be higher than expected for new infrastructure changes, lower-stream application, firm operations, high-quality development, and “ai+” Quantum+, among other actions, have made a breakthrough in building a second-growth curve that effectively empowers the country’s new-quality productivity transition.
As of April 14th, 2025, comparable companies had an average risk of domestic and foreign policy and technological friction uncertainty: the location and effectiveness of policies could be affected by a variety of factors, such as the degree of implementation by local governments, the speed of response by market players, etc. If policies were not implemented, they might not be able to achieve the expected economic boost.
2. The risks associated with the emerging business of operators are not as high as expected: new technologies, such as cloud operations, are changing rapidly if operators are under-invested in technological R & D and innovation, are unable to keep pace with the development of the ai+, may not be able to meet the needs of their clients and may lead to limited business growth.
3.aigc technology applications fall short of expectations: there is still an early, rapid and iterative stage of development, uncertainty about the progress of technology research and development, and the risk of less than expected at the end of the application, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.