Quarterly summary: PWB net profits of $19.388 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the previous year
Of this, net interest income grew by 2.5 per cent over the year, net fees by 2.5 per cent over the year, other non-interests by 7.1 per cent over the year and operating income by 1 per cent over the year. Total assets grew by 3.5 per cent over the beginning of the year, lending resumed growth in performance and stock problems persisted.
In the first quarter of 2022, the Bank resumed growth in its performance, and stock risks continued to rise. Corporate performance improved significantly over the previous year by 3.7% compared to 3.7% compared to the previous year.
The write-off rate was slightly lower this year after significant write-offs took place in the second half of last year, and the provision coverage remained stable; the stock was kept clean and the provision was kept steady; and PDC has been working hard over the past few years to dispose of the stock problem and further intensified during the second half of the year.
Total corporate write-offs in 2017-2021 amounted to 10% of the total loans in 2017, with a significant acceleration over the negative turnover of $44.18 billion. The estimate of $10.2 billion was written off in the first quarter of this year, a slight decline over the same period last year, when 117.9 billion (measured) were still high.
Poeuvres: 2 seasons of positive growth, level of provision. Poeuvres: Reduction of asset quality pressure, focus on wealth. Downward economy leads to asset quality deterioration that is more than expected; regulatory controls that are more than expected.
Management of high revenue from facilitation fees 202,10329 S.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Banks: Quarterly summary: PDB 2022q1 realized a net profit of $19.388 billion, an increase of 3.7 per cent over the same year, with interest net revenue increasing by 2.5 per cent over the same year, fees net income increasing by 2.5 per cent over the same year, other non-interests falling by 7.1 per cent and operating income increasing by 1 per cent over the same year.
In the first quarter of 2022, the Bank resumed growth in its performance, and stock risks continued to rise. Corporate performance improved significantly over the previous year by 3.7% compared to 3.7% compared to the previous year. Performance growth contributed mainly to a slowdown in the growth of loans or the impact of epidemics, real estate sales, etc. The stock problem continued to be cleared, and after a significant write-off in the second half of last year, the write-off was slightly lower this year, and the provision coverage was maintained.
The interest difference ring increased by 4bp over the previous quarter, with net interest income increasing by 2.5% over the year, faster than the average interest-bearing asset measured to have increased by 3.4% over the year and the average loan grew slightly, or was affected by the epidemic, real estate sales, etc.
Among them, public loans grew by 3.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, retail loans grew by 3.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis at a slower rate, and retail loans grew at a faster rate than ever before, thanks to the continuing contribution of last year’s growth. 2.6 per cent, retail loans fell by 0.3 per cent, and industry data indicate that mortgages and personal consumption were being suppressed by epidemics and real estate sales.
The volume of corporate write-offs in 2017-2021 was equivalent to 10 per cent of total loans in 2017, and the negative turnover was faster, with write-off/deficit of 106 per cent in 2021.
The write-off of $44.18 billion in the second half of last year accelerated considerably. Measured 10.2 billion yuan in the first quarter of this year, a slight decline from 117.9 billion yuan in the same period last year (measured) is still high.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks are more relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
Financial regulation has been exceeding expectations. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is either expected by the supermarket for concessionary policies, it will affect bank earnings performance.