Fortune glass (600660.0.sh) 8 per cent increase in the year-on-year revenue, the value of car glass bicycles continues to rise, domestic vehicle output is the same as -4.3 per cent, and the reason why the collection went beyond the industry is expected to be mainly car glass.
As a result of the same upswing, 2023q1 achieved a net return profit of 915 million (adverse currency exchange effects, a new round of value-added new product cycles, a double increase in the price of car glass products. At the end of 2022, the company sold 127.14 million square metres of car glass, at 4 square metres of glass per vehicle.
This is equivalent to 3,179 million cars equipped, 78.39 million vehicles sold globally in 22 years, and 40.6 per cent of the global market for glass, compared to 3.7 pct. The August 30 Fulbright announcement 1) proposes to invest $650 million in Foyomi and expand plating car glass, floating glass, etc.) in cooperation with the government of Zhengzhou.
Planning of the whole industry chain layout; 3) Replenishment of 600 million yuan in the construction of plating car glass, steeled laminates at the end of the price, the price of single flat rice from $152.4 in 2016 to $201.3 in 2022, plus 6 pct. With the penetration of high value-added glass, such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, we measure car estates.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Four-quarter annual growth by 19 per cent, Autobonds by 19 per cent, Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Net profit by 49-106 per cent in four-quarters alone, Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Net profit by 84 per cent in three-quarters alone, Motors by 84 per cent in one-quarter.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and buy-in ratings.
" Glass of Favour (600660.0.sh) - The cost of raw materials and RMB exchange rate tracking and sensitive use (areas) increased from 4 to 6 square metres; 2) the value of single square metres (plating, insulated heat, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) increased from 600 yuan to over 2,000 yuan.
Autoglass, web connection, opening up new horizons, and industry upswing is expected to accelerate. We maintain a profit forecast - 4.3%, and the reason for the excess revenue is expected to be mainly due to the higher car glass ratio. 2023q1 achieved a net return profit of 915 million (deficit impact on currency exchange) compared to +5 per cent, ring ratio compared to +5 per cent.
1) 2301 million exchange loss (205 million loss of 2201), resulting in a reduction in the cost of shipping costs compared with the same period in the previous year, resulting in an increase in the total profit of 2301 million yuan compared to the same period in the previous year; 3) an increase in the cost of energy price hikes, resulting in a decrease in the total profit of 23q1 by 88.7 million yuan compared to the same period in the previous year;
4) The increase in the cost of pure base price increases has reduced the total profit of 23q1 by RMB 15.3 million compared to the same period in the previous year.
Figure 8: Four cost changes in the first quarter of Fulbright Glass, 2023q1, which is faster than the domestic car industry by 12 pct. Since 2013, Fulbright Glass has seen an annual increase in revenue and quarterly rate fluctuations that are broadly consistent with the domestic car market industry, with an absolute rate of increase in revenue.
Figure 9: Annual comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, Figure 10: Quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp
In 2022, the company sold 127.14 million square metres of glass, converted by 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, as compared to 31.79 million vehicles equipped with Marklines data, and 7,839 million vehicles sold globally in 2022, accounting for 40.6 per cent of the global market for corporate car glass, compared with 3.7 pct.
The company announced that it would continue to expand its glass capacity in the United States, Chengzhou, and Fukuking.
The company’s current floating glass energy base covers the United States, home to 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity and 260,000 tons of United States capacity. According to the company’s announcement, the company will then expand the floating glass/light glass capacity in the United States.
The announcement of increased investment by American Limited and its subsidiaries, Hyo intended to invest $65 million in the United States of America, a fully-owned subsidiary, of which $30 million was invested in projects such as plating car glass, production lines, steeled windows, etc. for the United States of America; and $35 million in the United States of America.
On 30 August, Foyo Illinois, a subsidiary, invested additionally and invested in the construction of two lines of a kiln (the floating production line of Fukuyo Illinois), four solar backboard glass deep processing production lines, factories and supporting infrastructure projects.
For the long- and medium-term layout of Chengzhou and the focus area on the cultivation of urban areas in China, Fukuyo will implement the whole industry chain layout in Chengzhou to expand production capacity and build the capacity of “Change One”
(a) Establishment of multi-purpose vehicle glass and new technology research and development centres for new technologies for new energy vehicles and customers;
On August 30, Foyoshi Industries Group, Inc., published a voluntary disclosure on the subject of full capital to the owner of the owner's company, Feng Yiu Po, Ltd., as a companion to a full set of car glass (including steel, plating, mold production, etc.)
In June 2021, the Department announced that it had invested 600 million yuan in the Fukuk car glass for projects such as the construction of plating lines for car glass and steeled laminates for windows, which had been filed with the Fukuk City Agency for Development and Reform in June 2022 and had started work on civil construction in August 2022.
We believe that the expansion is expected to open a new cycle of capacity generation, and that the global market share of the company’s car glass industry, with the expansion signal, is expected to continue to rise. At the price end: sustained R & D inputs, with higher value-added products rising.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies have been investing more and more, and their R & D investment has grown from $155 million in 2010 to $1,249 million in 2022, or 19% in cagr. Companies investing more in R & D than their intra-industry competitors, and starting in 2014 they are spending more on R & D.
It has been higher than 3.80%, with a 4.44% R & D cost in 2022, higher than overseas car glass taps. The company has set up smart innovation centres, set up smart network innovation teams, quickly developed a cut-off and made breakthroughs in core technology areas such as critical car glass manufacturing processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
Plasma glass, plating and heating glass, looking glass, ultra-segregated glass, etc rfid5g glass with a web-wire antenna, smart panorama glass, etc., provide users with new green intelligence, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly driving experiences.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads the company to upgrade its glass products. The company continues to push the car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration.” In 2022, the smart pan-soil, glazed glass, glass-up display, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantized glass, platinum can heat the estate.
High-value-added products, such as thugs, continued to rise, representing an increase of 6.21 pct over the same period in the previous year, and the price of car glass square metres continued to rise from $152.4 in 2016 to $201.3 in 2022 and to 4.7 per cent in cagr, the world’s premier landscape-wide mountain tourism train, which was officially established in Hunanju in December 2021.
Lines, which are expected to be operational in late 2022 on Integrated Orbital Transport 1 in the Rigang City, have been designed with superbly large front window design for the front window, the Sky Mirror, which is the largest orbital front window product in its current size, and with electrical colourable glass on the side of the train.
Figure 12: Vehicle glass industry vehicle area and single square metre value enhancement path Figure 13: Motor glass industry benefits from single vehicle area and single square metre value increase Figure 14: Foyo car glass unit price ($/m2)
Figure 15: The world ' s premier landscape-wide mountain tourism train officially de-lined and the visual enjoyment of back row passengers. Energy for vehicle appliances is provided through solar energy conversion to electricity, and fuel consumption is reduced.
It's a big view, and it's a beautiful view; it's very good light gathering, which in turn magnifies the atmosphere in the car, heat insulation, sound insulation, solar skylights, all-window windows, and creates a wonderful driving experience.
Integrating all kinds of materials in fine shapes; enabling flat-forming, fine-looking, wind-shielded, door-glassed, behind-the-curved, glass-integrated.
Small; colourful, high-lighted appearances. Windshields, skylights, mirrors, high-lighting displays; free-forming design; and floatable vehicle surfaces.
Independent high-light exterior top effect; guided track structure to provide direction for glass lift and down.
The windows, including adornments, are so high that the wind is so low that they are so high that the wind is so small. 1) The windows are always sealed: waterproof dust, soundproofing noise, forming a more experienced trunk of the vehicle.
(ii) Guideed vehicle windows: to achieve a door-drawn-down orientation, slide-tracking can be used as an internal and external adornment, glass-side totals, beauty, track-and-glass-all structure simplification of the car's total assembly process;
Fast and accurate positioning and efficient loading; moving glass windows to enhance air circulation; easy access (for back of pickup); manual with door and back windshield
Slide the window into a two-way electric opener; a flat or faulty look can be achieved. In December 2022, Foyo released a transparent projection showing the glass, closing the window on the side of the sound, and the video can be cleared.
The clean-up was projected on the panorama; and a completely new laser radar interior program was introduced -- placing the laser radar on the inner side of the front windshield, which is the best solution currently available from the vehicle's appearance, the layout position of the laser radar, and later, not only preserving the curved shape of the vehicle, but also not because it was installed.
Low impact detection results, with the front windshield as a protective layer, the laser radar device can remove the thunder mask, save the clean-up programme, and, of course, the defrosting programme, free from the impact of gravel and so on, so that the current manufacturing costs and maintenance costs are both reduced.
Figure 17: Foyo launched the Laser Radar Incorporated Program - Placing Laser Radars on the inside of the front windshield Looking forward with Hud (popular meb/New Great Wall Platform, etc.), full glass roof (Texra, Peng, etc.),
The use of light glass as a proxy is becoming more widespread, and the automobile glass industry is expected to increase at a faster rate in the context of electric intelligence. We believe that light glass, with its insulation, sound insulation, recreation, safety, etc., will be given more functionality throughout the landscape. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream.
It's a branded electric smart car. At the moment, glittered glass products can be divided into pdlc, thermal-variant, and ec-moderated glass, of which pdlc, which can be adapted to the landscape skyscreen, has been installed as an optional part in the mapfree, and can be modifiable at level 10, with 99% of the UV cut off: hot-changed glass can customize multiple glass colours.
And the colours can change with temperature; ec-lighted skyscraper is the new heavy weight-modified glass to be launched this year for the benefit of the light, with low zero degrees, an automatic transfer of intelligent senses, insulation of ultraviolet light, etc., with light-chamber ec-to-continuing techniques, with a gradient-to-colour light in apogee 001, wide aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc.
Investment recommendations: A sustained recommendation for a global champion glass on a high-quality track, maintaining a “buy-in” rating; industry opportunities around 1) incremental/upgraded parts and components in the context of motor intelligence; 2) autonomous rise production; two main lines of the chain. Under the incremental/upgraded parts main line, car glass has a built-in card position (occupancy).
One third of the surface of the vehicle, surrounding the crew, was upgraded around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes, and in the medium term, the light glass is expected to permeate to the end of the car's ecological application, which, according to the output carrier (volume of information outside the control screen), has a very large growth space (one-car value from)
With China’s automobile industry growing for many years, with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown to be the global engine of car glass (40 per cent of the 22-year estimate), far more profitable than the global competitor.
In 2023, it was expected that the company ' s performance would grow robustly in the context of glass product upgrading, sea transport and chip mitigation, and rising city occupancy rates; in the medium term, the company ' s increased capacity in North America, the country ' s Chengzhou and Fuching, was expected to open a new cycle of capacity, and the company ' s global share of car glass operations was expected to continue to rise with the signal of expansion.
Il, long-term dimensions, the company as the global engine of car glass, which is expected to increase from 4 square metres to 6 square metres in size, in the light of the general trend of intelligence, the use of car glass is expected to increase from 600 to more than 2,000 dollars in single-square-metre values (film, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modem, 5g communications, etc.).
The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now, or in the future.