Nbv is positive, guaranteeing the continuation of the transition with an increase of 47.2 per cent, corresponding to an eps of $2.54/share; the end-of-period net equity assets attributed to the parent company resulted from a year-long increase in profit maintenance due to a reduction in reserves, and stock market fluctuations + operating assumptions to adjust the rate of disturbance:
The company achieved a total net return of $7.9 billion year-on-year profit of a significant +47.2 per cent, of which q4 a year-on-year ratio -35.5 per cent (four quarters are usually low for profit, with limited impact on overall performance), but increased pre-tax profits by $150 million compared to the previous three seasons when the reserve was replenished, but reversed profits of $5.04 billion year-on-year before tax offset, forecast
(b) The equity market volatility shock investment end, where the corporate q4-trading financial assets have just been moved upwards on average at 750 days, and the reserve provision reduces the release of accounting profits, and
Industry, with structural differences driving value rates to remain high, 47.9% of the year is still higher than their counterparts, safeguarding the sustainability of the transition. The value dimension, with only a small +12.8% of the year, is slightly lower than expected.
Mainly: 1) negative investment returns contribution of $5.9 billion, although total investment returns factored into the profit table adjusted the two actuarial assumptions of operating and investment returns, with effects onev - 13.9 million and -1.1 billion respectively, with business adjustments mainly taking into account the worsening morbidity factor.
To influence the current period, but to sustain potential positive deviations in the future and to assume a healthier system. ▪ Continuous promotion of health risk strategies, business structure and value growth are expected to continue to improve: the corporate transformation strategy has been very effective, the business structure continues to be optimized, and the size of the workforce in each risk channel has increased by 6.3 per cent to 370,000 people,
Although per capita output fell by 24.6 per cent to $4,372 (a narrower decline than in the first half of the year), prior to the monthly average performance, companies were making significant efforts to develop their special health risks, raising health risks as a proportion of them.
Products will continue to grow, and high-value products are expected to drive the growth of nbv. In addition, the core management of the division has fallen, the chairman of the board of directors has left, the chairman of the Li Jingjun branch has acted as chairman of the board of directors, and the work session in 2019 stressed that “it remains the established business thinking, goals, initiatives”.
The year’s mid-year review: nbv is better than expected, followed by continued attention to directors/presidents’ candidates and corporate business development strategies.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies’ continued focus on health risk strategies, leading to a sustained increase in value rates, and the development of business strategies.
In anticipation that the new policy premium and the new business value will perform better than expected in a quarter, we expect the company to have 2019, 2019pev, with a strong low valuation advantage, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 3) Long end interest rates are expected to affect the end of the investment.
Figure 1: Net corporate return profit and year-on-year increase, 2012-2018
Figure 7: New policy premiums and increases from 2012 to 2018 for the company ' s various insurance channels
Figure 9: The size and speed of the company ' s exposure channels, 2013-2018.