Xinhua Insurance Annual Report performance advance assessment/non-bank finance
On the evening of 30 January 2019, the company issued an annual advance announcement for 2018, which projected an increase of 2,692 million yuan in net annual returns over the same period in 2017. The increase was about 50 per cent in the same year.
Their previous financial projections have been broadly consistent. The projected large increase in net corporate profits is driven by a slowdown in the provisioning of reserves, the assessment of interest rates for the life insurance reserve in 2018 is still higher than in the same period, positive for the release of accounting profits by insurance companies, and more significant for pure life insurance companies.
An active focus on long-term safeguard products will help to boost the Nbvmargin \triangleright company to respond positively to regulatory directions, to boost the product of the secure product and to sell it. We're on it.
The three-quarterly overview of the insurance company’s three-monthly report also provides an opportunity to boost the company’s overall new business value by increasing its contribution to its health insurance premiums. As far as the latest comparable data are concerned, Xinhua Insurance’s new business value is the highest of the four listed companies.
The performance of the investment end was robust and the rate of return was good. The style of the company ' s investment end was robust, with the overall rate of return on total investment being better than that of the industry, with 4.80 per cent of the total return on Xinhua insurance as of the third quarter, and 4.00 per cent for China. China ' s life was 3.32 per cent.
The firm’s solid liabilities and reduced reserves drive the release of corporate accounting profits. Long-term product premiums are raised in the first year, reflecting the transformation and optimization of the company’s life insurance revenues.
Xinhua Insurance (601336): Life insurance transitions have been successful.
In 2017, he joined the Civil Security Fund, the University of Sichuan, the University of Sichuan, the University of Arizona, the University of the United States, the Master of Financial Sciences. In 2017, he joined the Civil Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.