Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk)
Xinhua Insurance publishes its annual report, with a net annual gain of $7.7 billion and an increase of 52.8% in yoy, which is largely in line with previous performance reporting. Xinhua Insurance has increased the sale of health insurance in a context of strong regulation and has led to an increase in the value of new businesses.
On the investment side, companies have better grasped interest-rate time windows, increased the allocation of agreed term deposits, and overall investment returns have been stable. As Xinhua Insurance continues to operate with its health-risk features and future value-added, it is currently undervalued to maintain its “buy-in” investment proposal.
Performance is in line with expectations: Xinhua Insurance achieved $154.2 billion in 2018, a 7.0 per cent increase in yoy, a net gain of $7.9 billion, a 47.2 per cent increase in yoy, and performance was largely in line with previous performance reports. Extension premiums increased by 11.9 per cent of total premiums for the year: at the premium end, total premiums for the year 2018 were increased by 11.9 per cent
With $122.3 billion, yoy up by 11.9%, the renewal premium was the main contributor to the increase in premiums, with yoy up by 24.9% to $95.9 billion, new policy premiums (without short-term insurance) rising by almost 30%, mainly due to the negative growth of annual insurance in a regulated environment.
There are 370,000 risk-marketers, an increase of 6.3% over 2017, achieving a more robust growth.
With 4.6% return on capital, yoy drops by 0.6 pct, mainly influenced by interest market decline, net return on investment window, increasing the allocation of agreed term deposits. New business value is growing: Xinhua Insurance continues to operate with guaranteed insurance (e.g. health insurance is nearly 40% coverage).
This represents an increase of 34.8 per cent in total premiums and an increase of 6.2 per cent in Yoy) and an increase in the policy value rate of one operation to recommend investments with “buy-in”, with expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.