China’s Chinese vehicle (stock code: 601766.sh) incident: the company disclosed the 2024 annual report. In 2024, the company achieved its revenue of $246,457 million, a year-on-year increase.
Railway equipment + new industry operations led to robust growth in performance. In 2024, the company's railway equipment industry rose to 44.82%. In the context of the continued recovery of railway passenger flows, new cars and high-level tenders were launched throughout the 24-year period, with high revenues from mobile fleet operations rising by 49.26% to $62,432 million; and rail freight.
□: lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn, under the influence of a flat backlog of equipment replacement policies, both locomotive and lorry revenues slipped to varying degrees, amounting to $23,627 million and $18,094 million, respectively, a decrease of 15.57 per cent and 3.13 per cent, respectively, in urban areas.
The railway investment is expected to continue at a high level, depending on the dynamic growth of railway equipment operations.
Investment in railway fixed assets will remain at over $800 billion a year. In January-February of this year, the country's railway investment was more than 300 yuan, with 68.540 billion yuan, an increase of 5.1 per cent, and 726 million passengers, an increase in the same year.
China’s medium-size industry is 4.7%. The railway industry is expected to continue for 25 years, and the demand for new cars and maintenance is expected to remain high, supporting a robust growth in the company’s railway equipment operations.
The equipment upgrade continues, and the engine renovation elasticity is expected to be released. With the new round of large-scale equipment upgrades, the old and inflammated cars will be phased out in advance with motor elasticity.
Large-scale equipment upgrades. As local equipment upgrades support policies continue to be in place, motor vehicle upgrades and elasticity are expected to take place gradually from this year onward. According to the National Iron Group ' s 2023 statistical bulletin, there are about 4,000 units as of 2023 and over, with a replacement ratio of 1:2 per new vehicle until 27 years ago, about 2000 will be available.
1. [Galaxy] Company appraising - China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) needs for replacement of a new energy locomotive were released. In 24 years, the company issued a new seven energy locomotives, which are expected to be fully subject to a new contract of 69.4 billion in December, with a high-level amendment.
2. [Galaxy] Company review - Chinese Chinese car (601766.sh) cr450 vehicle release and high iron technology breakthrough.
The report is presented independently and objectively, with a commitment of diligence and an independent and objective approach. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.