Events: China ' s safe release of the mid-year 2021 report, which resulted in operating income of $6.356 billion, i.e. +0.9 per cent, and China ' s peace (601318).
Of the 49.5 billion yuan, or -3.2 per cent, of the profit from the mother's life insurance scheme, the cost of the happy investment impairment in summer affected the net profit impact of the tax on the shareholders of the parent company, which was $20.8 billion.
The operating profit impact, which is attributable to the shareholders of the parent company after tax, is $6.1 billion, mainly due to the new business value of the long-term guaranteed insurance through a risk channel - 45.1 per cent per cent, and the lower value of the new business, nbvmargin, 5.5 to 31.2 per cent lower than in the first year of the second quarter.
Life insurance roev 14.9% drops by 3.9 ppts compared to the same period. As the company’s life insurance pipeline reform progresses, the company’s “false” efforts increase and the recruitment threshold for agents is raised.
By 1h21, the number of people at the end of the risk channel was 87.8,000, or 15.2 per cent of the year, down by 10.9 per cent from the end of 1q21, but with the company's implementation of the `Boo+' upgrade programme and its aggressive digital channel reform pilot, the pilot business department retained manpower through digital empowerment.
Average Fyp rises by almost 30%, agent activity and product sales are significantly improved. Interest differentials and operating deviations drag on operating profits. 1h21. Corporate life insurance and post-health insurance profits are equal to -2.5%, resulting from residual marginal amortization, net asset investment returns, and increased interest differential income
Slower speed and deviation: 1) due to slower growth in new business contributions in recent years, mainly due to a decline in new business and lower payments due to lower client settlements during the same period last year
Well, itd House No. 9, West End Street, Beijing City, was affected by a reduction in Happiness, and the return on investment fell by the same time.
In terms of asset allocation, there has been an increase of 0.6 ppts to 72.0 per cent in the asset allocation category of corporate claims, with a decrease in bond investment - 0.6 ppts to 49.6 per cent, non-standard assurance that the pressure on insurance costs will ease and drive down the combined cost rate.
After economic warming \triangleright, the combined cost of insurance was reduced by 37.4 ppts to 88.2 per cent, the overall cost of safety insurance was reduced by 9.1 pct to 29.0 per cent, and the rate of payment was increased by 6.9 pct to 66.9 per cent.
For example, the cost of vehicle insurance insurance, as a result of a combination of changes in vehicle insurance, was equal to - 6.9 per cent; the increase in accident and health insurance was strong, at +30.4 per cent; investment proposals: consumption of customer resources after severe illness, continued loss of agents and post-displacement
The low demand for insurance consumption during the epidemic will continue to weigh off the new policy premium and nbv for the year. We believe that the company continues to press ahead with the reform of life insurance channels and is fully committed to building a high-quality three-tier team.
At the same time, at the investment end, there is downward pressure on the economy in the second half of the year, and interest rates are expected to fall. Corporate stock prices reflect the loss of Happiness and the pessimistic expectations of the insurance industry.
Risk factors: Impact of the epidemic, agent industry recovery is not as fast as expected: life risk reform is not enough \triangleright expected: agent decline leads to staff loss: significant capital market fluctuations lead to sharp investment returns
Decline; interest rate down will narrow fixed rate tool spread space and affect accounting profits. Figure 3: nbv (millions) and nbvmargin Figure 4: Investment rate of return (%)
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research.
Wang Ring, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, November 2019, Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center, and studied non-banking finance. Win Shrebang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Kwangdan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Hong Kong, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to work in small and medium-sized municipalities, which have no connection, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.