The completion of the piloting of the lithium salt project, the further acquisition of the gold mine — a study on the dynamics of the company Lithium Mining (601899.sh) 3q Salt Lake and Lithium Salt Lake Largo, the completion of the test and the call for lithium mining operations
At $1050521120004 in late October, the official Twitter public announcement of the South American lithium industry, Coth 30 Salt Lake, successfully produced the first medium-test product, about 20 kg of qualified carbonic acid.
Lithium products. On the basis of the intermediate test system, the company will continue to provide training and process optimization for the production staff, address the shortage of skilled personnel in the local industry in advance, and lay the process and talent base for the next formal operation of the production line.
The Lake Lithium Carbonate project is expected to be completed by the end of 2023 and the company is expected to be working towards the successful production in November of the first batch of battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide test products for further validation by the company's official micro-blogging public to announce the Largo missalt Lake project in the country.
The feasibility of the process offers a good start. Largo missalt Lake has a better resource base, with 2.14 million tonnes of lithium equivalent carbonate, with an average lithium ion concentration of 270 mg/l. The first stage of the project is to be adjusted to 20,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, with phase 2 being built.
Postnatal delivery capacity is to be upgraded to 50,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate.
Minesltd. (“Single Mining”) formally signs the second and third phase of the investment agreement for the acquisition of the Kamagote copper mining project in Mongolia.
As far as 45.9 per cent of the interest is concerned, it is the largest shareholder in the project, and the Hamagote copper gold mine is an advanced exploration project with an estimated ore volume of about 1.1 billion, The Purple Gold Mine (601899): Copper Gold Mine
Tons, containing approximately 2.93 million tons of copper and 243 tons of gold, have completed a general study to account for the continued growth of production and the accumulation capacity of lithium mining operations.
In addition, it seeks to deliver the selection process within 18 months.
Prior to that, the company completed a partial equity acquisition of gold mining in November, which became the details of the expansion, the sword being the world's third largest copper mine, the company's second largest shareholder, and the gold reserves had reached more than 3,000 tons.
Sub-profit reciprocal copper prices are lower than the prior-period forecast for copper, and therefore the public revenue forecast levels have been reduced overall. However, the current share price is one for each product, and the risk of a significant reduction in the price of the product is high; 2) copper mine expansion and reptiles are not as expected; 3) gold mine expansion
(b) The construction of lithium carbonate production capacity is not progressing as expected; and (e) the introduction of new materials from overseas, the inter-state strategy and six years of research experience in new energy sources.
Du Fei, a member of the carbon neutral group, a Bachelor of Science from Nakayama University, a Master of Science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, and responsible for research on color and new materials, reflects my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.