The "One Wings" created photovoluntellor, and the event (002459): the company published its annual report for 2021, and in 2021 it achieved $4.1302 billion in revenues.
\triangleright's annual output of company battery assemblies was 25.45gw, a 60.3% increase from the previous year, the second largest in the world, with 60% of overseas shipments and a steady top three in five consecutive years.
Increased distribution channels, with distribution volumes rising to 35%.22 The net profit increases from the 35-40gw target for battery shipments throughout the year due to a larger sales volume and a higher price.
The component is under short-term pressure to fully implement the One Wings strategy. The 21-year Māori ratio of the component is down by 1.94 pct from 20 years, mainly because of the high price of silicon, and even if the unit price of the component is higher on average, it will not fully offset the rising cost of raw materials in the long run.
As industrial chain advances and silicon prices rationalize, the trend of industrial chain decline will continue, and the profitability is expected to pick up gradually. From 22 years on, the company will fully strengthen the implementation of the One Wings strategy – “One” for 95% of the collected silicon, battery and assembly industrial chains; and “two” for light, respectively.
Voltage stations are based on intelligent energy to explore downstream applications, and support materials such as single-crystal furnaces, border frames, slurry, etc., are in the breeding phase. Increase the layout of overseas markets, with equity incentives to bind core personnel.
Thirteen sales companies have been set up, distribution services are networked in 135 countries and regions around the world, and the volume and market share are expected to increase continuously, mainly because of the company's early industrial chain layout at sea.
The stimulus plan will help to stabilize the core team, improve the remuneration structure, and reduce the volume of Sunda securities, Inc.
Cindasecuitiesco., Ltd. develops new technologies to enhance vertically integrated capacity-building.
The first Yunnan project, the 20gw Single-Crystal Stick and 20gw Single-Crystal Silicon Project, was successfully launched. The company took advantage of low local electricity prices and low-carbon emissions.
The ratio of large-scale silicon tablets has further reduced the efficiency gains and provided cost-effective support for efficient batteries and high-power components. In the case of photovoltaic power plants, the company currently has a number of “parity Internet” projects in place in the country, with a combined capacity of about 700mw, to deepen its cooperative relationship with China's nuclear transfer capacity through the sale of stock plants.
In terms of batteries, the conversion efficiency and production costs of the company perc batteries are industry leaders, with an average conversion efficiency of 23.60%; and the test lines in the n-hjt and topcons.
Started operating with a test-line conversion efficiency of 24.60 per cent in the developed bycium battery (n) and active research and storage of ibc, thorium ore and stacking battery technology. Risk factors: downside risk in the price of photovoltaic products; less than expected risks in new installed machines; corporate output
\triangleright can expand as much as expected, joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of new energy sector research for electrical equipment.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.