The performance of the three-quarterly report was in line with expectations, and the growth in performance resulting from the increased bidding was time-bound: the company issued its three-quarter report 2018 on 30 October, and the railway block business was steadily developing in the first three quarters of the year, benefiting from a significant increase in the bidding process and future corporate performance.
To ensure further upscaling. In 2018, the company actively promoted the 350-km-hour “Recovery” vehicle fleet sales, and to date has purchased a total of 8 standard columns 326, which are expected to exceed the target of 350 rows set by the General Iron Work Session at the beginning of the year.
The small decline of 3.77 per cent is mainly due to the restructuring of the company, which is larger than the size of the logistics service. The same increase is due to the effective cost control during the company period and the revenue from the sale of mobile cars in the railway equipment of the heart business, which has reached $40.360 billion.
Over the next two years, we'll be able to increase the volume of tenders for moving cars, locomotives and vans.
$20.96 billion, of which overseas orders amount to approximately $3.9 billion. In the larger context of trade friction between China and the United States, the net profit growth was slightly higher than expected, the company's overseas operations were hit by a certain amount of shocks and the contracts were signed by Thailand and Malays.
West Asia’s high-iron projects have been slow or even stagnant. In the context of China’s China Central (601766) annual report performance, companies are actively exploring and developing emerging “one-way” countries, African countries, etc.
Steady, the industry is basically oriented toward the short-term market, and we are pushing for the promotion of such niche products as locomotives, vans, etc. We expect the company to maintain a high level of fixed capital investment in its overseas industries throughout the year. In January-September this year, we completed the railway.
Of this total, capital investment of $732 billion was completed in the first half of September, amounting to $111,089 million, an increase of 28.87 per cent over the $86.2 billion in August. With the start-up of a new railway infrastructure project in the second half of 2018, railways have been built.
Building investments are expected to return to a high point of $800 billion a year. Based on the country’s daily interest in inter-city railways, we judge that the country’s capital investment in railways over the next three to five years is expected to remain on a profit forecast and rating.
Progress planning, we expect the company to earn $227.9 billion in business between 2018 and 2020, respectively, to meet expectations, and industry research in areas where growth in performance can be expected as a result of increased bidding, and to specialize in industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related issues.
Before entering the financial sector, there were eight years of business experience, in areas such as engineering machinery and automobiles, in production techniques, markets, and strategies. The Pacific Securities Union, in June 2017, was well placed to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals.
The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which was established in July 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up by joining Pacific securities in July 2017. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in September 2017, was well placed to seize investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.