The number of orders is expected to increase significantly in 2019, the world’s largest supplier of rail equipment, and its short- and medium-term performance has increased. The company was formed in 2015 by a merger of the Chinese and China North Rovers, with the controlling shareholders being the Chinese Cars Group, and the controlling persons.
State Finance Committee of the State Council, 52 weeks minimum, whose main business is the development, manufacture, sale and servicing of railway rolling stock, moving units, urban orbital transport vehicles, engineering machinery, various types of mechanical and electrical equipment, etc., China
China is the largest, most varied and technologically leading orbital equipment supplier in the world, and its products have served 104 countries and regions around the world. In 2017, the company achieved operating income, railways, urban rails, etc., became a sound economy, a critical catch-up for the catch-up board, and the company performed well for the Iron Master.
High domestic industrial barriers and exclusive access to cakes: foreign expansion costs have significant and visible advantages. On the domestic front, there are high entry barriers to the company’s orbital transport and equipment industry: 1) high end product
In terms of goods, foreign producers do not have direct access to the country's railway equipment market, but only in the form of co-production with domestic manufacturers; (2) in the case of urban rail, the State tends to make existing enterprises strong, taking into account both the capital-intensive and utility-intensive properties of the industry, and essentially the construction of external entrants.
According to China’s South China Stock Exchange Note, the merger of ex-China’s South China and China’s North American vehicles once held a 95% market share in the domestic railway equipment manufacturing industry, creating a de facto monopoly. In terms of foreign expansion, companies have a significant cost advantage for high-iron products, according to the World Bank in 2016.
According to the report, the cost of the project is only one-third to two-thirds per kilometer for the countries of Europe and the United States, although companies now receive less than 10% of their income abroad, but growth in the medium term is still promising. Since then, the pressure has gradually emerged from the economic upswing and downwards, and the policy orientation of the country’s countercyclical adjustment policy has been the same.
It has become clear that both railway construction and urban rail construction will be important players in the building of the capital, while downstream rail and urban rail transport operators will benefit significantly from national policy: 1) the railways are unilaterally ordered, with the main customer (including the railway department and the company) in the road, accounting for the company.
According to China's railway tender network, in 2019, the railways proposed nearly 1.11 trillion dollars, or 38 per cent more, to start their projects, while out-of-road customers were large-scale plants, mining groups, ports, etc., and were affected by the downside of the economy, and the number of orders fell.
But in August 2018, the city’s track project was re-opened and the orders were expected to be restored.
In the production sector, the impact of scale is significant, with leverage magnifying the profit-end increase by 1 percentage point based on the Māori rate. The profit-rate rises by 10 percentage points: 2) North and South, the integration of the North, the betterment, the optimization of the company’s internal operations, the personnel structure, the later integration, the placement of employees, etc.
(c) The company uses the “sales” production model, organized on the basis of a customer's contract, and the company's 18q3 inventory amounts to $80.75 billion, or +9.9 per cent of the year.