China zte(a-share) 2qnetlosuptormb10.7bnduetofines
I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true, but I don't know if it's true.
I mean, the companyhascleedanohurdlewith aus $400mescrowAfreementonjuly12, the financialstoreemovebanoncecompleted. wecutortptorm12.9aswetrimearningsin2018/19/20eby
4% toreflextheimpactofthefinesandoperationsubscension. ztereleased2q18guidanceofanetlossofrmb8.7bn~10.7bnvsanetprofit ofrm1.1bnin2q17,owingtothesuspensofmajoperatingactiveties
And theus$1bnfinduringthenegotiationwiththeusinanathetemptto investmentfundamentals removethedenialor (tradingrums; US$1.4bnsettlement, June 13).
On july 12, the companyigned anaglementforanadditionUS$400m escrowpenalty, paving thewaywatersements (link).itisimportantto notehatthebanwillstillplaceplaceplaceforetheusisuesanototicflitting
I'm sorry, the banncethescrowdepositiscompleted.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're 1 bnfinewasbookedin2q18basedonthecompany'sannouncement while the companyhasalsometomediadetailedaturewithusonthe escrowpenalty, whichmarksthefinalsteponcethedepositiscompleted.
000063chrelcsi 300performance, & rec history managementreshufflewiththenewceoinplace: ztetappedanin-house
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do that, we're not going to be able to do that, we're not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know, macquarieoverageatthetimeotheriasanembargoperiod Furthruetathefinesandcustoms' hanging concernson thesustainability (allfiguresinrmunbusnoted, piccny)
No, of the company. Welowerourtptorm12.9 (fromrmb29.0) onanupdated pmulpripleof 13xasault, the trafficoverinthepastfreemonths. macquariecapitallimetited
It's not like it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do, but it's the right thing to do.
I don't know what to do, maintainneutral.zte(a-share) macquariereresearch
Macquariereresearch zte(a-share) zte(a-share)
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this.
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices.
You know, the quaantmodelcurreldsamarginallynegativeviewonzte (a-displayswhohereshare).
I'm not sure if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know, I don't know.
(china) Andglobalsector technologyhardware&equipment (technologyhardware)
%ofbuyrecommations numberofpricetargetdowngrades
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
(higherisbetter)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Howitooksonthealphamodel whichfactorscorehashad the GreatestCorelation with the company's amoregranalviewoftheunderlystelestdrivethealpha (higheris)
And the percentilebankrelivetothesectorandmarkets.sources: factset, thomsonreuters, and macquariereresearch.formoretailson themacquariealphamodelormorecustomoidanalysisand
@a-share: #marcquariereresearch zte (a-share) importantdiscusures:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm just...
I don't know, macquarie-australia/newzealand introducedthevolatilityofhistorical all "adjusted" dataitemshavehadthefollowing
3% inexcessofbenchmarkretrürn adjutantsmade: pricemovements.
3% fbenchmarkretrürn underperform–retürn>3% belowbenchmarkretürn
Very high-highestrisk-stockshouldbe catastrophereserves, ifrsderivativores & Hedging, expeditedtomoveuportown 60-100%inayer
Ifrsimpairments and ifrsinterestexpense benchmarkretrürnistdeterminedbylongtermnocal invectors shouldbeawarethstockishigly
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, special.
eps=adjustednetprofit/efpowa* roa=adjustedebit/averagetotalassets neutral-expected returnfrom-10%to+10%
Roabanks/Insurance=adjustednetprofit/average underperform_expectedreturn<-10% totalassets
@mcquarie-southafrica roe=adjustednetprofit/averageshareholdsfunds outperform-expected return > +10%
Grossscashflow=adjustednetprofit+depreciation neutral-expected returnfrom-10% to +10% numberofshares
This post is part of our special coverage Global Voices Online.
I don't know what you're talking about.
. underperform-return >5% belowbenchmarkstream only
If you don't like it, you'll have to take care of it, and you'll have to take care of it.
Note: Quantrecommensionsmayifferfrom 3000ndextrern neutral(hold)—returnwithin5%ofrusselstel3000index
Retrieval indexrern 000063chvscsi300, & rechistory
(allfiguresincurrenceunlessnotted) note: recommendationtimeline-ifnotacontinousline, thethenewasnomacquarie overageatthetimeorthesanembargoperiod. 12-monttargetpricemethodology
000063ch:rmb12.90basedonnapermethodology company-specificdisclostures: targetpriceriskdisclosures:
0.00063ch: anyinabilitytocompetsuccessfulaccessibilitys.theirmarketsmayharmthebusiness.thiscouldresultoffulfactorswhochmayinclude geographicmixandintroversionofproduceproductsorservationsbycompetitators.othersultsservationsmayberealaffectedbyglobal economicconomicalsgenerally, includingconventionsinfincialmarketets.the companynyisexposedtomarketekets, sochashangesininterestes,
Foreignexchangement sandinputprices. Fromtimetotime, the companywillingenterintotranctions, includingtancesindiveinstrustments, to managecertainoftheseexpositions. analystcertification:
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Including macquariegroup Ltdtotalrevenues, aportionofhicharegenerated bymacquariegroup's investmentbankingactivities.generialdisclamers: macquariecurities (australia)ltd; macquariecapitatal (europe)ltd; macquariecapitamarketsnadaldd; macquariecapitamarketetsnommerica
ltd; Macquariecapital (usa)inc; Macquariecapitallimited, taiwansciritiesbranch; Macquariecapitalscirities (singapore)pteltd; Macquarie sicurities (nz)ltd; Macquariequitesouthanfrica (pty)ltd; Macquariecapitalsecuities (india)pvtld; Macquariecapites (india)pvtld; Macquariecapitalscirities (malaysia) sdn bdbd; Macquarieriesecuritieskorealimitandmaquarieries (thailand) ltdarerotousesides (taliland) ltdarenotasetoasesidedisposit-tasatingsforentitutionsfortyofthe
I'd like to thank you for your kind words, macquariereresearch zte(a-share) 0085853542 (mbl)ormgl.mldoesnotguaranteeorwiseprovideassuranceinrespectoftheobligationsofanyoftheavementationed
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, and other professionalsmayprovidiororworldmarkermarkercommationortrainingstrategiestooursourcesthatreflecultinionswhocharecontractoryto the opinionexpressedinthisresearch.macquarierereresearchproducesavreofresearchproductsincludification, Butnotlicedto, fundamentalanalysis, macro-economicanalysis, quantiactiveanalysis, and tradedeideas.recommendeidescontainativenedinetyofofreveresearchproducedofifford
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, but I'm talking about it, and I'm talking about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it.
I'm not sure you're going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, because I'm not going to be able to do it, I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, the macrostrategymaresales & tradepersonsnelwhoprovidedadeskcommentarythisnotaproductof themacquariereresearch departorsubjecttofinrüle 2241 oranyootherregularregardingtheprospectionoffequitireresearch. country-specificdisclamers:
Australia: naustralia, researchissessueddistribudbymacquariececurities (australia) ltd (afslno.238947), aparticipatingorganisationof the australiansciritiesexchange.macquariecurities (australia)limited Staffinvolved withthepepreparationofrefresearchhaveregularinternationalinteraction wiith company companiestheycover.addicationally, macquariegroupliceddochesandstodobusinswithcompaniescoveredbymaquariereresearch.
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
And (ii) participatingorganisionofthetoronto stockexchange, tsxventureexchange&montréalexchange.thisresearchsdridibustiedstates, asirdpartnerresearchbymaquarie capitalmarketsnorthamiercaltd., whichisaregisteredbroker-dealerandmeroffincialindustryregularatortyandthesecritities.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Intendedfordistrition in Statementlytomajorinstitutionalinvestor.Researchanalysts of macquariecapitamarkarketscanadaldald.rerenotgetted/qualfiedresresearchanalysts
Capitarmarketscanadaltdd.istolowallclientathatatreitledtohaveequalaaccesstoourresearch. unincorporateddom: intheunishedkingdom, researchchisissedddistriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichisauthorsedandregulaedbyfinalconductautology (no. 193905).germany:ingermany, thisresarossuedand/ordribustedbymacquariecapital (europe)limed, niedlassungdeutschland, whichisišišićed
Authorisedandregulatedbytheukfinciancialconductauthority (No. 193905), andingermanybybafin.france: infrance, researchissussuedand distriedbymacquariecapital (europe)ltd, whichislislissuissuedandreglatedintheunishingdombythefinancialconductauthority (No. 193905).hongkong&mainlandchina: inhongkong, researchissussuedtedbymacquariecapitalimited, whichislislicensedand
I don't know, regularized by the securitiesandfutures committee. inmainlandchina, macquariecurities (australia)limed shanghairepresentativeofficeonly engagesinnon-businissoperativeactivities exclusingistuisentidies provisionaleresearch.onlyn-asharerereresearchchisistributedintainintainlandchina by mamaquariecapitallimited.japan: injapan, researchissuassuidandtedbymacariedmacquariecapacitacitates (japan)
Tokyostockexhange, inc. andosakaexchange, inc. (financialinstrumentsfirm, Kantofinancialbureau (kin-sho) no. 231, amberofjapan securitiesdealersassociation.india: india, researchchissussuedanddristritedbycquariecapacitations (india)pvt.ltd. (cin: u65920mh 1995ptc090696), 92, vel9, 2northaway, makermaxity, Bandrakurlacomplex, Bandra (east), mumbai-400051, india, whisisa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
iresttotheteport.researchcase(s)inthhiaregisterascllerksonlyassististinthepparationofresearchandareototagedin writingotheresesearch.macquariemaybeinpastoneyorionorionofrucesserofrucructuredwarrantsonsecuritiesmentationinthelsreport.thailand: inthailand, researchechisproduced, issuedanddisteribuedbymacquarieniecurities (thailand)ltd.macquarienesecurities (thailand)ltd.isalicenesed
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever seen me, but I don't know if you're the only one who's got me, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's got me.
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4.southkorea: insouthkorea, unlessothwisted, researched, issedanddistrited bymacquarie securitieskorealimited, ichisregradedbythefinciansopervisorieserces.informationsanalysinmsklisdisclosed 00000.southafrica: insouthafrica, researchissuedanddriedbymacquarietebouthindicatica (pty)ld, amberofthejselimited.
(singapole: insingapore, researchissuissedanddistributed by macquariecapitalsecurities (singapore) pteltd (companyregistation number: 198702912c), acapitamarketsserviceslicenseholderunderthesecuritiesandfuturesacttodealinsecuriesandprovidicastomediaservicesin singapole, pursuanttothefinancialadvisers (amendment)regulations2005, maquariecapacitates (singapore) teltisesexemptfrom
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
i. , accepts responsibilityforthecontainmentresearchportreparedbyoneofetsnon-usaffiliateswenthersreothersreportisistiedtheuniveinsbymaquariecapitatal (usa) inc. , accepts responsiabilityfortheconfearchresearchprovedbyoneofisonsnon-usaffiliateswhenotheresresearchedinstedintheunitedstates bymaquariecapital (usa) inc.macquariecapital (usa) inc.inc.'saffiliate'sanlysarrenotregitedasresresearchtechanalystswithfitra, maynotbe
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, macquariereresearch zte(a-share) wishingtoeffectatrancyinnysecuritydescribedhere
Revertiveat1-888-mac-stock, orwritetothe supervisorialys, research development, macquaries, 125w.55thtreet, newsyork, macquariegroup equities
I'm not going to be able to do that, asiaresearch headofequiresearch emergingleaders.
Technology jakelynch (asia-head) jakelynch (asia)
damianthong (asia, japan) hiroyukisakaida (japan-head) kwangcho (korea)
Allenchang (greaterchina) conradwerner (asean-head) corinnejian (greaterchina)
Jeffreyohlweiler (greaterchina) conradwerner (asean) chrisyu (greaterchina)
Automobiles, autoparts bodenworldalak (thailand) kaylintsai (greaterchina)
lynnluo (greaterchina) janetlewis (china, japan) infrastructure, industriaries, transferation
Patrickliao (greaterchina) allenyuan (china) verenajeng (greaterchina)
Patrickdai (china) Jameshong (korea) danielkim (korea)
(india) irczong (china, Hongkong) abhishekbhandari (india)
kuniosakaida (japan) bankandfinancials farrahaglima (malaysia)
#Jameshong (korea) corinnejian (taiwan) scottrussell (asia)
It's not like you're the only one who's indigretsinghbhatia (india) dexterhsu (china, tiiwan)

I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
philippines sureshganapathy (india) nathanianurhalim (indonesia)
Jaydenvantarakis (indonesia) wendyhuang (asia) anandpathmakanthan (malaysia)
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm the one who's going to be here, but I'm the one who's going to be here, and I'm the one who's going to be here, and I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to be here, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna to be the one??
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
Hiroyukisakaida (japan) peachpatharavanakul (thailand) patrickdai (china)
I don't know what to do, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Quisamagpayo (philippines) aditysuresh (asia) yasuhirorakada (japan)
It's not like you're a korea, it's a korea.
Yasuhironakada (japan) sumangalevatia (india) corinnejian (taiwan)
turvinderbrar (global) Jaydenvantarakis (indonesia) benshanelim (malaysia)
Johnconomos (asia) Farrahaqlima (malaysia) yupapanpolprarnprasert (thailand)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
♪ Conglomerates yinginghou (asia) davidng (china, Hongkong)
Corinnejian (china) strategy, country conradwerner (singapore)
Alargarude (india) gilbertlopez (philippines) richardowalujo (indonesia)
Viktorshvets (asia, global) davidng (china, Hongkong) consumer, gaming
It's not like you're going to have to go to the hospital.
Lindahuang (asia) tuckyinsong (asia, singapore) effreyohlweiler (taiwan)
Chibochen (china, Hongkong) davidng (china, Hongkong) inderjeetsinghbhatia (india)
#Terencechang(china, Hongkong) Kelvintam(china) Jaydenvantarakis (indonesia)
If you don't like it, you'll have to take it easy on me.
philalali (china, taiwan) tomoyoshiomuro (japan) gilbertlopez (philippines)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
kwangcho (korea) aimanmohamad (malaysia) peachpatharavanakul (thailand)
philippies (philippines) amitsinha (india) kaisamagpayo (philippines)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ I'm not gonna let you go ♪ ♪ I'm not gonna let you go ♪ ♪ I'm not gonna let you go ♪ ♪ I'm not gonna let you go ♪ ♪ I'm gonna let you go ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get you ♪ ♪ I'm gonna get you ♪
thomson: denessoon (malaysia) reauters:
Macgo Bloomberg: capitallq
Asiasales regionalheadsofsales regionalheadsofsalescont'd
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
Suhaidasamsudin (malaysia) amliamehta (asia) anuskent (thailand)
Michaelsantos (philipines) Jeffreyshiu (china, Hongkong) benmusgrave (uk/europe)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Marcrosa (newyork) thomasrenz (geneva) justinmorrison (singapore)
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it.
Johnjaylee (korea) bradanrake (thailand) adamzaki (asia)
Nikhadi (malaysia) mikeken (uk/europe) stanleydunda (indonesia)
Ginocrojas (philippines)