National Union jrities newsletter (000063.sz)
t0 reborn at the next dawn Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
The embargo does not change the firm’s long-term trend toward a strong future, and the company is expected to do well in the 5g era. The embargo has put considerable pressure on the company’s short-term financial indicators and the expansion of overseas markets, but it does not affect the company’s ability to sustain its operations and its core capabilities remain.
Events will not affect the market pattern that will emerge in the next 5g era. Building on the company’s lead in the 5g technology – time, performance, and cost – it is still expected to be the largest beneficiary of a rebalancing of the 5g era market patterns of telecommunications operators, whose share of the global market is expected to rise from the current 12% to more than 20% in the 5g era.
China’s total investment in 5g is expected to reach more than 50% of the world, and China’s largest 5g market is expected to accelerate its growth. China’s operators are expected to face a new round of capital spending after 2019.
The company’s long-term trend toward good governance remains unchanged, and validation of the investment logic will need to be confirmed in the future in the following nodal events. First, whether it is possible to continue to obtain new orders from customers abroad, especially from large overseas t clients: second, whether it will gain a greater market share in the recent collections of Chinese operators: third, whether sustained improvements in corporate governance can ultimately be made public.
Net profit rate increases on the divisional’s financial statements. Communications in China depend on China’s major markets, corporate governance continues to improve, companies are expected to grow at a high rate after 2019, while equipment vendors are expected to enjoy valuation premiums during a peak of 5g, covering the first time.
The company’s overseas market has not expanded as expected, and the share of domestic operators in bid collection has fallen short of expectations; 5g investments have fallen short of expectations, and the operator’s capital expenditure has fallen short of expectations.
After the 88-day embargo, the company’s core capabilities were also lifted from April 16, when the United States Government imposed a ban on communications in China, which lasted 88 days, nearly three months of operations were suspended, and communications in China lost a lot.
Despite the huge losses, the company’s core competencies remain. The central telecommunications sector, with its five-g technological lead in terms of time, sexuality, and cost, remains unstoppable, and its research and development capabilities remain core competitive.
So that, during the ban, R & D personnel are also in positions of compliance and refusal, and 5g capabilities are still growing. So far, the media still have a technological advantage in key areas such as wireless 5g equipment. As a result of the company’s long-standing focus on 5g and its firm investment in 5g, China’s booming and China’s strong investment in 5g.
In the past 2017, there have been significant breakthroughs in the five-g series of pre-commercial stations in February, the launch of Europe's first 5g pre-commercial network in October and the launch of a service-based network in December.
The architecture’s 5g core product; in April this year, China opened the country’s first 3gpp 3,500 standard proposals in Guangzhou, with the 5g strategic layout patent at the top of the world.
Pre-embargo business has developed a trend towards competition, and in recent years, firms have adopted a sound, focused, front-line development strategy, with steady operating revenues.
In 2017, the company ' s business operations were followed by losses of about $892 million. If the aforementioned losses are eliminated, the company ' s overall Māori ratio has risen steadily over the last five years, mainly due to the company ' s 4g system equipment industry at home and abroad.
Net interest rates continued to rise in 2012-2015 and fell suddenly in 2016 for the same reasons as the previous net profit from the previous returns. Prior to the embargo, the net profit on communications in China and abroad was 1,687 million, a 39 per cent increase over the previous quarterly report.
Against the backdrop of the continuing decline in business capital spending, it has not been easy to do so, and it has already created a catch-up for equipment dealers in the front line. t0 is just the beginning, and the next dawn is 5g.
On July 14, China launched its pre-preparation to business reconstruction plan and began full resumption of global operations. From the night of 13, the staff came to work, with the first orders coming from Central Jersey, and we believe that the embargo will not change the long-term trend towards good, but return to the post-production boom.
Communication continues to face many difficulties, and it is urgent to rebuild the trust of customers, suppliers, and investors in companies, with the greatest uncertainty in the future coming from a 10-year regulatory period. We believe that it will be possible to see whether companies can return to a virtuous development path when they resume production, with progress in the following three areas.
First, whether it is possible to continue to obtain new updates from customers abroad, especially from large foreign t clients, and, second, whether it is possible to obtain a larger market share in the recent collection of Chinese operators: third, whether sustained improvements in corporate governance can ultimately be reflected in an increase in net profit margins on corporate financial statements.
To the moment business resumes is only beginning, and the future of the company is still on its way to a real “diplomatic” 5g. Given the industry environment in which the company operates, capital spending by the operator in 2018 is still in decline, with the company paying a huge fine and three months off, with a huge loss for the entire year 2018.
With the advent of the 5g era, a new round of operator capital spending will begin in 2019.
The world’s 5-g-scale commercials were in 2020, and the embargo did not affect the market pattern emerging in the next 5-g era. The year 2018 was the fifth-year-old year, when the leading operators in Korea, the United States, Switzerland, etc. would start 5g commercial services this year, while China’s mobile capital planned to build the world’s largest 5-g experimental network in 2018.
It says that this year 5g is still in a piecemeal, small-scale experimental phase, with the world's leading countries using 5g-scale businesses in 2020. The first full standard for 5g was just released in June, and the size of the 5g mobile phone was marketed in the second half of 2019.
The year 2019 was the starting point for a new round of capital spending by operators, with communications reloading. Since construction such as fttx reached its peak after 2010, capital spending by operators stopped steady in 2011. The 2010-2016 cycle can be divided into two phases, corresponding to construction of 3g and 4g, respectively.
Thus, there is a clear pattern of a large cycle of investment in the communications sector of 8-10 years and a small cycle of 4-5 years. We have counted and projected the capital spending of China’s three major operators in 2018.
This expenditure will continue to decline by about 6.4 per cent in the same year, and a new upward cycle will begin in 2019, with a year-on-year increase in communications, which coincides with the cyclical nature of the operator's capital expenditure, peaking in 2007, corresponding to the construction of 3g, and also reaching a relatively high rate in 2015, right?
In terms of the net profits of communications in the middle, it is also cyclical, with a peak in 2007, corresponding to 3g construction, with a swing of the cycle in about eight years. This lull in the middle of the embargo coincides with the night before the start of a new boom in operator’s capital spending.
After a heavy blow from non-technical factors, we believe that the new management and staff of the communications center will release a powerful dynamic in the new cycle of the operator’s investment. There is a clear upward trend in global communications equipment, with a strong voice in communications technology.
The global telecommunications industry, which is represented by China, Ericsson, Nokia, and the Middle East, has evolved from more than a dozen giants in the 2g era to seven highly competitive firms in the 3g era and to the late 4g era, marked by the successful acquisition of Alcatalang in 2016 by Nokia.
Of these four major telecommunications companies, two Chinese companies, China and China, have evolved from being followers to leading the development of global telecommunications equipment; and Ericsson and Nokia have become increasingly weak. Global equipment has lost both dimensions as a result of competing technical standard speaking rights with emerging market shares.
The shift in market shares to China has been a trend. The income of Nokia, Ericsson, and Allan’s network of operators has all fallen sharply in the 4g era, while China’s revenues from China’s network of Chinese and Chinese operators have been rising year after year, and China became the world’s largest provider of communications equipment in 2013 to defeat Ericsson.
In terms of the total revenue structure, China, China, which covers three markets: operators, consumer terminals, and the political and business sectors; and Nokia and Ericsson, which became corporate drags in the transition from a functional to a smart machine, sold all shares of Sony ' s joint venture company, Sony Ericsson, in 2011.
Kia sold cellular services to Microsoft in 2013, so that the two companies now have almost all of their revenues focused on shipping networks, and the revenue is more clearly affected by the cyclical nature of investments in communications equipment. As of 2016, China’s four major equipment dealers, China, China, Ericsson, and Nokia, had a total income of $13.8 billion.
Of this amount, the operator earns about $100 billion, the Chinese account for about 42% of the operator’s income, the Chinese account for about 9%, and China’s share of the equipment market is rising year by year. The Chinese economy rose significantly in the 5-g era over the 4-g era.
This is due in large part to the intense competition among European equipment dealers, who have less voice in the 4g core technology. According to our report in the cyclical research series on the telecommunications industry -- the main equipment vendor competes and develops in the cycle, the competition for ICT standard voice is the dominant one.
In the 5g era, technological R & D investments were strengthened, and breakthroughs were made in a number of areas such as low-frequency 5g stations, high-availability sdn virtualization solutions, tecs tecs telecommunications-level cloud network, titan fibre optics, etc. In the second phase of our 5g test, all were achieved.
By contrast, Ericsson and Nokia have significantly reduced their R & D investment due to the adverse expansion of emerging markets, and have been lagging behind China in terms of 5g voice rights. Prior to the embargo, the boom was expanding rapidly in overseas markets.
The market also made a breakthrough. In 2017, Belgium signed a 5g strategic partnership agreement with Telenet, acal bfi, a partnership in Germany, a 5g cooperation agreement with the French Telecom Group, a memorandum of strategic cooperation with Turkey, and a bill of 1 billion euros for the acquisition and recording of yellow peas in Italy.
The Telefonica group completed the first phase of the 5g test in Spain, and the European market was transformed from Nokia, Ericsson, and Huo into a confrontation between the Nordic group and the Chinese equipment business group. After the embargo, there was a certain negative impact in the short term on China’s expansion of foreign markets.
In the long run, however, we remain relatively optimistic that China will gain a greater share of the overseas market in its 5-g era. Without taking political considerations into account, the core decision-making factor for operators to choose equipment providers remains business and technology, and t0 has returned to production.
Under the supervision and “endorse” of the United States compliance team set up bybis, new markets with high compliance requirements will be better served. There is reason to believe that the possibility of a further increase in the share of the overseas market in communications during the 5g construction period remains, with optimism that more than 50% of the market share in the current market is expected to be added.
From the point of view of balancing the market patterns of equipment operators in the 5g era, we believe that the market share of communications in the 5g era is expected to rise from the current fourth to the second highest in the world, from the operator's own commercial interests.
The natural result will not be altered by the embargo. A review of changes in the historical market share of telecommunications operators shows that in 2011, when the world’s major developed countries entered 4g, Ericsson also reached a 43% peak in the historical market share, which has been declining since then.
In 2012, the market share in the area of telecommunications equipment rose rapidly, from 8% to 17% in Nokia and from 11% to about 16% in China. We believe that Nokia and China have increased their share rapidly for the construction period of 4g, mainly because of the presence of operators.
More specifically, under certain commercial and technical constraints, we believe that the ultimate-sharers benefit most from the operator balance process. In the 4g period, China was third in the market and fourth in the Nokia market.
With a rebalancing of the market patterns of the global operators, Ericsson’s market share was rapidly shrinking, while that of Wall and Nokia was rising rapidly. During the transition period between 3g and 4g, Ericsson was compared to Nokia in terms of the profitability of the equipment operators.
Higher profitability (Māori and profit margins). So, in the process of rebalancing operators, we believe that equipment providers with less profitability and less market share have greater advantages and have greater potential market share to raise.
In terms of profit levels in China and China, the level of Māori and operating profit rates is now higher by about 10 percentage points. According to the data on wireless market share in 2016, China is ranked first in 29% of cases and fourth in 12% of cases.
In our view, the current boom is highly comparable to the Nokia in the 4g period in terms of the operator's operations, the level of profit from the boom is at the lowest level for the four major equipment dealers, and the acquisition of the market is easier for the equipment traders; at the same time, the market share of the boom is at the tip of the scale, and it is easier to benefit from the operator's rebalancing and its market.
The share is expected to rise to second place in the 5g period. Third, the world’s 5g looks at China, and China’s major markets are the biggest guarantee for the future development of communications in China.
The upgrading of the mobile communications industry has also contributed to the shift in strategic patterns, and China’s voice and dominance in global industrial competition patterns have been increasing. In the 2g era, the two standards of cellular mobile communications were the European-dominated gsm standard and the United States-high-profile cdma standard.
Language rights, in the process, home-grown system manufacturers (the giant Chinese) developed rapidly. In the 3g era, the entire industry was still dominated by Europe and the United States, but China made a breakthrough in standards. The autonomous innovation of td-scdma became one of the three criteria, and mobile phones began to “core” the product by nurturing the entire industry chain.
In the 4g era, the United States replaced Europe’s dominance, while China dominated td-lte as an international mainstream standard, td-lte as a global scale commercial and end-to-end industry international competitiveness increased significantly.
Before the 4g’s, the main markets for global investment in telecommunications equipment were in Europe and America, with relatively small emerging markets. After the break-up of the US Internet bubble, North American equipment traders withdrew from competition, and the North American market became the focus of competition for European equipment suppliers.
The electricity network and the acquisition of Allan by Nokia were primarily aimed at opening up the North American market, and since the United States banned China from entering the United States as an American operator for reasons of national security, Chinese operators expanded overseas, mainly in the emerging markets neglected by equipment dealers in Europe and Africa and in Europe were the largest in China as an equipment dealer in China.
Figure 17: Income from Europe and North America, the main market of Ericsson, is going down year after year (in the single 5g era, the US and China will co-lead the industrial chain, but the equipment side investment will be dominated by China, which, according to the 5g Economy report released by Chase, is expected to lead 5g R & D and capital together with the United States.
US investment will be about 28% of the global 5g input, followed by China, which will be around 24%. This refers to spending on R & D and capital across the 5g value chain, structured as US R & D and capital spending focused on the bottom semiconductor and vertical sectors, and on equipment investment in China.
Technology, demand, and policy are the core drivers of 5g networking, but the focus is on China and the United States. China’s policy drivers are larger, and the United States is more demand- and business-driven.
China’s mobile communications network is the world’s first-largest in terms of its area of proximity, with a total of 6.1 million base stations in China, 20 times more than the 310,000 base stations in the United States (gsma2017). Domestic governments and operators are now very active in the deployment of the 5g network, and China’s 5g investment is expected to draw attention.
As mentioned earlier, the first five-g investment rounds are driven mainly by operators, and we have analysed the capital spending trends of Chinese operators, and we can see the pace of investment in the 5-g industry in the coming years and the 5-g investment reserve and early construction period.
In 2021, it will be the first wave of 5g investment, with total capital spending expected to reach over 900 billion yuan in two years. China’s largest global 5g market, for communications, is expected to accelerate its growth after 2019.
Corporate governance will continue to improve with the smooth transition of corporate management, the completion of the board of directors within one month of the replacement settlement agreement with the United States Government, the management restructuring, the formation of a new board of directors and the election of the Chairman of Lee Self-Countering; and the appointment of a new senior management group.
The team appointed Xu Ziyang as President, Ms Wang Hei-yu, Gu Military Camp, and Ms Li Xing as Vice-President of the Executive, and agreed to appoint Ms Li Xing as Director of Finance of the Company. 20 of the 21 new management team members appointed by the Board of Directors were selected from within the company, all of whom were in a communications lead.
Most of the new management has overseas experience, experience, and a well-acknowledged field of excellence. Director Lee has a strong technical background and extensive business management experience, and President Seo Xiaoyang has grown up with sensitivity.
At the same time, the new management of the company will place greater emphasis on compliance as a strategic cornerstone of enterprise development and strengthen it.
A culture of compliance, further strengthening of internal controls, and continuing to improve the corporate compliance system by embedding compliance in every aspect of daily work. We believe that the trend towards improved corporate governance in the Ying-jin era will be continued and reinforced by the focus of the inner-life improvement support companies.
In recent years, the company’s management has continued to focus on the main business, removing non-principal business, non-m-ict nuclear, less profitable or more sophisticated subsidiaries, and has been cleaning up more than 10 companies since 2015. Future companies will focus more on upstream chips, high-speed optical devices, and core routers.
Core technologies, such as sdn/nfv, are striving to achieve greater industrial integration in the 5g era of physical networking. For sectors that are currently less profitable or even losing, such as consumer business, comprehensive reforms range from corporate strategy to staffing to supply chain re-examination.
Greater focus on profitability and long-term effectiveness; mobile phone products have become more focused on refined products, with the model being reduced from hundreds of dollars to dozens of dollars: mitigation efficiency reforms through recovery of odm, reshaping of supply chains, and reconfiguration of personnel. Good results have been achieved, and losses in the mobile phone sector are expected to decrease significantly this year.
We believe that the current boom and the Nokia of the 4g era are highly comparable to the operator's operations.
At the bottom of the four major equipment providers, the level of profit is more favourable to operators in terms of access to the market; at the same time, the market share is at the tip of the scale and will be the biggest beneficiary of the rebalancing of market patterns.
In the 5g era, when communications became the largest beneficiary of the rebalancing of market patterns, we predicted that in 2021, the peak of construction in 5g, the share of communications markets in the middle was expected to rise to around 20 per cent, and that in 2023, the share of cities continued to rise to 24 per cent, surpassing Nokia and Ericsson as the second largest global communications.
China’s share of the global market for telecommunications equipment is about 12%, China’s share is about 30%, and overseas markets are about 6%. China’s share in the global market is about 29%, and the domestic share is about 40%. Given the impact of the embargo, we are relatively cautious about the expansion of China’s markets abroad.
In a neutral situation, the share of the domestic market expanded to 38%, the share of the overseas market remained unchanged at 6%, and the share of the global market remained unchanged at 16%. Conservatively, China’s share of the Chinese market is estimated to be in China.
The volume remains at 30 per cent, overseas markets have shrunk to 3 per cent as a result of the embargo, and 12 per cent of the global market maintained capital expenditure or more than $490 billion for top investment operators in the first round of 5g in 2021. In terms of the income of the three major operators, the total revenue growth of the operators during the 3g and 4g periods has remained generally stable.
The operator’s capital spending intensity is marked by a significant cyclicality, with the start-up period for construction of 3g and 4g generally accounting for a 3% or more of the yield, which can be raised by more than 10 percentage points at the peak of the cycle. The 4g-year share is lower than the 3g-year total, which we believe is mainly due to the fact that the demographic dividend of the 3g period has not been exhausted and the operator has not exhausted.
The two-digit high growth of the harvest can still be maintained, thereby significantly reducing capital opening through the collection of the master plate, which corresponds to the three major operators’ gross capital expenditure as a share of the total revenue during the construction peak of 3g and 4g, which is about 33% at the peak of the construction period.
In judgement, we expect the three major operators to have a total revenue of $16,58 billion in 2021, while we believe that, with optimism, the pace of investment projected for 5g and the willingness of the operator to invest are similar to that of 4g, so that in the 5g peak period, the share of the operator’s capital expenditure in the receipts can be considered as peak 4g.
On the basis of data from previous years on the share of capital spending by the three major operators as a percentage of revenue, and on China’s share of mobile capital expenditure as a share of revenue, we believe that the willingness of operators to invest in 5g would be slightly less than 4g at the approximate rate.
This is reflected in the projected 5g peak in capital spending strength, which is three percentage points lower than the 4g peak. So we predict that, at around that rate, capital spending by the 5g build-up peak is 31% of revenue, and is expected to be 49.7 billion yuan in capital spending by the operator in 2021.
Conservatively, capital expenditure is expected to be relatively flat if operators are less willing to invest in 5g and if the overall investment period of 5g is expected to be longer than expected.
Twenty-five per cent, with estimated operator capital expenditure of $41.45 billion in 2021.Chart 27: Operator capital expenditure forecast for 2021.
Based on the above analysis, the share of global markets for communications will reach 20% in mid-2021 (43% of countries and 9% abroad), domestic revenues are projected at 84.3 billion, overseas revenues at about 30 billion, and operators are expected to earn more than 110 billion.
Revenue is 74.5 billion, overseas income is 20 billion, and the operating income of the operator is 94.5 billion. Conservatively, the revenue of the operator is projected to be 74.7 billion in 2021.
By reviewing the stock price performance of both domestic and foreign operators during the period 2g to 4g, we found that at each peak in the investment of telecommunications equipment, the main equipment provider will experience a high rate of market value growth. Market value is driven by net profit and pe.
On the other hand, we find that each time a peak in investment in telecommunications equipment comes, major equipment firm Pe will grow by 50-100%. The Euro-American market will rise several times as fast as an Internet bubble at the end of the 2g investment; European-American investors will be more cautious about telecommunications-type stocks when the Internet bubble breaks down, and Europe-American 3g.
The market has gradually recovered (after 2010), and the main equipment vendor has re-emerged. Ericsson’s construction peak of 3g in Europe and America has reached a stage high in 2005, with 4g construction periods of 2010 and 2013 having seen two peaks, with both increases of more than 100% in the 4g period.
In contrast to the growth rate, because of the impact of the bursting of the Internet bubble, despite the high growth of the harvest during Ericsson's 3g period, the change is smaller; in the 4g period, as investment in telecommunications has recovered, the growth of Eric Sinpe pre-emerged the growth rate of the harvest, and in the Pre5g period, in the context of the continued slowdown in the harvest, love,
The market value of Nokia is similar to that of Ericsson as a whole, and each time there is a peak in investment in telecommunications equipment, the primers are expected to grow significantly, and Nokia is going to rise in comparison with Ericsson during the construction of the 3g.
Nokia reached a high at the same time as the growth rate of the harvest during the Internet bubble, 4g and Pre5g, and started earlier than the growth rate of the harvest.
Figure 30: History of Ericsson and Growth Rates and Growth Rates by Year, Figure 32: History of Nokia and Growth Rates by Year, Figure 31: Market Values and Prices of History of Nokia
The flagship companies continue to enjoy valuation premiums: Nokia and Ericsson, as leaders in the telecommunications industry, have a higher market share and a higher-than-average profitability during the 2g and 3g periods. Because of the cyclical nature of the telecommunications industry, they also have a higher performance elasticity and a clear valuation premium.
In 2000-2016, after excluding the year in which the unusual values were invalid, the valuation premium for the industry in Nokia was 25.27 per cent, and for the industry in Ericsson was 16.40 per cent. (Note: We selected eight listed companies (including csco, simo, etc.) based on the classification of communications equipment in Bloomberg.)
The industry has a higher valuation premium for good-time leading companies: during the 3/4g era, the market size of the telecommunication master equipment firm was higher.
In the 3g era, Nokia and Ericsson continued their high rate of growth in the 2g era, with a similar high value rating. In the 4g era, however, the premiums decreased (excavating the odd years).
Our investment in telecommunications equipment in general is later than in Europe and the United States, and is much more cyclical. As a major equipment dealer, China’s central company, each peak in the investment in telecommunications equipment will rise to a higher level than Nokia and Ericsson.
Valuation of China’s communications: based on the above-mentioned valuation premium for Nokia and Ericsson, we believe that the leaders enjoyed the valuation premium during the period of good industry and increased market occupancy. (Nokia 25.27%, Ericsson 16.40%.) We believe that China’s communications, based on the current market value situation, are expected to cover the middle of the 5g period as we estimate.
In terms of historical data, there is still room to improve communications. (Note: Industry averages use intra-industry fire communications, starnet sharpness, sea-capable averages.) VII. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Impact assessment of the embargo: The $1.4 billion paid by the Middle East settlement with the United States was a one-time loss, of which a fine of $1 billion was off-the-shelf expenditure and a guarantee of $400 million was recorded in other receivables (but could not be recovered in the short term), resulting in a total cash flow expenditure of approximately $8.96 billion.
In the short term, the company's cash-mobilization channels are diverse and the cash flow required for its operations is limited: 1) a combined amount of $68 billion has been applied to the bank; 2) in 17 years, the company competed for land concessions at Shenzhen Bay, currently valued at approximately $14 billion, which can be fast-tracked in the future through sale and exploitation rights and partial use rights
3) Due to strategic planning focused on 5g, companies have been displacing non-core business assets in recent years. In their investment proposals: communications in China depend on China ' s major markets, corporate governance continues to improve. After 2019, companies are looking forward to a rapid period of growth, while, as equipment dealers, they are expected to enjoy a valuation during the 5g peak investment period.
(a) The company's overseas market was not expanding as expected, and the share of domestic operators in the collection of bids was not as much as expected;
After the average calculation, the final rating is obtained as an average market investment The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry in which it is located.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.