\triangleright \
This is due to the increased recognition of corporate products by overseas clients, and the doubling of international lithium cell operations. At the same time, the company has become the main producer of lithium batteries in the market for products such as bicycles, gps locator tracking systems, e-calll, etc., and will grow at an average annual rate of 30% as the country’s property networking industry continues to grow rapidly, and we believe that the company’s lithium cell business will continue to develop well in the future.
The main driver of the significant increase in revenue is the increased demand from downstream customers for the company’s lithium battery product, and the company’s continuous expansion of its new customer supply chain. In terms of the capacity-building of the East’s financial and intellectual boom, it currently combines 3.5gwhh cylinders with a 2.5gwh square phosphate lithium battery in Huezhou and Qing Gate.
Yes, total 6gwh, the next stage will be raised to 9gwh. The company is leading the production of 21,700 batteries in the country. (2) The other drivers of growth are growth in consumer electronics such as electromagnetizers and wearing equipment, while the company has achieved zero breakthroughs in its storage capacity and will in the future have a pull effect on lithium ion cell operations. We believe that there is great potential for the company to develop its lithium ion cell operations.
During the first half of the year, the electronic fog operation collected $499 million, an increase of 73.26 per cent, and the Māori rate of 26.21 per cent, which is almost the same. The major drivers of the large increase in revenue \triangleright were the new sales of McVeigh's subsidiary and an increase in the odm business order.
Control over McVell, future and calculation of profits based on equity ratios. We have good prospects for corporate development as a whole, especially in the area of powered lithium batteries, where the company is currently one of the leading companies in the second line of the country, with strong combined advantages in terms of output, expansion, customer layout, product quality control, new technology applications, etc.
The company’s lithium cell business is expected to continue to grow in the future as China’s Internet market grows. We expect the company’s new energy vehicles to grow less than expected, the Internet market to grow less rapidly, and the customers to open up less.
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.