Follow the high-end battery route and wait for the Trinity Discharge event: company announcements, amendments to the January-June 2017 net return profit, originally estimated performance
It is the complete battery structure of the consumer cell + power cell + storage cell. The share of the consumer cell and the power cell is about 3:7. In the power cell, the company ' s battery covers the square phosphate lithium battery, the triple cylinder battery and the triple soft-pack cell, corresponding to the target market for passenger vehicles, special vehicles, and passenger vehicles.
The company's intention is to build high-end batteries, from equipment to materials to technology. On equipment, the company's tri-dollar soft-pack line is built by a Korean-sk team to ensure accuracy and automation of the equipment; the 1865 line is fully imported into the country and maximum power is guaranteed.
Material: Positive materials are basically from TCI and stockholdings in the fir and electrolysis fluids are also a front-line manufacturer, and diaphragms are still mainly imported at the high end. ..The sales of new energy vehicles have been growing steadily since June, and are expected to be released in three quarters. New energy in June 2017.
Source car sales amounted to 4.14 million, 9 per cent more than in May, a 22 per cent more than in May. 17 years of new energy use kept the monthly ring ratio going upward, and in May the ring increased by 0.9 million, and in June the ring grew by 0.3 million. After 17 years of subsidy policy and market demand returned to normal, the new energy product was phased out.
The cumulative sales of new energy vehicles increased by 31% in January-June, and sales are expected to increase faster in the third quarter. For battery manufacturers, three quarters will be at their peak, with year-round performance rising high.
With the combined growth rate, the industry averaged about 30 times, the company ' s net profits grew faster than the industry average, and it started with lithium primary batteries, China ' s largest and fifth largest producer of lithium ion batteries in the world, starting in December with a large-scale entry into the lithium ion battery sector, with two major production bases, Hubeijimon and Guangdong Huaizhou.
Since it was listed, there has been a significant increase in corporate revenue and net profits, with a compound growth rate of 40.2 per cent between 12 and 16 years. In June of that year, the company completed the construction of a 2.5gwhg square phosphate lithium battery in the Lake North Golden Spring, a 1gwh 18650 tri-dollar battery in Huezhou, and a 2.5gwh three-dollar battery (1865+21,700) in Lake North Gate, with the planned production of 1 gwh soft bag in Hue County in the fourth quarter.
With the gradual release of the powered lithium ion battery capacity, Lithium billion will continue to grow at a high rate in the next three years. Assuming that 1: the company-powered lithium ion battery capacity expands well as planned, new energy cars will be sold in 2020.
Assuming that 2: the company successfully completed the 8.98% equity transfer in McWear in June, with the remaining 38.5% of the equity, no longer holding the stock, this year and half of the year, the second half of the year and the years of 18-19 were no longer listed and turned into investment returns.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.