The performance has increased significantly in line with expectations. Lithium battery multi-tech layouts, product building parallel to client outreach.
In the first half of 2017, the company increased its performance, mainly in lithium, batteries and aerosols, while at the same time, the company sold part of McVell’s equity to 70,99 million investment returns. In the second quarter, the company achieved $774 million, an increase of 77,65 per cent.
Lithium batteries and electromagnetizers are growing at the same rate, lithium primary batteries are growing at a steady rate and maintain a high Māori rate at 39.18 per cent, benefiting from the sharing of needs in the areas of bicycles, smart traffic, etc. The Division has been gradually releasing lithium capacity since the second half of the year, and so far the company has developed lithium capacity.
6gwh production capacity, estimated to be about 0.4-0.5 gwh in the first half of the year, based on average market core prices. Electronic aerosol operations benefit from high growth in McVell's own brand and odm operations.
Lithium Million Latitude Energy: Power Battery Releases, Supporting Performance Growth 2017-03-01 Lithium Million Latitude Energy: Signing the Nanjing Golden Dragon
The scale effect is beginning to show that the cost rate has declined, maintaining a high profit level. In 2017, a $1 billion order was made, powered by lithium, a further 29.5 per cent of the company ' s Māori rate for the second half of the year, a decrease of 1.3 per cent, mainly due to the lithium battery industry, which has a slightly lower Māori rate.
As a result of the significant increase in profits from the sale of McVell equity, the net interest rate rose by $1 billion in the first half of the year, by 44.81 per cent in the same year, and the cost of sales was 4.1 per cent, a decrease of 0.54 per cent. Management costs increased in capacity-building and corporate borrowing increased, with the same financial cost of $21 million in the first half of the year.
This represents an increase of 616.89 per cent, but a smaller overall financial cost. Net cash flows from corporate operations decreased in the first half of 2017, amounting to -74.69 million.
In terms of cash flows, the net cash flow from corporate operations is -74.69 million yuan: as a result of the company’s increased capacity-building and investment activities, the net cash flow from investment activities was -18.5 billion dollars: financing activities were net and multi-technologyd, production capacity was gradually released, and lithium batteries were entering a high-growth phase.
A 2.5 gwhh lithium phosphate battery has been formed, 3.5 gwh triple battery has been produced, and another 1 gwh soft stack battery has been put into production in August, positioning the passenger vehicle market, and planning for a 2gwh capacity will be completed by the end of the year, bringing the company ' s lithium capacity to 9 gwh by the end of the year.
Access to supply chains such as Nanjing Golden Dragon, Shaanxi Tong, Hebei Chang-An, Wah-tae, Dong Feng, Yae-joon, and Yong-tae is expected to benefit from the outbreak of demand for passenger and logistics vehicles. Investment proposal: basically sustain the original profit forecast, forecast the company’s net profits for 2017-2019.
Since the company is a high-quality target for three-dollar lithium batteries, it has been approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC) in 2018 by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd.