The power of the accelerated growth power cell was strong, and the company achieved business income of 1,344 million yuan in the first half of 2017, an increase of 63,65 per cent in the same year; and belonging.
The growth rate of net profits from the company ' s semi-annual reporting and repatriation was more marked than in the quarterly report, with lithium ion, battery collection increasing further from 132 per cent in the quarter to 155.63 per cent, and the Māori rate increasing by 2.36 pct, mainly as a result of increased demand for consumer batteries, power cell energy release and automation.
Production levels increase. Lithium primary batteries benefit from the combined role of shared bicycles and overseas markets to generate 18.60 per cent of revenues. Electronic aerosol operations increased by 73.26 per cent and continued to grow rapidly, but since the company lost control of McVell on 29 June, the business was not included.
The company’s main business, but rather its share share in the company’s return on investment, will reduce its contribution. The company’s overall Māori ratio has fallen by 1.27 pct, and the cost/cost ratio for the period will benefit from management costs The impact of the sale of a portion of McVell’s share in the return on investment will be on the investment of more than 70 million people in the period.
The net profit of the company after deduction to its parent was $166 million, an increase of 95.92 per cent. According to the company ' s initial accounting, the total investment return on the transfer was $114.96 million, representing 45.6 per cent of the company ' s net profit last year. □ power cell capacity, model supply, customer outreach.
The production of the company ' s 2.5gwhh lithium phosphate battery line at the end of 16th year and the company ' s 18650/217000 energy release in June of this year brought the current total power cell capacity to 6gwh, significantly increasing the supply volume, with a 3-dollar soft stacking cell at 1gwh in the second half of the year and a 2gwh ' s trinity.
With the prospect of production of the phosphate lithium square battery, the company’s capacity will reach 9gwh, which will undoubtedly contribute significantly to this year’s growth in company performance. On the technical side, the 18650/21,700 line is Tesla’s first production line for domestic production following the 21,700 battery, which is currently from the country.
The highest-motivated lithium ion battery production line. In the car type, the 21,700 production line, Wu Haihama, and the three-quarterly expected trip-by-move package, have achieved a breakthrough in the company's use of vehicles.
For the car factory, the number of accompanies in the first six new energy vehicle recommended catalogues released this year is at the top, and has been successfully integrated into the supply chain system of the bus's Dragonbus. With three s001051290001
The company continues to have the advantage of lithium primary batteries, building on its original applications, and has made great efforts to increase the growth of Xu Chengqin.
The company's acquisition of Fou Ant was completed in the first half of the year, and is planned to form the Foo Ant satisfaction system.
In the first half of the year, the company received a large number of orders, which doubled over the same period the previous year. No rating – because the necessary information was not available, or because the company faced significant uncertainties about the results that could not be foreseen, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.