It was reported that the performance of the three-dollar lithium electric power was exceeding expectations, and that the undersigned: Zhang Luang grew by 161.37 per cent in the same year; the net profit from the deduction was $166 million, an increase of 95.92 per cent in the same year.
Lithium ion cell operations are the fastest growing plates of company performance, with 397 million revenues in the first half of the year, and 155.63% in the same year. The overall technical direction of the company ' s powered lithium power technology includes titanium phosphate,
The three-dimensional cylinders, three-dollar packages, square aluminium shells, etc., are mainstream directions that can match different market demands and enhance business resilience to risk. By combining high-quality resources, strong alliances can improve competitiveness. Working with forest and ocean energy strategies to build “smartly distributed storage” systems, building 1gwh storage energy project;
The Blue Microenergy Strategy works together to collaborate on a core and battery management system. The company is committed to developing a high-end lithium business, seeking market breakthroughs. The capacity is about to double, and the country's first 21,700 cylinder battery production line is in operation.
\diamond Chang, leading the industry technology. The company currently has 6gwh power cell capacity, with phosphorus, iron-acid lithium square battery 2.5gwhh, and three-cylinder battery capacity 3.5gwh (including June of this year).
Four new tri-cylinder battery lines with an annual capacity of 2.5 gwh for 1865 and 217000 and the original 1gwh 1865 cylinder capacity will be added to the North Gate of Lake Bottom. In addition, a 3-gwh soft-packing capacity will be added to Huezhou plant in the third quarter, at which time the company will generate 7gwh of lithium power.
The company plans to reach 9gwh power cell capacity by 2017. The company’s powered lithium power power energy density industry is ahead and has achieved the country’s first product of 21,700 cylinders of automatic battery production, leading to innovation in lithium technology in the country.
The company’s performance in the second half of the year is expected to benefit fully from new energy commercial traffic.
The share of commercial cars is relatively high in all types of vehicles. New energy buses are the latest to enter the bus's lead, State Wootong Supply System, with strategic cooperation agreements with Nanjing's Golden Dragonbus at the beginning of the year. Special car owners include the People's Day, East Wind, Land Cruiser, etc., which are used mainly for the supply of Wathai cars, beans, etc.
The former company had over 60 accompanied vehicles in the promotion catalogue, with high quality downstream customers, and the consumer-grade lithium power industry grew steadily in the accelerated layout of the storage cell operation. In the first half of 2017, the company built a 2mwhy smart micro-grid storage system and delivered a number of small and medium-sized storage systems.
A “zero” breakthrough in energy management services has been achieved with an energy management service order. Companies are expanding their consumer lithium ion cell operations, mainly in markets such as electronic fogizers and the wearing industry, increasing the steady growth of the lithium cell operation, which generated $448 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 18.60 per cent in the same period.
The incremental market is mainly in water heating gas meters, gps and shared bicycles, e-call, and smart security markets. The Division provides power system solutions for shared bicycles, lithium sub-cells +spc; power system solutions for gps positioning tracking, autonomous emergency rescue systems e-call; smoke alarms
The need to use long-lived lithium batteries offers growth opportunities for the company’s lithium primary battery business. Moreover, the Department has accelerated its layout in areas such as military industry, and future companies’ lithium primary battery business is expected to continue to grow steadily.
\diamond billions. When the equity transfer is completed, McVell will seek separate listings. McVell's performance is no longer reflected in the company's consolidated statements, is accounted for by the “equity method” and is accounted for on a share-holding basis.
There is wide scope for the development of the tobacco industry, which will provide companies with a significant and continuous net profit from investment. \diamond 42/29/22. Given the progressive release of the company's lithium ion power cell, performance is accelerated and release is granted to the public. \diamond 42/29/22.
\diamond