With the arrival of a new energy vehicle, power cell releases are guaranteed to enter the new market in the form of lithium primary batteries, whose revenue and the Māori rate have increased in both ways during the reporting period. Lithium primary battery revenues are $448 million, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the same period.
Māori is 39.18%. The company's products are well-established and accepted by internationally recognized major clients, and orders have been obtained, and international market operations have doubled over time. In addition, the company provides a power system solution for shared bicycles, leads the direction of market development, gps location tracking, e-call, etc.
The new industry offers new market opportunities for the continued growth of lithium primary battery operations. Total equity/flow (million shares) The capacity of lithium ion batteries to produce is rapidly released and there is much room for growth.
This is a decline, but this is a net incremental market for companies, with a 2.36% increase in the Māori rate for the same year.
Production capacity 6gwh, of which the Trinity Cylinder produced 3.5gwhh, and the Cube Lithium phosphate produced 2.5gwhh. " Lithium Power Batteries New Precious, High Nickel Trinity and Phosphore, the country's first new enterprise to build a 21,700 Cylinder Line, filling the large Cylinder Market.
In addition, the company will continue to expand its capacity during the year, reaching a total capacity of 9 gwh at the end of the year, of which 1.0 gwh's soft-pack 3-dollar battery line will be completed this month.
Altitude Lithium Energy: The Back-up of Power Batteries with a high level of rectangular lithium phosphate, three-dimensional cylinders, soft packagings and squares that can meet both the lead of new energy customers ' end-products - 2017/03/18
Market demand for vehicles, commercial vehicles and passenger vehicles. As of the reporting period, more than 100 new energy vehicles equipped with company power cells and power systems had been selected for the New Energy Vehicle Promotion and Promotion Directory, and had successfully entered the main customer supply chains such as Wootong and Nanking Kinglong to produce for the company.
The phosphate lithium battery system has an energy density of 115wh/kg, and the bus sector meets the 1.2-fold standard of the new State subsidy policy, establishing a competitive edge for the company’s market. The company’s three-dollar power cell uses high nickel ncm 622 ncm and is a industrial dragon.
Head companies, with the country’s demand for a 100-km electricity consumption limit for pure electric cars and subsidized downsides, are becoming increasingly favoured for high nickel three-mile power cells. In the second half of the year, there is a boom in the production of new energy vehicles, and the company’s power cell business is set to grow.
In the reporting period, McVeer received good feedback from his own brand electronic fogizer and orders from large clients to the odm business to continue to grow, generating operating income of 499 million, an increase of 73.26% over the previous year.
With the arrival of a new energy vehicle, the power cell was placed in McVell's independent search for a wider capital operating space, and the company's commitment to transfer the McWear equity was first transferred 56,82 million shares, representing 8.98 per cent of McWear's total equity.
Investment earnings of $114.96 million (unaudited), still holding 38.51 per cent of equity, losing first-held equity, no longer listed for the future, and the “equity method” will be applied to McVell's equity investments, and McVell's net profit will be credited to the company's profit as a proportion of McVeer's shareholding.
Investment proposals: The company ' s power cell product is excellent in performance, it is growing rapidly, it is recognized by a large number of companies in the country, and the power cell will become the company ' s largest business in the future.
New power cars arrive in the season and power batteries are released at 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report