Midmimecro-fabrication (688012ch) performance spreads and profit increases are evident.
The view focus is investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengleshsummary) 22q1 has seen a significant increase in the scale of income from corrosion equipment. 22q1 has achieved $949 million in revenue, which is the same as the rest of the rest of the world.
This represents an increase of 57.31 per cent; of this amount, $714 million, or 105.03 per cent, was earned by semiconductor carving equipment, benefiting from market developments in semiconductor equipment and competitive advantages in corporate products;
The newly signed Miniledmocvd equipment size order has not yet been recognized at 22q1 for revenue, with adequate hand orders, strong long-term development dynamics and continued increase in profitability. According to the annual report of the Department, the value of the new bill was $4.13 billion by the end of 2021, a year-on-year increase.
90.5 per cent; we believe that the company's continued growth in hand orders guarantees a sustained increase in future levels of 4.55 pct; net profit of 186 million yuan from non-repatriation, an increase of 1578.18 per cent over the same period; and the company's continued increase in profitability.
The corrosion equipment, mocvd equipment and new product layouts are rapidly developing, and the product lines are constantly being enriched. According to the company ' s 2021 report: 1,ccp etching equipment products remain competitively superior, and products such as Primoad-rie, Primosscad-rie, Primohd-rie, etc.
The bulk should be used for the manufacture of production lines for integrated circuit processing by front-line customers at home and abroad; the icp etching equipment is gradually maturing, and the product of Primonanova has been certified for more than 100 icp etching processes on the production lines of more than 15 customers.
By the end of 2021, the production of mocvd equipment, Primounimax, had received bulk orders from a number of leading domestic clients totalling more than 100 cavities; the company was developing mocvd equipment for the production of gan power units, which had been initiated for the extension of sic power devices.
Production equipment development, constantly enriching the product lines. 3. Tungsten filling cvd equipment acquisition stage, docking with clients and further development of cvd and ald equipment based on tungsten cvd equipment. 4; currently pi equipment has entered prototype design, manufacture and debugging
The conductor cycle is at its peak, the epidemic affects the expansion of the crystal circle plant, combining comparable corporate valuation levels, giving companies a valuation of 2022e(pe)65x (formerly 170x2021pe), corresponding to a reasonable barrier of less than expected; a continuous deterioration of the epidemic; and a recovery of overseas demand.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.