Medium and Micro Corporation (688012): Erosion as a base, platform-based development of integrated semiconductor equipment, demand-driven capital expenditure escalation, equipment nationalization imperative
The global semiconductor market, with strong growth momentum in 2021, is expected to continue in 2022. The current semiconductor industry climate continues upwards, chip supply shortages persist, and chip manufacturers are driven to build capital spending plans to boost capacity.
Insight expects that capital spending in the semiconductor sector will continue to increase by 24 per cent in 2022, further boosting equipment demand, and Semi expects that the total global market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment will expand to $107 billion in 2022, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period.
Frost&solivan, whose market size is 20 per cent in 2015-2019, and whose market is expected to break by trillion in 2022, but our self-sufficiency rate is only 15.9 per cent in 2020, not only affecting the development of our semiconductor industry, but also to me.
The security of the national information industry poses a major risk, and the US sanctions and crowding incidents have further heightened the sense of crisis among domestic manufacturers, the importance of self-control has been highlighted, the certification of national production of new platforms is expected to advance positively, and the nationalization of equipment is imperative.
Advanced process etching process value ratio increases, opening up long-term space, and as advanced process progresses, the linear width of critical dimensions shrinks, and the microprocessor structure of the device below 14 nm is mostly achieved through multiple template processes, bringing etching rings
Increased number of knots, about 40 etching steps in 28nm logical devices, to over 160 etching steps in 5nm; development of chip 3d structure, increased stacking structure etching difficulties, resulting in increased corrosion value, 3d structure etching value
50% is much higher than the surface structure: MSMEs follow the advanced process, and the increase in the price of corrosion equipment is expected to open up long-term growth space.
ccp technology leading, icp promising, advantage pushing imports up, orders up, profits up — 2022-substitution process
In the area of ccp etching equipment, the company's technology is at a national and international lead, with duplicate orders on the circuits 5nm and below, and in some key customer markets, the field occupancy rate has reached the top three or even the top two; and on the 3dnand chip 64 and
There has been a steady increase in duplicate orders in 128 floors of production line. The development and development of Damascus process is expected to further deepen the company's ccp etching equipment technology for mooring the city's river and upgrade the production line for icp etching equipment. By the end of 2021, Primonanova had been successful.
The number of applications that deliver more than 180 response cavities and complete certification on the client is increasing.
In 2021, the company produced a total of 134 cavities for the delivery of icp etching equipment, with a 235% increase in production compared to the previous year, with strong momentum. Future icp equipment is expected to continue to drive production line testing.
With an increase in the market for icp etching equipment due to the difficulty of increasing the Feol chain in the advanced process, future icp etching equipment may be expected to be the main growth point in performance. Companies have a stronger service edge and a higher value for money advantage, with double-reaction stations saving ground.
At the same time, the area has a cost advantage and is expected to benefit from the expansion of downstream domestic firms, and the accelerated industrialization of miniled is expected to significantly increase the demand for mocvd. Since 2020, the miniled application has started to increase slightly, with size in 2021.
The cost of efficiency and improvement has been reduced, and the industrialization of mini-red continues to be promoted upstream and downstream, and mini-red enters the fast-track for business development. Mini-led market opportunities have been captured, with efficiency and technological advantages, and mocvd in 2021.
The rate has risen significantly to 33.8 per cent, and in the future, with the rapid development of the Miniled market, the build-up of miniature mocvd equipment has improved and the volume of equipment orders is expected to increase.
Platform configuration, building a comprehensive semiconductor equipment core, while developing the business, the development of the platform layout is sustained and advanced. On the one hand, it enters chemical depositions based on its technical interoperability.
In the area of thin film equipment and extended production equipment, autonomous research and development of epi outer extension equipment and lpcvd equipment, participation in technology in the field of pecvd equipment, photovoltaic cells and tablet displays of the ideal 10,000 lire in the field of pecvd, and plating and membrane
In the field of modified equipment, solayers form operational synergies; on the other hand, China has continued to build integrated semiconductor equipment taps through extended development participation units in Shanghai that speed up the layout of semiconductor detection equipment.
55, 43, 35 times. Given the company’s leading position in the field of semiconductor equipment etching, and the progressive deployment of the company’s mocvd equipment in the field of miniled, the superb company’s commitment to building platform-type companies will gradually grow to global ownership.
Impacted semiconductor equipment companies maintain “recommended” ratings. The semiconductor equipment industry invests heavily in R & D and does not meet customer demand risks when R & D fails or products are marketed; the global semiconductor industry shifts to mainland China
Process mitigation; under-achievement of fund-raising projects; continuing upward trends in China-United States trade friction and semiconductor industries, continued demand for national production of equipment 1.1, semiconductors and higher capital expenditure in crystal-crystal plants to increase capacity
The global semiconductor market, which grew strongly in 2021, is expected to continue in 2022. Benefiting from strong downstream demand, semiconductor storage, simulation, and logical chip markets have grown significantly, and the global semiconductor market will continue to grow by 8.8%, from $601 billion, driven by the rapid growth of the global semiconductor and logical chip, projected by Wsts at the end of November 2021.
In 2021, the Asia-Pacific region registered the strongest growth rate in all regions, with an expected growth rate of 26.7 per cent; the European region is expected to see an increase in the semiconductor industry, with a continued upward climate and a persistent shortage of chip supplies, which is further evidenced by indicators such as chip turnover, capacity utilization, crystal circle production ring acceleration, crystal round plant revenues, and Maori rates.
Further extension of chip delivery: according to the research institute susquehannafinanciangroup, the chip rollover reached 26.6 weeks in March 2022, the longest period since the agency tracked in 2017, thewaitforchips reflecting a shortage of chip supply
According to the January 2022 report of the United States Department of Commerce Chip Industry Survey, the current chip shortage caused by crystal circle capacity will persist and the chip shortage problem is expected to continue for at least six months.
At the same time, most semiconductor production facilities have more than 90 per cent capacity utilization, and the report concludes that guaranteed chip supply still requires continuous innovation in the quarterly round-up of mill value, with a constant increase in income: according to Trendforce, the 10 largest crystal-round production values for the first quarter of 2021 together amounted to $29.55 billion, an 8.3 per cent increase in ring-to-end 10 consecutive years.
Quarterly innovation is high, but growth has continued despite a slight contraction in the third quarter. The world’s top 10 crystal-crystal-generation plants increased their revenues by 8.3 per cent in 2021 q4 global crystal-cryswing plants by 8.3 per cent compared to 2021 q3 in 2022, with a rise in electricity generation in February 2022, amounting to $146.93 billion in new currency and a cumulative increase of approximately $319.1 billion in the first two months of 2022, an increase of 36.8 per cent in the same year.
The coil ratio rises in the mills. Union (umc) benefits from a sustained increase in the prices of crystal round workers, which reached 39.1% in the fourth quarter of 2021, the company expects to increase the average price of its dollar sales by 5% in the first quarter of 2022, and chip demand-driven chip millers to build capital spending plans to boost the expansion of production capacity.
Major international chip manufacturers, major crystal-crystal manufacturers, combined power, and mainstream domestic manufacturers, China Rainbow Semiconductor, Yang River Storage, and Light, are expected to increase their capital spending. In 2021, power generation was actively expanded, and the production of 5 nano-scale plants in Arizona, United States, confirmed Japan and Gao Yu.
Japan and Takahashi's expansion plan projected total capital expenditure of $7 billion, construction started in 2022, production up to the end of 2024, with a monthly capacity of 45,000 12 inches of crystal. The previous forecast for power generation was $30 billion in 2021, which would be even higher. Samsung was also investing heavily in surrogates, which were expected to spend about $30 billion in semiconductor capital in 2021.
RMB, and announced plans to invest 2.4 trillion won (US$ 21 billion) over the next three years to expand its operations. In 2021, the central core international capital expenditure was about US$ 4.5 billion, and in the fourth quarter of 2021, the monthly production capacity rose from about 59.40 million 8-inch crystals in the third quarter to about 621,000 8-inch crystals with a capacity utilization rate of 99.4%.
International capital spending in 2022 is expected to be $5 billion, continuing the expansion of existing plants and three new plant projects, with capacity expanding by more than 100,000 units in the last year, about 8 inches when the crystal circle produces capacity or is expected to rise to more than 720,000. Semi expects capital spending in the semiconductor sector to continue to increase.
There are 25 8-inch crystal mills in operation. Of these 25 crystal mills and extension plants, 5 are in the Americas, 1 in Europe and the Middle East, and 19 in Asia (14 in mainland China, 3 in Japan and 2 in Taiwan), and 8 inch of total output is expected to grow by 21 per cent between 2020 and 2024, with mainland China receiving a 21 per cent share of 8 inch capacity in 2022.
In addition, there will be 60 12-inch crystal mills/extension: 6 in the Americas, 10 in Europe/Middle East, 44 in Asia (15 in mainland China, 5 in Japan, 8 in Korea, 1 in Singapore and 15 in Taiwan), and capital spending on the 12-inch semiconductor sector is expected to continue to increase by 24%.
After a 36 per cent increase in capital spending in the semiconductor sector in 2021, capital expenditure in the semiconductor sector is expected to continue to grow by 24 per cent, reaching an all-time high of $19.4 billion. According to icinsight, capital expenditure in 2022 for 13 mainstream chip plants is expected to be nearly 2.5 times higher in 2020 in the face of sustained growth.
Expenditure has surged, with factories accounting for the largest share of semiconductor capital spending in the rest of the year. As demand for advanced processic has continued to rise, sub-plant capital spending has risen, and as the largest sub-plant in the world, power generation is expected to account for 57% of the $53 billion replacement expenditure this year.
Capital expenditure has increased the demand for booster equipment, and the market for semiconductor equipment has continued to expand. Since October 2019, manufacturers of U.S. semiconductor equipment in North America have been increasing at the same rate as before, with equipment output increasing by 44.3 per cent in 2021, and North American semiconductor equipment in 2019-2021, with 33 per cent cagr, and equipment demand consistently rising.
The total global market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment is projected to expand to $107 billion in 2022, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period.
1.2. Semiconductor manufacturing self-controllable, global semiconductor equipment delivery extended by the import of equipment to replace it, and domestic equipment manufacturers opened up the opportunity to replace it. Current semiconductor manufacturing equipment delivery extended, global chip shortages and shortage of manufacturing equipment spread, and the supply chain of semiconductor equipment is tight.
Lead semiconductor equipment manufacturers may give priority to leading international chip companies, and domestic semiconductor equipment manufacturers are expected to pick up development dividends in a context of autonomous control and supply chain tensions. With technological, high service and value-added advantages, domestic semiconductor equipment manufacturers are expected to accelerate the process of national production substitution in the beneficiary industries.
The domestic semiconductor market is growing fast, driving the process of substitution. Industrial migration is taking place, and the semiconductor industry on the mainland is moving fast. The semiconductor industry is characterized by high-tech barriers, which usually sustains the industry’s “stronger” market competition.
Strike, catchers will have a better chance to rise, catch up, or even outrun. Several semiconductor industrial chains have moved in the history of the retrace, each of which can trigger a number of semiconductor production and related equipment enterprises. The global semiconductor industry is currently in the process of third industrial transfer, with Asia and the Pacific, particularly on our mainland, expanding its semiconductor market faster than the global market.
In other markets, the accelerated expansion of domestic chip manufacturers offers more opportunities for national producers of semiconductor equipment. The semiconductor system will inevitably lead to the domesticization of equipment, a clear trend towards the import of domestically produced equipment, a large substitute space for technology-led equipment enterprises that are expected to benefit significantly.
Our continental semiconductor markets are growing at the fastest global rate, projected to exceed the trillions in 2022. According to frost&sullivan, the size of our integrated circuits market grew from 36,988 million yuan in 2015 to 756,223 million yuan in 2019, with an average of 20 per cent annually cagr, which is expected to grow at a 13 per cent compound rate, maintaining growth as a global integrated circuit market.
The domestic level of self-sufficiency is still low, and the importance of self-control is highlighted. According to icinsight, although my country has been the largest consumer of ic since 2005, in 2020 we produced only $143.4 billion in ic. Of our 22.7 billion worth of 10 dollars in 2020, only $8.3 billion came from companies based in our country, representing only a fraction.
5.9%, while the rest are produced by power stations, sk Hercules, Samsung, Intel, Utility and other foreign companies with plants in our country, 10 production self-sufficiency rates are generally low. Of the $8.3 billion produced by our companies, about $2.3 billion comes from idm and $6 billion comes from purely surrogate plants like Middle Crick International. Our continent is the largest semi-guided nation in the world.
The heavy dependence on imports in areas of physical equipment demand not only affects the development of our semiconductor industry, but also poses a major risk to the security of our information industry. United States sanctions and crowding incidents have further stimulated domestic manufacturers ' crisis awareness, the importance of self-controllability has been highlighted, and the certification of national production of new platforms is expected to advance positively.
The correlation between capital spending and semiconductor markets High capital spending does not necessarily lead to a decline in semiconductor markets in the following years. In the history of semiconductor industries, high growth rates in capital spending may lead to overcapacity in the following years, triggering greater supply than demand.
Prices have fallen. The developments in semiconductor markets and capital spending since 1984 have shown that semiconductor markets tend to show a relatively large decline when excess capacity coincides with falling demand for semiconductors in end markets, which tend to maintain a slightly lower rate of growth or a small decline in end demand.
Recapitulation of developments in semiconductor markets since 1984, with capital expenditure increasing by 106 per cent in 1984, the first decline in the new personal computer market in 1985 and 17 per cent in 1985; capital expenditure increasing by 57 per cent in 1988 and no apparent drop in end-market demand in 1989 in the semiconductor market;
The same-year growth was maintained by a small 8 per cent: capital expenditure increased by 75 per cent in 1995 and semiconductor markets fell by 9 per cent in 1996: capital expenditure increased by 82 per cent in 2000 and semiconductor markets by 32 per cent in 2001, corresponding to the collapse of the Internet bubble in 2001, leading to the collapse of demand for Internet infrastructure and other equipment.
The same-year increase of 63% and the 2005 semi-conductor market, which remained modestly increased by 7% in the absence of a significant decline in demand; The economic crisis will affect the 2008 crisis. Capital spending increased by 29% in 2017, and the semiconductor market dropped by 12% in 2019 after the first drop in the smartphone market in 2017.
Downstream demand is driven by car electricization and intelligence. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) rebounded in January 2022, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) predicted that as economies recovered from more normal activities, the year 2023 was global.
Long-term trends. The automobile market was hit by a shortage of spare parts in 2021.statista estimates that light gas in 2021 is closer to normal trends. The next decade will be an era of car electricization and intelligence. Electrodynamic and intelligent cars require significant sensors, while smart spaces, car communications, road coordination, electro-technical alternatives, etc., will be significantly pulled.
According to the Agency ' s projected growth in capital expenditure in 2021 by 36 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared to historical years when growth was not at a high rate, the semiconductor market will perform better in 2022 in years when capital expenditure is rising at a higher rate (the average forecast by the Agency is close to 10 per cent). On the basis of historical trends, it is assumed that the supply and demand of chips will be reduced in 2022, correspondingly.
The relative increase in capital spending in 2023 is not expected to increase significantly, and we believe that, in the absence of a significant decline in demand in 2023, the semiconductor market is expected to fall or remain largely flat in 2023, and the semiconductor market is expected to increase relatively slightly in 2023, given the marked pull of demand.
In addition to being influenced by the global semiconductor industry, the semiconductor industry is semiconductor, except for the global semiconductor industry.
Transfer of semiconductor manufacturing under industrial transfer (domestic Idm manufacturers and crystallized plants with capital spending increasing at a higher rate than the international average), the need for autonomous control, and the development dividend of substitution of national production in case of shortages of equipment, which accelerates the performance of domestic firms. Moreover, with the diversification of the product layout of domestic semiconductor enterprises, their performance has been reduced.
The impact of the overall cyclicality of the industry is expected to be weaker and more flexible in performance.2 Process upgrades drive equipment over time, equipment investments remain at 2.1, processes continue to move towards smaller width/3d, leading to performance enhancement
Chips are hardware circuits built up by semiconductors. Hundreds of millions or more of transistors can be integrated in a very small area. Chips are typically designed to refer to the minimum width of the grid, which determines the loss of the current when it passes. As semiconductor technology advances, chip manufacturers pursue smaller grids and more advanced cores.
According to Moore's law, the number of transistors that can be accommodated on integrated circuits increases by about one-fold every 18 months. The existence of Moor's theory means that the same energy chip product drops by 50% every 18 months, or, according to others, the same price of integrated circuit product increases by 100% every 18 months.
By increasing the density of the transistor, on the other hand, there will be a significant increase in performance, which can lead to lower power consumption. And, in fact, as the grid size narrows, the process process approach its physical limits, and the cost of the chip alone is no longer significant.
The size is shrinking and gradually dropping, causing power leaks, leading to the failure of the chip. It appears that 22 nm is now almost close to raising the efficiency limit by reducing the true length of the ditch. The chip manufacturer is seeking to study the further performance enhancement of the chip, whether it is made or encumbered, whether it is logical chip or stored.
, in the field of high-end applications, is seeking a shift to 3d. higherbitdensity 3dnand
lowercostpergb 3dnand planarrnand
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
♪ Doublepattering quiddlepattering lithho-only ♪
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, fine, fine, highherfundancy packing.
This post is part of our special coverage http://www.mallerformfactorwire-bondstackedchipwip
Tsv transistor structure 3d. The traditional flat transistor (planar technology) saves power by reducing voltage. However, as the grid narrows down, the short ravine effect of the flat transistor limits the continued reduction of voltage. (The short ravine effect is defined as:
Quantum thugs under the flat transistor structure are extremely easy to do, leaving the electrons free to cross between source leaks, rendering the transistor unwieldy.
Similarly, the finfet channel consists of high and thin fins stung from the insulation bottom, with two levels of leakage at both ends, three poles, close to its side wall and top, which are used to support the control of the current. This fin structure increases the surface of the fence around the ditch and strengthens its control over the ditch, thus effectively mitigating the short-channel effect in the flatware.
In the tube age, under 22 nm, the process is no longer a true ditch length, but an equivalent process based on transistor density and chip size. The future chip process continues to expand to 1 nm node or even smaller, and the transistor structure will spread further from finfet.
Gaa's technical ditch is made up of nanowire, which is surrounded by fenced poles, thus once again enhancing the grid's ability to control the ditch and effectively reducing electrical leaks.Samsung, in the 3nm technology process, introduced mbcfet based on gaa technology, comparedfinfet in horizontal stacking fins.
Bmcfet stacks vertically, further evolving into the finfet technology, where the design can be moved directly to the mbcfet to enhance performance without raising the area. The power builder indicates that the 3nm process will be produced in the second half of 2022, that the finfet technology will still be used at the 3nm technical node, and that the gaa technology will be cut into 2nm node.
Chips are systematically structured in 3d. In recent years, innovations at the system level have further become the hand segment for performance enhancement, for example, 3dnand, which is made from multiple flashes, with etching on a silicon oxidation and nitrous silicon one-on-one stacking structure, processing 40:1 to 60:1 deep holes or deep ditches to increase storage capacity in the same region.
The 3d structure ' s demand for corrosion technology has increased further compared to the plane structure.
Encapsulation solution 3d. Another option for performance enhancement is to integrate multiple optimized chips into a completed system using an innovative envelope solution, stacking them together and increasing their performance/integration. Chiplet mode is to bind multiple module chips to the bottom core chip envelopes through die-to-die in-house interconnection technology.
Models of multifunctional systeminpackages (sips) chips. From the time they are designed, they are broken down according to different computational singles or functional units, and each unit selects the most suitable process to manufacture, then connects these modular nudity pieces and seals the chiplets of different functions and processes through advanced encapsulation techniques.
Assembles a soc chip. The chip made using the 10nm process is fully capable of achieving the integration of the 7nm chip, but the R & D input and the one-time production input are much less than the input of the 7nm chip, and new forms of connection drive equipment demand in its production process.
2.2. Equipment ahead of schedule. Advanced process-publishing equipment values up. Evolution of the manufacturing process, which promotes investment in the equipment as a share of production-line investment. Structural adjustments and process evolution are the most pressing needs for the equipment.
The reduction in the demand for front-line manufacturing equipment, the increase in the value of the equipment, and the gradual increase in the proportion of equipment invested in production lines.
Investments in integrated circuit manufacturing typically account for 70-80 per cent of capital expenditure in integrated circuit manufacturing, and the ratio of investment in equipment will rise accordingly as the manufacturing process increases, with 85 per cent when integrated circuits reach 16 and 14 nm. According to the application materials, the dram chip of 14 nm-16nm is compared to the dram chip of 25 nm.
According to Gartner, capital spending on advanced processes has increased significantly, from 25% in 2020 to 2025.
Deep-farm etching equipment, platform development 3.1, corrosion device start-up, leading by the global city of mocvd Equipment.
Research and development, production and marketing of key equipment such as plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment and mocvd equipment. Figure 26: Introduction of company major products Experiences and technical background of company management teams. Founder, chairman and general manager of MSMEs
Dr. Yoon has 35 years of industry experience in the semiconductor chip and equipment industry, and has been leading many semiconductors, such as applied materials, leading the international industry in the development of etching technology. Among the company’s other co-founders, core technicians, and important engineers, many of them have been experts in the international semiconductor equipment industry for decades, with excellent international technology.
The research and development team is strong, and the division of labour has clearly increased per capita income generation. Since its inception in 2004, the company has developed a system of full ownership, mainly in the recruitment of new staff, end-of-year awards, and promotions, and has established a system of highly regulated systems. With a unique incentive system and collaborative team spirit, the company has attracted all the players from all over the world.
By the end of 2021, the Department had 415 R & D staff, an increase of 20 per cent, or 40 per cent of the total number of employees. In addition, the company formed a clear division of expertise based on different R & D objects and project products such as plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment, mocvd equipment, etc.
Research and development teams. With solid technical skills and higher staff efficiency, corporate income generation is growing year by year, with a weighted per capita of 3.3, decentralized equity structure, policy support for enabling growth, decentralized equity structure, and no controlling shareholders or real controllers. As of the end of 2021, companies were the number-one largest.
The shareholders are in Shanghai and are affiliated with the Shanghai National Investment Commission, with 15.6 per cent of the shareholders, and the second largest shareholder is invested in a 100 per cent holding subsidiary of the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, with a 15.2 per cent shareholding, while also providing the company with the appropriate policy support and support for corporate development.
3.4. Double income gains, high levels of R & D inputs Rapid growth in corporate revenue, $3.11 billion in 2021, an increase of 36.7 per cent in the same year and nearly five years of corporate revenue (1) In 2016-2018, companies strategically reduced the price of mocvd products sold in order to further increase their market share,
(b) After 2019, the ratio of income from high-moric etching equipment to revenue increased gradually, and the ratio of sales of etching equipment to sales in 2021, figure 34: Māori rate of sub-firm operations (%)
The company’s net return profit has been growing steadily at a high rate since its loss in 2017, at around 140.9% in four years. Thanks to changes in the fair value of the company’s invested non-listed shares (an increase of $370 million) and government subsidies (an increase of $95 million), the company’s net return profit increased to $1.01 billion in 2021.
Net profits of $324 million, almost 13 times higher than the previous year, were largely the result of growth in revenue and an increase in the Maori rate, showing that companies have high levels of R & D inputs and maintain an autonomous intellectual property advantage. Companies have a technological lead, with an emphasis on R & D inputs, and their products have reached national and international levels of excellence. At the same time, companies are leading international semiconductor equipment.
The fact that several rounds of business secrets and patent litigation by companies have resulted in a settlement or a success proves the firmness of the company ' s intellectual property base and its ability to meet the complex international intellectual property challenges.
Figure 38: Cost during the company period ccp technology leads, icp has a broad outlook of 4.1, etching chain prices double up and global size will exceed $15 billion in 2024
According to gartner, global etching equipment, thin film deposition and light engraved equipment accounted for approximately 21.6 per cent, 19.2 per cent and 18.5 per cent, respectively, respectively, and the value of corrosion equipment was the highest. As integrated circuit manufacturing developed, the critical dimensions of the wire width were shrinking, and 14 nm and below were processed in microstructures through multiple templates.
To achieve this, the number of etching processes increased significantly, with the 28nm logical device having etching steps of about 40 to 5nm etching steps exceeding 160 nm; while the stacking structure increased the difficulty of the etching process by a step, the value of the etching in 3dnand was 50%, well above 2dnand. As advanced developments, etching rings increased.
The cost-saving price rises have led to a sustained increase in the value of the corrosion chain, which, according to Gartner, is expected to rise from $12.3 billion in 2020 to $15.2 billion in 2024, opening up long-term growth space for companies. According to Gartner, the size of the ccp global market was $4.8 billion in 2020, and the size of the icp global market was approximately $7.6 billion in 2020.
As the chip line shrinks and 3ds develop, the feol link will become more difficult to carve, driving the irp market ratio up, and the market size will expand further. 4.2. Corporate etching revenue is growing faster, and the Māori rate is at a higher level.
Income from corrosion equipment reached $1.29 billion, an increase of 59 per cent over the same period, with ccp equipment breaching the production line below 5 nm of the logical chip, repeated orders, benefiting the rapid uplifting of the production capacity of the chip manufacturing plant on the 3dnand chip, achieving a steady increase in the volume of duplicate orders; and icp corrosion equipment starting to gradually obtain duplicate orders, with significant sales under storage customer pull in the second half of 2020
4.3. The technological leadership of ccp equipment has risen and continues to move towards new processes
Three generations of etching equipment, covering a wide range of etching applications from 65 nanometres to 5 nanometer microscopic devices; release of primoidea (double-resistance decoupled glue), prmohd-rie (tm) positioning as an integrated solution for medium- and high-wide corrosion; company ' s ccp etching technology is at a state-of-the-art international level, with strong technical barriers and product competition
In mid-2020, the microccp medium carved the machines to 34% of the country’s leading 3dnand crystalline, 64th floor, 35% of the 128th floor, and 39% of the country’s leading logical crystalline plant, 28nm.
In 2020, the company ' s ccp medium carver reached 22% of the product line of the 22nm logical device in Taiwan, and 24% of the product line of the 14nm. In 2021, the company produced 298 cavities, with a 40% increase in production. The company ' s ccp etching device was 5nm on the logical circuit.
Repeated orders continue to be obtained along the following production lines, with market access for some key clients reaching the top three or even the top two, and market access continues to rise: they are widely used in the production lines of the storage circuits, 64 floors and 128 floors of 3dnand ... and are rising rapidly with the capacity of the 3d hand chip manufacturing plant, with repeated orders growing steadily.
Medium-sized ccp etching equipment can now cover basically about 70% of the ccp etching equipment, and the company is developing a new generation of corrosion equipment and processes that can cover 128 layers and above of critical etching applications and the corresponding very high depths, while actively layout dynamic storage applications and initiating process development and validation, in accordance with the needs of storage manufacturers.
The company is actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functions and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp etching machines, and is developing more advanced ccp etching products, including the greater use of the two-Damascus process, mainly in advanced logical devices. With the development of new processes, it is expected that the company’s technology-protected river will deepen further, increasing production-line penetration to take over more markets.
The company began to develop icp etching equipment in 2012 and officially launched primonanova in 2016. After certification by the previous production line, the company began gradually acquiring duplicate orders from its customers in 2020.
In 2021, medium and microicp etching equipment was validated by more than 100 icp etching processes on the production lines of more than 15 customers, and some process etching performance and volume indicators have met the requirements of the customer and are being produced in quantities, and the core applications have been continuously expanded.
The 100th response cavity was successfully delivered in June 2021, and by the end of December 2021, the primo nanova has successfully delivered more than 180 cavities, and the number of applications that have been validated by the client has been increasing. While the share of primonova has continued to increase, the company released a new generation of icp etching devices in the first half of 2021.
Primotwin-star, a dual-reaction station with high output properties, used for the front and back-track guidance and electro-mediamography applications of the device, has been certified on the client and orders have been received from a leading domestic client. The company applied the irp technology 8 inches and 12 inches of deep silicone etching equipment prmotsv200e, prmotsv300e202
The company continues to be reordered in mature etching markets such as advanced system encapsulation, 2.5-dimensional encapsulation, and micromechanical system chip production lines, and has also begun to be validated on the etching process in emerging markets, such as 3d chips. Companies have entered the irp equipment field relatively late, but with excellent technical advantages and expansion of downstream manufacturers.
Driven by a steady increase in the number of applications certified by clients, repeated orders are gradually acquired, and production has been carried out on the production line of multiple logical chips and storage chip manufacturers, producing a total of 134 cavities for the delivery of icp etching devices in 2021, with an increase of 235%. The overall development is strong.
Based on the technology development needs of its clients, the company is developing technology for the next generation of icp etching equipment to meet the demand for icp etching for products such as logical chips up to 5 nanometers, dram chips up to 1 x nanometres and 3dnand chips up to 128 layers, and for high-yielding icp etching equipment. We believe that the speed and quantity of the validation process respond well.
At the same time, as the company's R & D process moves forward, the process coverage increases, the icp equipment is added up to the size of the advanced process market, and the icp etching equipment may be expected to continue to grow at a robust pace, making it an uncharted 49: Medium and Minor corrosion equipment product development route.
4.5. Alternatives to national production: New clients are actively expanding, older clients are expanding production, autonomous control is imperative, and national production is a vast alternative. According to gartner, in 2020, the market share of MSMEs was only 1.37% in the global dry etching equipment market, and the international leader, Plumbing Halfconductor, 46.7%, ranked first.
One, followed by Tokyo’s electronics share of 25.6%, while in 2020 the share of mainland etching equipment manufacturers was 20% for MSMEs, most markets were still monopolized by foreign firms, and the share of the continental market in applications and pan forest semiconductors was close to 70%. Sino-American trade frictions highlighted the importance of autonomous control, and we believe that a domestic crystalline plant takes into account the stability of production lines.
There will be an attempt to gradually transfer their equipment needs to our equipment enterprises, depending on their importance, with a large national production replacement space as a leading company with core technical barriers.
Figure 50: Global dry etching equipment manufacturers ' share of the market in 2020 as semiconductor equipment enterprises, and the second small development curve is based on the expansion of new customers and the rise in the share of former customers. We believe that MSMEs can expand the core competitiveness of new customers in terms of dry technology, cost and service advantages.
In terms of the advantages of services, after-sale services by semiconductor equipment manufacturers are particularly critical in terms of the ability of equipment to operate normally and steadily on the customer’s production line. MSMEs are more geographically close to mainstream customers than importing firms.
It provides quick technical support and customer maintenance to ensure that 7 x 24 hours respond to clients' needs and arrive at on-site trouble-shooting and problem-solving within the agreed time frame. The annual customer satisfaction survey conducted by Vlsirerearch continues to be ranked third in 2019 as the global supplier of crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment and is rated five in 2019 as the global customer satisfaction rate.
In June 2020, the company was selected for the “Most Innovative Enterprises in 2020” list in Forbes China. The advantage of services has become one of the important knock-on bricks for developing new customers in China.
International competitors have some advantages in operating costs, such as labour. At the same time, firms have established a global procurement system, working closely with suppliers to produce modular, affordable and cost-competitive products: managing inventories through scientific methods effectively reduces the operating costs of companies.
High output efficiency corresponds to lower production costs, while saving land area. Cost-side advantages enhance the competitiveness of companies’ products, or are expected to boost the expansion of new customers.
Sub, Hercules, Yangtze Storage, Nakaroo International, etc. Figure 53: China and Micro's main downstream customers Figure 54: Statistics on the expansion of domestic manufacturing capacity
At the time of industrialization, mocvd was expected to recover 5.1, mocvd as the core equipment for led chip production mocvd is a new gas phase extension growth technology based on organic compounds and v, iii, ii elements
Hydrogens, etc. of the vi elements as crystal source material for gas excreting at the bottom of the liner by thermal decomposition reaction, growing various iii-v masters, ii-vi sub-commodity semiconductors and thin crystals of their multiple solid solubles.
The production of the film is the most important step, with the corresponding equipment mocvd investing more than half of the total supply of the led production line. It is the most critical piece of equipment in the led manufacture. Currently, the mocvd equipment is used mainly for nitride and arsenic semiconductor materials outside growth, and its end products are used for general lighting, blue light, ultraviolet, high end displays of miniled and
Figure 55: The led chip industry chain. Prismounimax released mocvd equipment for high-performance miniled volume in June 2021, possibly simultaneously.
Processing 164 4 inches or 72 inches of 6 inches of extras, with orders totalling more than 100 pieces received by the end of 2021 from a number of leading domestic households. In March 2022, the company received orders for the purchase of mocvd equipment in the 52nd cavdagogic mocd.
The company has also actively distributed the third-generation semiconductor equipment market for powerware applications, and has developed mocvd equipment for gan powerware applications, which has now been delivered to leading domestic and international customers for production certification. In addition, the company has initiated the development of extended production equipment for carbonized silicon devices, which will further enrich the company’s product lines.
5.2. Miniled industrialization is accelerating, and the demand for mocvd is expected to rise significantly. Lighting is the most important area of traditional led, accounting for 66% in 2019. Since 2015, domestic penetration of the led lighting product has been increasing and market size is on the rise, reaching 78% by 2020.
As the lighting industry enters maturity, the growth rate has slowed considerably in recent years. As a result of subsidies and disorderly expansion, the demand-side growth has slowed, with the led industry falling from 2018 to 2020.
In 2018, in order to further increase market share, companies introduced strategic price-fixing, with the company ' s mocvd equipment business from 2019 to 2020, entering the industrial fast track in 2021, the year of Miniled. Miniled refers to led with crystal grain sizes ranging from 50 micrometres to 200 micrometers.
The icd screen of the miniled backlight technology, which is better than the traditional ed backlight program in terms of brightness, contrast, color restoration and hdr performance, has an advantage over the oled display in terms of cost and lifetime, and therefore has a wide range of applications in areas such as television, laptops, car panels and outdoor screens.
According to arizton, the size of the global miniled market was only about $10 million in 2018. Since 2020, costs have declined as a result of scale effects and good rate increases, and the industrialization of the miniled has continued up and down, moving industries into fast-track development. Arizton expects that the global miniled market will expand to $2.32 billion in 2024, year after year.
By 2021, the company seized market opportunities and, through efficiency and technological excellence, the mocvd Māori ratio significantly recovered to 33.8% as a result of the rapid development of the miniled market.
In response to increased demand, the company ' s mocvd business is expected to pick up fast growth.6 The platform layout, building integrated semiconductor equipment, the company ' s core competitiveness lies in physico-chemistry, chemical reaction, material science: systems integration and automation capabilities, and softness
Based on technological advantages, the company ' s three dimensions extend the layout of future company operations, including deep-farming key equipment areas for integrated circuits, extension in the field of essential equipment for general semiconductors (platform displays lcd/oled, solar cell equipment solar, luminous diode equipment mocvd, micromems, other microprocessors)
The chemical sediment membrane equipment, as well as the outer growth equipment, are assimilated to etching technology, and the company, based on its technological advantages, has started to develop the pi extension equipment and the lpcvd low.
Pressure chemical phase deposition equipment. Of this, the epi extension equipment focuses mainly on faundry/logicdevice, mainly on the si, si/ge pi process; the rpcvd equipment focuses on memorydevice, mainly on the w, wn, tin, etc. Sewing process. The company epi equipment is now in the prototype design, manufacturing and debugging stage to meet customer advances.
Electricity and reliability requirements for the silicon outgrowth process. The 2021 company application to metal-connected tungsten filling cvd has been able to meet customer process certification needs, products are being calibrated with key customers, and further development of cvd and ald equipment to achieve a higher depth-wide and smaller critical-size structure to meet high-end logical devices and advances
At the same time, the company is involved in high-tech, photovoltaic and flat screen displays of the ideal 10,000 lire in the field of pecvd, as well as in the field of plating and membrane modification equipment solayer. The participating companies create operational and medium-sized synergies to accelerate the company's entry into the market for chemical sediment film and extended production equipment.
Figure 64: The size of the market for chemical sediment film equipment and extended production equipment is approximately $13 billion, and further capital is provided in Shanghai to speed up the layout of semiconductor detection equipment. In February 2022, the company increased its share of equipment from 20.4% to 29.4%.
Optical defects detection equipment, as well as silicon thickness and tonic measuring equipment, is one of the few high-end equipment companies in the country that have entered the international lead 12-inch production line, and is the only one in the country that has entered a leading Korean company, a national equipment company. The 12-inch optical measurement device tfx 3000 series, developed autonomously in Shanghai, has been applied at 65/55/40/28 nm.
Chip production lines are also being validated with 14 nanometer processes, supporting the production of 64 layer 3dnand chips at 3d storage chip lines, and the measurement performance of 96 layer 3dnand chips is being validated; the automatic optical inspection equipment applied to the led sapphire bottom graphics detection has also been successfully sold to the country ' s ledps bottom line and the led chip production line.
A generation can further expand the serviceable market by supporting the membrane thickness and ocd measuring equipment of the higher-stage chip-making process, as well as the defective detection equipment applied to the production of the integrated circuit chip.
On the other hand, through the construction of industrial bases and the expansion of the product lines of the Research and Development Centre (R & D) Auxiliary Company, the company ' s product lines in the area of semiconductor equipment are further enriched and its R & D input capacity enhanced.
1) Medium and MicroIndustrial Base Construction Project: The total land area of the industrial base construction project in China and China is approximately 157.5 acres and the total area of the planned construction is about 180,000 m; the construction of the industrial base in China and Nanchang is about 130 acres and the proposed construction of a new production base is about 140,000 m2.
Field production and detection equipment, as well as parts and components. Of these, the industry base in Hong Kong will be expected to be completed by the end of 2022, primarily by upgrading the company’s existing products, developing new products and expanding production capacity; and the industry base in Nanchang will be responsible for undertaking large-scale production of more mature products and upgrading research and development of some products, which is expected to be in 2022.
Completion in April. The product categories to be expanded and upgraded by the Medium and MicroIndustrial Base Project are new equipment such as plasma etching equipment, mocvd equipment, thermal chemical cvd equipment, and environmental protection equipment, with production planning for the respective products of approximately 630 cavity/year, 120 cavity/year, 220 cavity/year, 180 cavity/year, respectively.
2) The China Emblem Headquarters and the R & D Centre project: in addition to the development and industrialization of superior products such as plasma etching equipment, thin film deposition equipment, forward-looking technical research, promotion of the domesticization of integrated circuitry equipment and components, promotion of the development and industrialization of general semiconductor equipment products is expected to take place in 2023.
1) Erosion equipment: company ccp corrosion equipment technology is ahead of the curve, with about 30 per cent of key storage logical plants in the country, and city occupancy is expected to increase further as new process expansion is expected to accelerate the increase in import substitution penetration; icp corrosion equipment is continuously expanding through certification, driven by downstream customer demand for expansion
Repeated orders are increasing and the scale of the icp segment of the advanced process is increasing, and it is expected that it will grow rapidly in the future to become a new performance contribution point; given the gradual increase in the difficulty of company equipment penetration, it is expected that the Māori rate of corrosion equipment will increase further.
2) Mocvd equipment: It is expected that the demand for mocvd equipment will grow rapidly again, benefiting from new opportunities in the development of the micro-led downstream industry. Given the higher Māori ratio, Māiledmocvd equipment is expected to increase further.
3) Combined with the above-mentioned projections for etching equipment and mocvd equipment, we expect the leading position of specialized equipment in the field of corrosion of equipment from 2022 to 2024, and the progressive deployment of corporate mocvd equipment in the field of miniled, which is committed to building platform-type companies that will gradually grow into globally influential semiconductor equipment companies, maintaining the `recommended'
1) The semiconductor equipment industry invests heavily in R & D and does not meet customers' needs when R & D fails or when products are marketed 2) the global semiconductor industry moves to mainland China to mitigate risks; 3) the mobilization project is not progressing as expected;
4) Increased friction in Central American trade; 5) Risk of supply shortages of spare parts, etc.
Ding: Master of Finance, University of New South Wales, currently mainly responsible for company research in the mechanical industry.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The recipient receives this report and treats it as a client, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information.
The information, opinions, etc. do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons who are to be consulted.
Consult with professional consultants on legal, commercial, tax and other matters.