• Summary of the performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: Corporate operating income of $3.11 billion in 2021, an increase of 36.7 per cent over the year;
Demand surges led to a significant increase in revenue and reduced operational efficiency-led cost rates.) At the end of the 2021 season, the company achieved income of $3.11 billion, a 36.7 per cent increase).) At the end of the profit, the public.
The Division achieved a net return to the mother of $1.01 billion a year, a significant increase of 105.5 per cent. Of this, the company ' s Māori ratio showed that the cost of company sales was 9.5 per cent, a decrease of 0.9 pp per year; the management cost rate was 6.5 per cent, a decrease in the ccp, ancp, an acceleration of the same rate, and the expansion of the equipment market underpinned the company ' s long-term performance growth in 2021.
In 2021, the company produced a total of 298 cavities for the delivery of ccp etching equipment, a 40% increase in production compared to the previous year, which contributed to the continued upswing of the company. 2) icp etching equipment was gradually certified downstream. In 2021, the company produced a total of 298 cavities for the delivery of ccp etching equipment.
Production and delivery of icp etching equipment, 134 cavities, increased by 235% on a year-on-year basis. The company Primonovačicp etching products, certified over 100 icp etching processes on more than 15 customer lines, have now been validated and delivered by some customers. At the industry level, gartner predicts the size of the global market for corrosion equipment.
In 2021, the company took the lead in issuing high-intensity inch extensions, with downstream client orders totalling more than 100 cavities. At the same time, the company was actively configured for development.
The mocvd equipment produced by the ggan power plant is now being delivered to the client for production certification. In addition, the public sector mocvd equipment for microlled is actively being developed, and the product lines are being enriched.
One corrosion device is a global leader, mocvd is a national alternative. China Micro was founded in 2004 in Shanghai, where it was very limited, and successfully landed in 2019. The company is mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of high-end semiconductors, with core products including: 1) plasma engraved in integrated circuits.
Erosion equipment (ccp, icp), deep silicon etching equipment (tsv), and 2) mocvd equipment in the area of led chip. The Division has developed, with two main operations at its core, advanced back-track, semiconductor equipment products such as mems, led, miniled, microlled, and is expanding and becoming a platform-type enterprise for panconductor equipment.
The company focuses mainly on plasma etching equipment and mocvd set-up. Products include capacitive plasma etching equipment (ccp) and electro-sensive plasma etching equipment (icp), and plasma etching equipment has been manufactured and processed on integrated circuits from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm for international front-line customers.
There are specific applications in advanced envelopes: the mocvd equipment is mainly used in the production of the led outlet, and is already being used in large quantities on the production line of industry-led customers. With the extensive use of mocvd among downstream customers, the company has become the world’s leading supplier of nitrided equipment, pre-occupied domestically.
Long-range, downstream applications include red yellow light, UV light, power devices, and miniled, microled, etc. Deep-farming markets have for many years led by technological innovations. Looking back at the history of development, companies grew roughly in three stages, 2004-2011: the start of technology. In 2004, Yoon Zhiyu and other core technicians were launched in Shanghai.
Mid-Micro Corporation, which has attracted semiconductor experts from around the world, has set up a research and development team. During this period, MSMEs have made significant progress in corrosion equipment, ccp etching equipment, tsv/mems/dicing etching equipment products have been successfully developed and shipped to customers, and the pyrotechnic node has quickly broken to 45 nm.
2012-2017: Consolidation of the development period. In 2012, the first mocvd equipment was successfully developed and shipped to customers, and the company’s semiconductor equipment product lines were gradually replenished and scaled up. At the same time, corrosion equipment was accelerating technological innovation, and by 2017 the corrosion equipment had entered the state-of-the-art 7nm production line.
By the end of 2018, MSMEs had accumulated more than 1,100 stations serving more than 40 advanced chip production lines in the country and abroad.
Large-scale mocvd equipment developed by the company has gradually replaced import facilities, leading the global market for nitrogenated silicone mocvd equipment. In 2019, the company's landing section launched the market, starting with capital to accelerate capacity-building and expansion into a new high-speed development phase.
The company’s largest shareholder now invests in Shanghai’s entrepreneurship and holds 15.64% of the company’s shareholdings. Shanghai’s first investor is the Shanghai market.
The NCC. The second largest shareholder, Shanghai Investment Ltd., holds 15.15% of the shares. The shares share ratio is similar, with no real control.
In 2020, the company introduced restrictive stock schemes and stock value-added schemes, which targeted 700 persons, or 91.9% of the company's workforce.
For example, 1104 people, or 99.4% of the company’s workforce, are expected to award 4 million restricted shares to incentive recipients, or 0.65% of the company’s equity at the time of the draft announcement. Long-term incentives can attract and retain good talent, fully mobilize the workforce, and contribute to the company’s long-term development.
The company’s main battalion operations include the sale of specialized equipment, spare parts and equipment maintenance. Of these, specialized equipment consists mainly of corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment.In terms of collection structure, sales of specialized equipment generated $2.51 billion in 2021, an increase of 39.4 per cent, or the main camp.
The share of revenue is 80.7%, and contributes to the company’s main revenue. Of this amount, the income from corrosion equipment was $20.0 billion, a significant increase of 55.4% over the same year; the income from mocvd equipment was $50 million, an increase of 1.5% over the same year, mainly from the downstream market and the new order for the size of the miniledmocvd equipment signed this year, which has yet to be recognized.
This represents an increase of 27.3 per cent, or 17.9 per cent, of the principal income of the Māori sector, with a Māori ratio of 42.2 per cent and a Māori ratio of 78.5 per cent for sales of specialized equipment in the company ' s main business in 2021. Of this, the Māori rate for corrosion equipment is 44.3 per cent; and the Māori rate for mocvd equipment is 33.8 per cent, compared to 2020.
In 2017-2021, the company generated revenue from 970 million yuan, an increase of 36.7% over the same period, benefiting from the high profile of semiconductor equipment, the continued expansion of downstream crystal circle manufacturing plants, and the rapid outbreak of demand for semiconductor equipment, which led to steady growth in corporate revenue. At the profit end, the company grew steadily in 2021.
The net return to the mother is RMB 1.01 billion, representing a significant increase of 105.5 per cent over the same period, a combined growth rate of 141.1 per cent over the past five years and maintaining a high rate of growth of 21.9 per cent, indicating that companies are giving high priority to technology R & D and are increasing their investment in technology to upgrade their technological advantages.
Billion dollars, an increase of 20.1% over the same period last year, is due mainly to the impact of the outbreak of demand in the industry, the fact that net corporate revenues and new orders have fluctuated since year one, and in 2021 it is now 0.9 and the overall profit quality is better. We expect that, with subsequent breakthroughs in the process, customer imports, and viscous formation, the net corporate position will rise further than the target.
Assumption 1: the company leads the domestic semiconductor corrosion equipment industry, supported by the expansion of downstream crystallization plants and the release of national production space, with a more certain future growth in performance, we expect to accelerate with the company’s market share, which is expected to accelerate with the certification of downstream customers. Based on the above analysis, we expect an increase of 35 per cent/27 per 25 per cent in sales of company-specific equipment over the next three years, with the unit price of the product.
Assumption 2: the company ' s spare parts operations have a high correlation with equipment maintenance operations and the sale of specialized equipment, we anticipate that these two operations will continue to grow at a high rate, driven by an increase in sales of specialized equipment, with spare parts operations growing at a rate of 2022-2024, and we have selected two companies in the industry that are close to the MSMEs business model, with an average perpe for two companies in 2022.
95 times more. The Chinese company will have two of the greatest prospects for the future: 1) the company leads the domestic corrosion equipment industry, ccp equipment continues to grow downstream, and icp equipment is expected to grow faster with client certification; 2) the company will actively deploy mocvd equipment, which is expected to expand in the future with the rapid growth of the miniled and gan markets, leading to the eruption of the downstream demand market.
Downstream customer expansion is less than expected, new products are not being developed as expected, and international trade frictions have intensified. No, nor will any form of compensation be obtained directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.