The Bank of Chengdu, as a provincial capital city comptoir rooted in the west, benefits from the rapid growth potential of the local economy. The company has introduced local NAC holding groups and local SMEs as shareholders, deep-seated shareholders.
In local markets, the end of the debt has outperformed the comptoirs of the city. But in the past few years, it has been rated by the macro and the regional economy as a whole: more than the big market, and the quality of the capital bank's assets is more under pressure than the labels.
At the same time, the quality of assets remains high, the end of the liabilities outperformed their counterparts, paying attention to the trend towards improved asset quality.
The Ministry is located in Chengdu. By the first quarter of 2018, the bank had a total assets of $45.44 billion, and ranked fifth in the total assets of the comptoirs in the western part of the country. Three shareholders held more than 5 per cent of the capital stock: the capital control group (18.1 per cent), the Fonlong Bank (18.0 per cent) and the China Industry Investment Fund (6.64 per cent).
The company’s equity structure has been made more balanced by the introduction of foreign banks and a large number of local small and medium-sized enterprises as shareholders. Enjoying the potential for development in the western region, with high-quality and wide-ranging local customer resources.
The company’s regional layout allows it to enjoy the dividends of rapid economic growth in the western part of the country. For more than 20 years now, the capital bank has been working deep in the country, mainly on public business, with a ratio of 2018q1 loans to public funds, 63.7 per cent/71.3 per cent, respectively.
The difference is better than the difference between the mark and the advantage of the end-of-the-period balance. According to our calculation of the end-of-period balance, the net interest difference at the end of the quarter was 1.88 per cent for the capital bank, and the above level in the middle of the mark was mainly due to a good statement at the end of the line, with deposits accounting for 77.5 per cent of interest-paying liabilities and the lowest cost of deposits in the line (2017,1.47 per cent).
If: 1) the firm’s investment style is more robust and prudent, the equity-type asset share of total assets is higher than the cost of liabilities. Looking forward to a year-round recovery in corporate lending, it is worth noting the potential for improved interest differentials resulting from the optimization of the asset structure, we expect the overall year-round interest differential to remain stable in 2018.
This is due mainly to the fact that companies continue to increase their portfolio allocation in the portfolio category, increasing by 19.6% in the first quarter, and increasing their share of total assets to 43.5%.
The quality of the assets is lower than that of the comptoirs in the city, with a negative rate of 1.68% as of 2018q1, with a negative rating of laxity and 130% of the 90-day overdue/deprived loans.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting business, sensitisation, lucidity.
The Bank of Chengdu was established in 1997, with its headquarters in Chengdu. By the first quarter of 2018, the Bank of Chengdu had a total assets of $4,544 million and ranked fifth in the total assets size of the Western Area Chamber of Commerce. Three shareholders held more than 5 per cent of the stockholdings: the Chengdu Gold Control Group (18.1 per cent), the Bank of Hong Kong (18.0 per cent) and the Bank of China Investment Fund (6.64 per cent).
The majority of the shareholders in Chengdu are controlled by the National Capital Council, while the introduction of foreign banks and a large number of local small and medium-sized enterprises as shareholders allows companies to enjoy the potential of development in the western region and have a wide range of local customer resources of good quality. The main operations of the Chengdu Bank are concentrated in the Chengdu region, which receives the dividends of rapid economic growth in the western region.
Loans accounted for 63.7 per cent/71.3 per cent of loans, respectively, with extensive and long-term cooperation between companies and the regional public finance sector and local priority enterprises, with interest differentials better than against the target, with a strong advantage on the end-of-the-period balance, with a net interest gap of 1.88 per cent at the end of the first quarter of the capital bank, and a high level in the middle of the mark, mainly due to good performance of the end-of-the-debt line, with deposits accounting for 77.5 per cent of interest-pay liabilities and current deposits accounting for the ratio.
54.8% of the cost of deposits is the lowest in the range (1.47% at the end of 2017). However, from this year, the net interest gap ring has fallen somewhat earlier than at the beginning of the year (vs2017, 2.16%), which we believe is mainly due to a more prudent corporate investment style and higher cost of equity-type assets and liabilities. Looking ahead, corporate lending has picked up at a pace throughout the year, and it is worth noting the potential for improved interest differentials resulting from the optimization of the asset structure.
The year 2018 is expected to be a year-round spread, with a rapid expansion in size and a marked improvement in asset quality. The capital bank asset size of 2018q1 has increased by 4.6 per cent, continuing the trend of 17 years of rapid growth, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued increase in portfolio asset allocation, a 19.6 per cent increase in the first quarter of the year, increasing its share of total assets.
In terms of asset quality, companies are still at a high level of disadvantage in comparison with the comptoirs in the city, at 1.68 per cent as of 2018q1, while companies are less well-constructed at 130 per cent for 90 days of late/bad loans. But we also see that companies are increasing clean-up and disposal of their stock of bad assets, so that the annualized rate of production, plus write-off, has also increased in the first quarter.
The ratio is between 97bp and 2.22 per cent, and the quality of assets is stable, and we believe that the risk to the quality of assets of future capital banks is generally manageable.
As of the end of the first quarter of 2018, 73.1% of the company’s lending operations consisted of public loans and 63.7% of the total public deposits. As of the end of the quarter of 2018, the total assets of the bank were $454.8 billion, with $154.1 billion in loans and $317.4 billion in deposits.
The size of the assets ranks 35th in the ranking, 5th in the ranking of total assets of small and medium-sized banks in the western region, and highest in the middle of the country, and highest in the western region. In 2018, the Bankers of the United Kingdom ranked Standard Bank at the top of the 1,000th.
1.2 Equity structure: balanced equity structure with a regional competitive advantage Three shareholders in more than 5 per cent of the equity share of the capital bank, including the Chengdu Capital Control Group (18.1 per cent), the Hong Kong Bank (18.0 per cent) and the Tanghai Industrial Investment Fund Management Corporation (6.64 per cent).
The Fonlong Bank, a Malaysian bank established in 1934, is one of the five major banks in Malaysia. It is controlled by Malaysia’s listed company, the Funglong Group (hlcm), and its foreign equity shares make the equity mix more balanced. In addition, a large number of local business holdings have been introduced into the Chengdu equity structure, making the capital bank and the land more stable.
The development of the economy is highly tied and has a comparative competitive advantage in the region.
2.1 Sichuan Province has experienced steady economic growth, with urban growth being a strong regional advantage and potential, and Sichuan Province ' s economy has maintained steady growth in recent years, achieving a GDP of 3.7 trillion yuan (gdp) in 2017 and an increase of 8.1 per cent in gdp. Sichuan Province is the capital of Sichuan Province, accounting for more than one third of the total Gdp in Sichuan Province, which is an important part of the country 's "one-way" and Yangjiang Economic Zone Development Strategy.
In 2017, the Chengdu region grew by 8.10%, and the country's total city gdp ranked 8th. Overall, the Chengdu economy has been growing faster, with a steady recovery from 2016, despite a slight slowdown in economic growth over the past five years.
8.1 per cent, higher than the national average of 6.90 per cent of 1.2 percentage points, provides a good regional environment for the development of Chengdu banks.
Thanks to the growth of the regional economy, the banking sector in Chengdu grew more rapidly. By the end of 2017, the size of the savings in Chengdu amounted to 3.44 trillion euros, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period, and the size of the loans amounted to 284 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.4 per cent over the same period.
Chengdu, as the company's first shareholder, has created a strong local competitive advantage for Chengdu banks, which have established extensive and long-term partnerships with regional ministries of public finance, as well as long-term partnerships with related enterprises in such sectors as Chengdu Water, Education, Culture, Transport, Utilities, etc.
As a commercial bank rooted in Chengdu, key resources, such as Chengdu bank base customers, nodes, etc., are concentrated mainly in the better economic base. As of 2017, 77% of the loans from Chengdu came from the Chengdu region.
Ten million households, 6.7 million individual deposit clients, 42.3 per cent of the total urban population, and 20 years after its establishment, Chengdu banks have developed deep-rooted projects and good relations with government departments, creating a client base that involves major industries and covers major groups, making them more competitive in the absorption of deposits. As of the end of the first quarter of 2018, deposits accounted for 75.9 per cent of interest-bearing liabilities.
The percentage of current deposits was 54.8% (the 2017 report) and ranked first in the comparison of the labels. Figure 11.2017q2 bank deposits and loans are distributed mainly in the Chengdu region. Chengdu Bank Bank, Nanpo Bank, Guiyang Bank, Jiangsu Bank, Shanghai Bank.
▪ The size of the deposit of 2018q1 as an interest-paying liability compared to 2.3 across the regional business layout, enjoying the economic development dividends of the western region.
An inter-provincial branch was set up in Chongqing and Xi'an, with a total of 12 branches directly attached to it, with more than 180 operating points, and the Chengdu Bank in Sichuan Ya'anva, with the establishment of the Shan Jinchang Town Bank (61 per cent holding shares) in Jiang Subao County, which launched the Jiang Subiao Jinchang Village Town Bank (62 per cent holding shares) and the Tibetan Bank (5.3 per cent holding shares), which has achieved cross-regional coverage of its operations.
Companies are able to enjoy business opportunities in the western part of the country as compared to the country’s rapid economic growth.
Figure 15. Cross-regional distribution of banks in Chengdu III. Financial analysis: deposits have a competitive advantage, asset quality improvements are evident, 3.1 loans are rising and total asset growth is at the forefront of the industry
The sharp improvement in the pace of growth is related to the recovery of the local economy, and the western region still has much room for construction, as the Central Economics Conference of 18 and a half years proposes to supplement the infrastructure sector, so we believe that the future size of the capital bank in the west is still expected to grow faster. On the other hand, the rapid growth in the size of assets is due mainly to the growth in the size of assets in the portfolio type, especially in the risk category.
Figure 16. Chengdu ' s total assets are growing rapidly. Figure 17. Chengdu ' s total assets are at the forefront of the mark.
As the local economy warms, the company has increased its lending, increasing its lending rate by 7.03 percentage points over 16 years, but in comparison with the labels, Chengdu’s lending is still at a low level, with a low rate. Looking ahead, we believe that Chengdu’s lending growth is expected to continue up for 18 years and beyond. First, capital is effectively replenished when the company is on the market, and higher core-level capital in the industry is sufficient.
The loan structure shows a 6.02% increase in corporate loans and 17.07% in individual loans at the end of the 17th year, which is a significant improvement over the 16th year.
Figure 19. Chengdu bank loans are at a low rate in the line line. Figure 18. Chengdu bank loans are at a bottom of the boom and gdp increases (right axis).
Figure 21. The rapid increase in the size of personal home-purchase loans Portfolio investment: Under the pressure of loan growth, good performance at the end of the debt line has led to a further increase in the allocation of securities investment portfolio by the capital bank, with portfolio investment as a share of total assets increasing from year to year. By the end of 2017, equity investment had increased by 33.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
In 17 years of portfolio break-ups, Chengdu banks increased the allocation of bonds and certificates of association by 107% and 108%, respectively. In general, however, as of 2018 q1, the equity portfolio as a percentage of total assets (43.5%), the accounts receivable category investment as a share of portfolio investment (25%) is not high in the target city comptoirs.
The impact of regulation will be relatively small, with little pressure on asset-end restructuring.
Bank of Beijing, Bank of Jiangsu, Bank of Chengdu, Bank of Hangzhou, Bank of Nanjing, Bank of Ningbo, Bank of Guiyang, has invested in securities as a percentage of total assets.
This is due to the positive performance of the Chengdu bank liabilities, with deposits accounting for 77.5% of interest-paying liabilities as of 2017, current deposits accounting for 54.8% of total deposits, deposit cost of only 1.47%, and low in the bid line. But the ring comparison is based on a narrow 28bp interest-rate spread of one quarter, which is due to lack of elasticity at the end of the asset and an increase in the cost of liabilities in a highly competitive environment in which deposits are held.
Restructured assets and increased credit delivery, we expect the year-round net difference to be at a level of around 2.1% by 2017. Figure 27. Chengdu bank net difference is at the top of the line. We believe that Chengdu bank net difference ranking is mainly due to the fact that Chengdu bank liabilities are better performing than peers, with deposits as a proportion of liabilities.
High, and with a relatively high proportion of current deposits. An analysis in part 2.2 of the report shows that, as of the end of the first quarter of 2018, the share of Chengdu bank deposits in interest-bearing liabilities was 75.9 per cent, although it declined, it was still first in the label line, higher than the highest compared bank in Nanjing (68.9 per cent), and also higher in the ranking of 54.8 per cent of total deposits.
At the same time, there is a downward trend in the cost of sequestering deposits in Chengdu banks, which fell by 5bp in 2017, showing a firm’s very strong local stocking capacity, with horizontal comparisons with its counterparts at a low level. We believe that the high proportion of low-cost deposits by companies is mainly due to: 1) the fact that the Chengdu bank, as a local state-owned background bank, is paying wages,
There are advantages in such areas as policy deposits, and there are many local shareholders and local firms, with business current deposits accounting for 77.3 per cent of total current deposits; 2) residents of the western region are less aware of their financial situation, and residents are more likely to choose more secure bank deposits as a financial asset
Figure 28. Cost of Chengdu bank deposits is declining year by year Figure 31. Deposits as a proportion of interest-bearing liabilities are still high Figure 30.
In terms of asset end-of-life performance, the financial markets have been well-funded in the first half of the year, and there has been a slight decline in the rate of return on public debt. Given that Chengdu banks outperform the credit model of portfolio investment, the return on asset end-of-life earnings in the first quarter has returned by a small margin of between 5bp and 3.80%. It is a matter of concern that, at the absolute level, the average loan return on the capital bank is 4.85 per cent, and is at the upper middle-level of the label, with the credit spread above the average.
Both banks can adjust the asset structure and increase credit delivery, and asset-side gains are expected to increase slightly, recommending positive closings.
3.3 The harvest was lower than the industry average. The cost-earning ratio was lower than the industry average. The middle business of the Chengdu bank was not well developed. As of the end of 2017, the share of net income from the main business was only 4.1 per cent, the lowest for the target line, with 17 years of net fees and commissions falling by 15.5 per cent compared to the previous year.
By the end of 2017, the percentage of operating income from bank charges and commissions was 4.1 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 percentage points from the previous year, compared with the revenue structure, where bank card operations, financial and asset management operations, agency payments and commissionings accounted for the highest share of revenue from fees, with the rate of increase in fees from investment banks slowing down from 13.7 percentage points to 8.9 per cent at the end of 2017.
The revenue from fees increased by 39.7 per cent to 34.5 per cent over the same period, and was the highest in the case of commission fees, but revenue from treasury operations is expected to face a degree of adjustment in the future under the influence of the new regulations, and revenue from treasury operations is expected to increase at a somewhat volatile rate.
Figure 34. The rate of increase in commission revenue, figure 36.2017 per cent of bank charges, compared to their counterparts, Figure 37. Composition and percentage of bank charges in Chengdu
Cost income is generally stable and is in the middle of a benchmarking comparison. The Chengdu bank cost income ratio was 28.3 per cent in 2017, a slight decrease of 2.5 percentage points from 16 years, mainly because of a decline in the negative turn-over-led cost-income ratio in 2017. Figure 38.
Figure 39.2017 shows a clear trend towards an improvement in the quality of 3.4 assets compared to those in the middle of the industry.
At the same time, the firm’s bad perception is more relaxed, with over 90 days of overdue/unperforming loans at 13.7%, and is still under pressure in the peer comparison. But, by indicators, the trend towards improved asset quality in Chengdu banks shows a sharp decline in the negative rate of 52bps to 1.69% at the beginning of 2017, a marked improvement in the rate of negative production, a decline of 1.17 to 0.93% in the same year, and a decrease in the ratio of over 90 days of overdue loans.
By the first quarter of 18 years, Chengdu banks had a non-performing loan rate of 1.68%, the highest in comparison with the mark, higher than the second-highest bank in Hangzhou by 11 bp.
It is 13.7%, and the quality of corporate assets will become more real as the regulatory requirements for more than 90 days of credit are poorly incorporated. While bank failures are higher in comparison with their counterparts, as local commercial banks, the quality of Chengdu bank loans is more affected by the region in which they are located, the exposure of individual large enterprise groups in Sichuan Province, the loss of collateral capacity of private guarantee companies, and the concentration of private investment finance risks
During the same period, the rate of non-performing loans from banking institutions in Sichuan province was higher than the national average. From 2016, local economies recovered steadily, customer credit risk exposure was sufficiently high, Chengdu banks took the lead in the gradual decline of other banking partners in the region, and we expect further improvements in the quality of capital bank assets in the future.
Figure 40.2018q1 shows a high rate of non-performing loans among the partners. Figure 41.2017. Badly considered easing by banks. Non-performing loans generated by banks after write-off and disposal were 0.46 per cent, related to the company ' s increased non-performing write-off and disposal. Not at the end of 2017.
The ratio of loans of concern to companies fell by 42 percentage points to 2.74 per cent in 2017. A combination of the above indicators shows a steady improvement in the quality of capital assets.
The negative rate of production of Chengdu banks is declining.
Figure 47.2017 Loans of concern are higher than their counterparts 204% of Chengdu bank provision coverage, 2.5 percentage points of ring increase, and the trend towards improved provision coverage continues, with pressure-repressive relief. By comparison, Chengdu bank provision is still at a lower level in the city’s comptoirs. At the same time, the cost of credit at the end of 2017 is higher than in the year.
There was a decrease of between 38bps and 1.55 per cent, and the cost of credit was in the middle of the industry.
Figure 51. Corporate credit costs are moving in the middle of the industry at a rate of negative turnover, profitability at the forefront of the industry, and the net return on capital bank assets (roe) and total corporate assets (roa) over the past few years.
Sliding, but starting in 2017, companies rose steadily, by 4.6% and 22bps, respectively, from Roe (16.8%) and Roa (0.98%). Meanwhile, in 2017, companies recovered, net profits, and profit increases before the provision began to turn negative, and we believe that with local economic recovery, improvements in asset quality, companies’ profitability will continue to improve.
First-ranked Guiyang Bank (1.10%), with assets being used and returned better than their counterparts. The net profit of Chengdu banks before the provision was negative, as a result of regional macroeconomic downturns, narrow corporate spreads, slow growth of interest-bearing assets and down-grade asset quality.
There has been a marked improvement of 51.5%, 18.3%, 12.0%, the best rate of increase in profit in 2017 in comparison with the labels. A significant improvement in net profit growth has had the effect of providing for release reconciliations.
roe, figure 54.2017, Chengdu Bank Roa up by 22bps, figure 55.2017, is in the forefront of the industry.
Chengdu banks have been maintaining a high capital adequacy rate. By the end of 2018q1, the capital adequacy rate at the core level was 14.7%, 11.5% above regulatory requirements, and was at a leading level in the comparison of labels, with sufficient space for the future development of companies. Chengdu banks, as a provincial capital city comptoir rooted in the west, are expected to benefit from the rapid growth potential of the local economy.
Companies have introduced local State Treasury holding groups and SMEs as equity shareholders, deep-farming local markets, and liabilities have outperformed the target market. It should be noted, however, that in the past few years, as a result of the downside of the overall macro and regional economy, the capital quality of the capital of the capital bank has been under considerable pressure over the target, and future trends need to be noted; as a sub-marketed stock in 2017, the value of the company is higher than the average of the upper-city comptoir pb at 21 per cent.
Loans on deposit are assumed to increase by 8.93 per cent in 2017 on a year-on-year basis, taking into account: (1) the recovery of the Chengdu region in economic recovery and a 30bp increase in 2017 in gdp 8.1 per cent in Sichuan Province; (2) the greater competitiveness and capital adequacy of the capital at the end of the Bank ' s liabilities and the availability of sufficient space for credit delivery; and (3) recent central and regulatory averages will release and replenish credit lines by, inter alia, de-qualization.
We expect the loan to increase at a higher rate than in the western part of the country, and we expect the loan to grow at a higher rate over the next two years. The difference is based on the assumption that, based on the balance at the end of the period, the company will have a net interest gap of 1.88 per cent for the first quarter and a slight fall in the ring at the beginning of the year (vs 2017,2.16 per cent). This is mainly due to the fact that, on the one hand, the company ' s investment style is more robust and prudent and portfolio-type assets account for total assets.
Debt costs have risen. Looking forward to a recovery in corporate lending throughout the year, with a 3.6 per cent increase in a quarterly round, it is worth noting the potential for higher lending ratios, improved interest differentials resulting from an optimized asset structure, and the relative easing of financial markets since 2018, which has helped to reduce the cost of indebtedness, and the firm’s good performance at the end of the debt is expected to continue, with the 18/19 net difference expected to remain stable.
Non-interest income growth assumptions: Chengdu bank net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 94.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis and is in a long period of growth on a lower base, influenced by the stronger banking regulations in 2017, with a 15.5 per cent decline in net corporate fees and commissions on a year-on-year basis.
The new financial regulations will continue to have some impact on the growth of corporate commission fees, so we do not think that there is a cost-earning ratio of 28.3 per cent in 2017 to 2.5 percentage points lower than in 2016. As revenue increases and companies increase their controls on cost-earnings, we expect to achieve a positive outcome in 2018-19.
Credit cost: In 2017, the credit cost of the Chengdu bank was 1.55 per cent, a decrease of 38bps from 2016, due mainly to effective control of corporate credit risk, steady improvement in asset quality, a decline in bad rate of 52bp in the same year, a decrease in company spending in 2017, and the continued gradual improvement in the quality of corporate assets in the future, taking into account the stability of the local economy, and corporate credit
The cost will decrease, and we expect a credit cost of about 1.45/1.30 per cent in 18/19 for Chengdu banks, mainly using comparable company laws, to value Chengdu banks against the current valuation levels of other listed municipal comptoirs, with a total of 8 market comptoirs and a total of 0.95x worth of dynamic pb in 2018, including Beijing, Nanjing, Ningbo, Shanghai, Jiangsu banks.
In view of the size and future growth of the Chengdu banks, we believe that their valuation levels should be based on a reference to the local bank (0.96x) and the Hangzhou bank (0.89x), taking into account that the net market ratio is around 21 per cent of the average value of the city ' s comptoirs and that the asset quality is slightly lower, with neutral ratings given for the first time.
Figure 60. Comparison of valuations of listed banks1 and the downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between industrial development and economic development.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macro-economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.2 Financial regulation is over-expected. Banking regulation has continued since 2017, with full coverage of internal and external banking regulations, all right?
At the same time, the merger of the Silver and Security Councils will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, enhance regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to fall at an accelerated rate. If tight regulation is tightened, industry’s business development may be constrained, thus affecting net profit growth.
In Sichuan province, where traditional industries account for a relatively high share of the economy, on average, corporate governance levels and risk-control capabilities are lower than in the advanced eastern regions, and risk exposure is likely to persist in some sectors in the context of continued national efforts to leverage finance and structural reforms on the supply side. If regional credit risk surges occur, this will lead to a concentration of business in Sichuan regions.
The quality of the Bank’s assets has deteriorated, thus affecting the growth of corporate profits.