“Build-in” integrated development, and the expansion of new and emerging industries accelerated 26/05/2023 Keyword: # cheaper than similar companies
The company’s predecessor, a railway soldier, has established industry leadership in the design and construction of highland railways, high-speed railways, highways, bridges, tunnels, and urban orbital transport projects. China’s iron construction is one of the world’s most powerful and large-scale integrated construction groups, with a first breakthrough in the number of new contracts in 2016.
In 2019, the number of new contracts was over 2 trillion, in 2022 the wealth of the world's top 500 companies ranked 39, in the world's top 250 contractors ranked 3 and in China's top 500 companies ranked 11th. In 2022, the total value of new contracts built was 3.25 trillion yuan, compared with 15.09 per cent.
(1) Engineering contracting operations: the traditional infrastructure has been steadily developing and the business structure has continued to optimize. In 2022, the number of new contracts for railway/road engineering-related operations grew by 30.20% and 52.29%, while the traditional capital projects have maintained steady growth.
There has also been a significant increase in the number of new contracts signed in the fields of field engineering, electrical engineering and water transport/electric engineering, respectively, by 95.27 per cent/290.73 per cent in 2022 and a significant increase in the contribution of water and electrical engineering. (2) Non-engineering contracting operations: accelerated non-engineering and expansion of new industries
In terms of investment operations, the Chinese Iron Construction Investment Group Limited, the China Iron Construction Kunlun Investment Corporation, etc., cover a number of areas, including transport, municipalities, environmental protection, etc., and have significant advantages in areas such as highway operations.
China's construction of a “investment-build-operate-sale” operating model on the market in iron construction contributes to the inventory of living assets and optimizes business indicators; in green environmental operations, China's construction of a focused watershed, integrated water management, the resourceization of building waste, water extraction and wind power at sea are among the areas in which project investments are carried out.
Finance, building, operating, maintaining a green low-carbon transformation path, green environmental business is growing faster.                  22
The “3+5+n” was formed in the form of a “3+5+n” out of the sea in a coordinated battle. Since 2019, China has had the highest number of new overseas contracts since 2019, with new offshore contracts of $306.50 million in 2022, representing 9.43 per cent of the total number of new contracts; and (2) a “one-way” policy led by China's “one-way” policy.
There has been a marked increase in our capital cooperation with countries along the way, and this year marks the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” with the prospect of a full daily round-up of 0.568 times the pb-lf, 4.967 times the p-ttm, a recovery at the bottom of the historical landscape of building and real estate development, and a “one-way” of related political and economic policies.
Building companies are expected to grow abroad, state-owned business reforms are accelerating, looking at the risks of continuing company valuations, expectations, state-owned reforms not advancing as expected, and new business expansion not expanding as expected.
1.1. The Chinese Railways Group Ltd., formerly a railway soldier, gradually developed into an integrated construction company, was formerly a Chinese People ' s Liberation Army (PRC) railway soldier and is now a very large construction enterprise run by the State Council ' s State Property Monitoring and Management Board, and on 5 November 2007 launched the establishment of China Iron on the sole initiative of Beijing.
China Iron Construction is one of the world ' s most powerful and large integrated construction groups. In 2016, for the first time, new contracts broke the trillion yuan mark, and in 2019, new contracts broke the $2 trillion mark.
In 2022, Fortune, the world's 500 largest corporations, ranked 39th, the world's 250th largest contractors, and China's 500th largest corporations, ranked 11th. Figure 1: China's history of iron construction
China's iron construction holdings are held by China Railways Construction Group Ltd., with 51.13% shareholding and actual control, with 51.13% shareholding by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. China's iron construction operations cover a wide range of engineering contracts, design consultancy, investment operations, real estate development, industrial manufacturing, material logistics, green environment, industrial finance and its components.
In addition, China ' s railways, roads, urban orbital transport, housing construction, and municipal orbital urban transport projects have a full-scale capacity to service the entire industry.
The year ranked 39th; successively selected “China Business 500” and 11th in 2022; securely ranked 3rd out of the 250 largest contractors in the world published in the United States “New Engineering Records” (enr); successively selected Enr “Global Engineering Design Enterprise 150” and 14th in 2022.
In 2021, under the Strategic Plan for the 14th Five-Year Development of China, "Building as the home, associated diversity, price leadership, and excellence in the overall development strategy of the world's most trusted integrated construction industry group", iron maintained its commitment to multiple and synergistic development, promoted green and green industries as new core industries, and promoted a “six-fold” approach in an integrated manner.
In 2022, China's iron construction accelerated the implementation of the 14th-Year Strategic Plan, continued to improve the three-tier strategic management system, consolidated the core strengths of the entire industrial chain, made the regional layout more rational, and continued to improve the 8-plus-n industrial development pattern and promoted industrial transformation and upgrading to accelerate construction.
China's 14th Five-Year Development Strategy and Plan
▪ The 8+n industry pattern is centred on "quality iron construction" and adherence to innovation as a driving force for development
We're trying to get to the "Four Steps" and we're working hard on engineering contracts, building architecture, diversity,
Integrated promotion of intensive development in accordance with "innovation, technology and technology " , design advice, investment operations,
Management, internationalization, "value orientation, excellence, real estate development, industrial manufacturing,
• Full implementation of a streamlined management approach that focuses on engineering, material logistics, green environment,
• The “8” focus on industrial finance
Good output, good performance, development becomes the most trustworthy, active targeting of digital transformation.
It's a world of quality, advanced management, world-class integrated construction that actively nurtures urban operations, culture and culture.
It's an industrial group. It's a strong, well-known, wide-ranging business. It's a firm, deep-deep international business.
"n" emerging products like travel, information technology, new, respected, sustainable materials, etc.
• Deeply promoting integration and synergy in the integrated construction of industrial groups, based on the creation of world-class enterprises.
1.2. Strong performance growth, driving the shift of firms towards high-quality development Sustained robust growth in the size of revenue collection. Thanks to rapid developments in domestic and foreign infrastructure, companies have been collecting and profiting over the past decade. Corporate ownership includes engineering contracting, surveying consultancy design, real estate development, industrial manufacturing.
Business and other operations, with a stable income structure as a whole. Sub-operationally, 1) Engineering contracting has been the core business of the company, with more than 75 per cent of all engineering contracting operations since 2004, and Māori contributions have been 60 per cent of all years. Māori and Māori share of real estate development operations have been historically low at 14 per cent and 7.88 per cent, respectively; 4) industry
The number of new contracts has increased steadily, and green environment operations have grown faster. In 2022, the total amount of new contracts in China for iron construction was $32,45,011 million, an increase of 15.09 per cent over the previous year. Of these, the highest share was in engineering contracting, an increase of 11.23 per cent over the same year; the fastest increase was in green environment operations, with new contracts in 2022 increasing by 50.39 per cent over the same period, mainly in China.
In 2022, the net operating cash flow of companies was 56,135 million yuan, which was 63,439 million yuan more than in the same period in 2021.
This is due to an increase in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services. The net present ratio is 191.39%, which represents a significant increase in the ability of companies to pay back in 2021 and an improvement in the quality of their operations. In addition, net corporate interest rates are on the whole upward trend, with a net interest rate of 2. Capital operations in 2022: optimized order structures and rapid growth in water and electricity engineering operations
2.1. Capital construction is an important pillar of “stable growth”, with housing structures expected to benefit from new forms of urbanization to optimize. 2.1.1. Capital construction “stable growth” contributes to the acceleration of physical capital landings, with industry concentration accelerating upscaling, and the Government's report on its work emphasizes steady growth to expand domestic demand, with a 5 per cent increase target for gdp for the year as a whole.
Agreeing to shift the word “stable” to a more robust macroeconomic policy, with active fiscal policies more effective and sound monetary policies more precise and robust, and that the report on government work sets a growth target of 5 per cent for 2023 gdp, with macro-policies prolonging the overall tone of steady growth, job stability, price stability and confidence, and focusing on expanding domestic demand,
With priority given to restoring and expanding consumption, government investment and policy incentives to effectively leverage social investment; and the Ministry of Finance’s proposal this year to arrange a special local government bond of $3.8 trillion. Achieving economic growth targets is challenging, and infrastructure is expected to remain an important enabler of this year’s economic growth.
Total retailing of social goods from January to April was equal to 8.5 per cent; total exports were equal to 2.5 per cent; investments in real estate development were active in launching major projects, and the second batch of projects supported by financial instruments in 2022 started in q4 last year and will contribute in kind to this year; at the end of the year, new national special-purpose debt was issued in January/March, amounting to $151.81 billion.
In the context of consumption and export data still in the process of repair, we expect that the economic growth target of 2023 will still need to be underpinned by infrastructure. The construction industry pmi has been consistently higher than the hub of recent years since the fourth quarter of 2022, and the industry has remained high.
In April, the construction industry business activity index was 63.9 per cent and the ring changed from March to -1.7 percentage points, with the weather level still high; the business activity forecast was 64.1 per cent and five months in a row, reflecting the construction of 2.1.2. Houses by the construction industry: completion benefited from accelerated heating of the turning-over building, new construction remained under pressure, and non-residential conditions were expected to expand.
Annual real estate development investment went down, and according to the National Bureau of Statistics, national real estate development investment was 13.3 trillion yuan for the year 2022, down 10.0 per cent for the year, with construction sub-investments of 7.9 trillion yuan, down 10.8 per cent for the same year; in industry, residential development investment was 1.01 billion yuan, down 9.5 per cent for the same year, and residential development investment was down 9.5 per cent for the same year.
The completion of the project benefited from the accelerated warming of the bail-out policy, and new construction continued to be under pressure. The cumulative construction of the country’s buildings was achieved in January-March/January-April, with +14.70 per cent/+18.80 per cent, respectively, and three consecutive months since the transfer in February 2022.
The improvement is expected mainly to benefit from the continued progress of the “survival building” policy; however, the cumulative decline in residential housing in January-March of this year compared to the previous year, and the new urbanization is expected to boost the demand for non-residential housing. According to the construction statistics yearbook, the construction sector in 2021 was 3.77 billion flats, compared with 5.7 per cent.
The proportion of dwellings completed fell slightly from 68.1 per cent in 2019 to 67.3 per cent in 2021; according to the Government's report, the rate of urbanization of the resident population was 65.2 per cent by the end of 2022 and the target of “urbanization of the resident population to 65 per cent” set out in the 14th Five-Year Plan was advanced.
New forms of urbanization need to be accelerated; in December 2022, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Housing issued the “14th Five-Year Plan for Scientific, Technological and Innovation in Urban Development”, which proposes “strengthened urban development patterns and urban spatial development studies”, “further development of integrated rural infrastructure”, among other things, and is expected to lead to an increase in the demand for public buildings in cities and to the promotion of non-residential housing.
2.2. Engineering contracting: the steady development of traditional infrastructure and continuous optimization of the operating structure
There are a number of areas such as electricity, housing construction, municipalities, bridges, tunnels, and airport terminal construction. The company has a brilliant 70-year history of designing and building over 50% of the country's high-speed railways and speed railways, more than 40% of the urban rails, about 30% of the high-level roads, and has set 50% or more of the construction standards for China's high-speed railways.
In 2022, new contracts were awarded for infrastructure projects such as the engineering-contracting industry, the investment industry, and the green and green industry, amounting to 2,804,547.6 million yuan, representing 86.43 per cent of the total number of new contracts, an increase of 16.20 per cent.
Housing works accounted for 33.58 per cent, railway works for 17.48 per cent, road works for 14.89 per cent, municipal works for 14.89 per cent, there has also been a significant increase in the number of newly signed bills in the fields of mining, water transport, airport works, electricity works, etc., and companies have continued to optimize their contractual structures and have been developing more rapidly in emerging areas.
The country ' s investment in railways slowed down somewhat, but remained high. Between 2017 and 2019, our investment in railways was 800 billion yuan, a decline of 5.08 per cent compared to the previous year. 10,000 kilometres grew to 165,000 kilometres in 2025; 38,000 kilometres of high-speed railways will run from 2020.
Corporate rail work orders have grown steadily, and the vanguards have been highlighted. Despite a decline in national rail investment, Chinese railway engineering orders have remained high, maintaining industry leadership and competitive advantage in railway operations.
In 2022, China’s new contract for the construction of railways in iron was RMB 49.2 billion, an increase of 30.20% over the previous year, benefiting from the start of the country’s heavy construction projects, companies making full use of the competitive edge of the industry, and orders steadily increasing. National road investment continued to increase, and China’s iron construction city continued to increase.
In China, iron construction is one of the largest road contractors in the country, focusing mainly on highways and high-level highways, and is good at building difficult road bridges and tunnels. In 2022, iron built in China followed policy planning, focused on priority lines, increased operational capacity and market influence.
In 2022, the number of new contracts for road-related operations was $417.6 billion, an increase of 52.29 per cent over the previous year. The size of new contracts for housing construction operations remained relatively stable. In 2022, the amount of new contracts for construction works in companies was $941.7 billion, a decrease of 3.65 per cent from the same figure, which was reduced by a decline in real estate development investment in 2022, but remained largely stable in size.
Figure 28: Number of new contracts and changes in the number of new contracts for the construction of iron construction in China (millions of yuan) Water and electricity engineering operations have grown rapidly and their contribution to the new contracts has increased significantly.
The new contract for the water transport project was $82.9 billion a year, an increase of 95.27 per cent, and China’s iron and steel projects closely followed the construction of the national water network, strengthening flood prevention, water resources, soil conservation and ecological construction projects, leading to rapid growth of orders. With regard to electricity, the company has made a breakthrough in the extraction of water reserves and the development of the offshore wind and wind market, accelerating the advance of electricity, water and wind.
The market share has expanded rapidly. In 2022, new contracts were awarded for company power works at $12.6 billion, an increase of 290.73 per cent over the same period. Water and electricity projects accounted for 10.93 per cent of new contracts awarded for company engineering in 2022, a change of 2.3. Speed up the expansion of non-engineering and emerging industries, and move towards integration into “construction camps”
The company responded positively to the national strategy, focusing on flow management, integrated management of the water environment, land restoration, extraction of water energy, wind power at sea, photovoltaics, etc., investing in projects, building, operating, leading the green upgrading of infrastructure, building industrial ecosystems, and helping green environmental operations.
Newly signed contracts for corporate investment operations in 2022 amounting to 751.3 billion yuan, compared with growth in 2022: investment operations: consistent with the integrated development of construction projects and increased specialization in investment and operations, China's iron construction has fostered excellent operating assets, created long-term and stable cash flows, and moved towards construction.
The two-wheel-drive transition has been upgraded, shaping new competitive advantages. In investment operations, China’s iron-building investment group Limited and China’s iron-for-Kun-Kun-Lun investments cover a number of areas, such as transport, municipalities, and environmental protection, with significant advantages in areas such as highway operations.
China Iron Construction Investment Group Ltd.: founded on 4 May 2011 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of China ' s iron construction industry to restructure and upgrade its industrial sector, improve its profitability, maintain growth and make efficient use of investment capital. The business areas of China ' s iron construction investment cover highways, cities.
The investments in rail transport, railways, integrated urban development, real estate development, municipal engineering, environmental protection and sewage treatment, port routes, cultural development, etc., and financial-type equity investment projects have accumulated over RMB 110 billion.
By 2024, it is expected that, in 2024, figure 33: Investing in iron construction will be used to run the industry-related business.
Investment in integrated urban development
Teh-Kun-Lun Investment Group Ltd., China: Established in 2016, operates in the areas of rail transport, highways, eco-environmental protection, urban development, and follows the national infrastructure industry and investment financing mechanisms, and has extensive access to new models, trades, new businesses such as tods, eods, road works, municipalities, etc.
The Cullen Group is China’s largest urban orbital investment unit, with a total range of 450 km in the construction and construction of orbital traffic; it is China.
One of the two major highway operators, the group invested more than 3,500 kilometres in the construction of the highway and operated more than 1,000 kilometres; it was one of the specialized platforms for ecological and environmental protection in the construction of iron in China, in areas such as ecological rehabilitation, river management, sponge cities, etc.; and it was an important player in the integration of iron construction into the new urbanization of China.
The size of the operations for the renovation of the old city, the development of the new city, and the operation of the urban business community exceeds 200 billion yuan.
Orbital traffic, urban development, new land development at Yunnan Kunming Worming Dam.
On the Yunnan Chu-Taiji highway, Chengdu-orbit traffic is on the positive side of the pilot area of the Hainan International Tourist Island.
The Yunnan Mae River - the terminal highway, the Ligang tourist train, phase one, the Hainan Watery Mountain Body Restoration Project.
Chongqing Track Traffic Line 18, Chongqing North High New Industrial Park, Chongqing Witch Creek-Zanxi Townside Highway.
The company’s franchises account for a relatively high proportion of intangible assets. The company’s franchises were larger, with 3.5% of the total assets in 2022.
The first single infrastructure in the west is marketed by Reits, which has a stock of living assets. The capital China is building assets based on Chongqing to Suning Highway Bot project (Gongqing Bot), which was marketed on 8 July 2022 and issued at a price of $9,586/.
According to the collection instructions, the infrastructure project is a high-speed concession for the Department of Public Works (Gongqing), with the freeway starting at the g93 sandy dam toll station, and the road to the sandy beach, with revenues from vehicle tolls, rents, etc., for the remainder of the life of the project at the time of issue, which is approximately 13 years.
Lureit is located in a dynamic economic circle with a higher rate of economic development, with an industrial cluster advantage. The project itself has been operating for many years, and revenue tolls have stabilized and its advantages are more pronounced.
Distribute the highways as bottom assets in order to achieve a short-term turnover of operating-type assets, helping to improve financial indicators such as profitability, asset liability, net asset return, free cash flow and optimizing the capital flow and asset structure; and, in the long term, to build an “investment-building-operate-sale” operating model that helps to build up a living stock of assets and
New sources of finance are available. The company’s first list of reits provides a good example. 2.3.2. Green environmental operations: a fast-growing new signature that provides new dynamic energy for company growth. In 2022, the State Treasury issued a report entitled “Concerning high-quality central enterprise development for carbon neutrality and work”.
The guidance, which sets out the carbon neutralization targets for carbon peaks for the 14th century and the 2030s of central enterprises, deploys such priorities as promoting green low-carbon transformation, establishing a green low-carbon industrial cycle system, building clean low-carbon safe and efficient energy systems, strengthening the technological and innovative application of green low-carbon technologies, and developing sound carbon emission management mechanisms.
China's iron-building has responded positively to the national strategy, which is based on the national strategy for major eco-environmental conservation and regional eco-environmental objectives, and has concentrated on the management of the focal basin, integrated water-environment management, the resourceization of building waste, pumping energy, wind power at sea, photovoltaics, and sewage points, in accordance with the national strategy for major eco-environmental conservation and regional eco-environmental objectives.
The green and green industry is becoming an important new growth point for companies. The green and green business model generates engineering benefits mainly through the construction of green and green projects.
The company’s green and environmental industries include: 1) watershed governance, integrated management of the water environment; 2) new energy-related operations, including photovoltaic power, wind power generation, water pumping, etc.; 3) construction waste resourceification.
Rapidly, the future green green business is expected to be one of China's main growth dynamics in iron construction. Figure 38: China's iron green business covers the tenth anniversary of the “one-way” initiative in many areas, and international engineering is accelerating recovery
The "One Way" initiative, launched in 2013, aims to build on bilateral and multilateral mechanisms already in place between China and the countries concerned, actively develop economic partnerships with the countries along the way, and engage in deep cooperation in key economic areas such as infrastructure, energy, transport, trade, etc.
With a high-quality development leading to further deepening of infrastructure connectivity and greater, higher-level and deeper regional cooperation, 2023 marked the tenth anniversary of the initiative to build a “one-way” with 151 countries and 32 international organizations, and over 200 “one-way” cooperation documents were signed over the past 10 years with countries along the route.
On March 10, 2023, China, Saudi Arabia, Iran,