In the first half of 2025, the household use of photovoltaics grew at a high rate, thanks to high-quality power generation assets.
Billion dollars, a significant increase of 49.80% over the same period. During this period, companies added more installed capacity than 9gw, power station trading over 3gw, and asset turnover efficiency continued to be optimized. 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices were held as of June 2025.
A total of 27.84gw (a 41.28% increase in the same year), of which 24.93gw was installed in households (a 43.48% increase in the same year), high-quality power generation assets became the company’s core profitable business.
On the domestic front, companies have transformed their partners by optimizing their channels and helping them to move more than 50 partners into the “billion dollar” category, and more than 190 deep-cultivated professional areas.
Upgraded; also focusing on high-potential industries, deepening cooperation with core customers such as China Connect and China in the field of digital infrastructure. In overseas operations, companies advance the “global localization” strategy, consolidate the core European markets, expand Asia-Pacific, West Asia-Africa, and nurture North American and Latin American markets, and have succeeded in doing so.
Data center logo projects such as Leather Massey, Hua, and others, break through the poles of the U.S. data centre and the Mexico Industrial Park power kit. The corporate low-pressure electrical industry as a whole, driven by the development of the data centre and new energy sources, is showing a resilient growth trend.
The company has a leading distribution network in the industry, with more marketing systems supported by the provincial capital city at the district and district levels.
At the same time, firms have a more competitive advantage as low-pressure appliances and home-based photovoltaics, as well as in terms of the scale of production and the streamlining of management, further consolidating the company’s fundamentals.
Investment proposals: adjust profit forecasts to maintain a higher rating than large markets. As a leader in the domestic low-pressure appliances and new energy industries, companies have long-term branding and cost advantages.
Demand has been growing at a high rate, and we have adjusted profit projections, with companies expected to achieve a net return from 2025 to 2027. Figure 2: Company operating income and growth (in billions of dollars, per cent) in a single quarter.
At the same time, the company increased its installed capacity by more than 9gw, the power station was traded by more than 3gw, and the turnover efficiency of its assets continued to optimize. As of June 2025, the total installed capacity of the photovoltaic station was 27.84gw.
This represents an increase of 41.28 per cent, with household installed capacity of 24.93gw (a 43.49 per cent increase over the same period); over the same period, a settlement of 1,472 million degrees, electricity revenue of $4,888 million, a 43.48 per cent increase over the same period, and high-quality electricity generation. Assets became the company's core profitable business.
Low-pressure electrical operations have grown steadily, and data centre products have made a breakthrough overseas. During the first half of 2025, the company’s low-voltage power operation received $11.97 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent over the previous year, while the Maori rate has stabilized at 29.42 per cent, with a robust overall performance.
With the “Billions of Dollars” in size, more than 190 deep-farming professions have been upgraded; while focusing on high-potential industries, they have deepened their cooperation with core clients such as China Connect and China in the field of digital infrastructure. In overseas operations, companies have advanced their “global localization” strategy, consolidated Europe’s core markets, and worked hard to expand Asia-Pacific, West Asia, and Africa.
The region, which has nurtured the North American and Latin American markets, has succeeded in obtaining data center markers such as the Palamus and the Huai River, which have led to the breakthrough of the United States data centre and the Mexico Industrial Park electrical appliance. Corporate low-pressure electrical operations have shown a resilient growth trend as a whole, driven by the development of the data centre and new energy sources.
The company owns a leading distribution network within the industry, forming a marketing system supported by the provincial capital city at its core and district level. The multi-layered system of channels and accompanying logistics services is the company’s long-term core competitiveness.
Low-pressure appliances and domestic photovoltaic industry poles, production scalability and management excellence are competitively strong, further consolidating the company’s business infrastructure. Investment proposals: adjust profit forecasts to maintain a “better than the big market” rating
The company has a long-term branding and cost advantage as a leader in the low-pressure electrical and new energy industries in the country. Based on the higher growth in demand in data centres and new energy industries downstream, we adjust profit projections, and the authors are expected to ensure that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author