Main battalion operations are growing robustly, data centre areas are continuing to advance the intelligent electrical industry, and multi-regional data centres overseas have made a breakthrough. 25h1 company smart power \triangleright
At the same time, companies actively expanded their high-potential areas and made significant breakthroughs in the field of wind power and storage energy; and in the digital infrastructure sector.
Actively promote business cooperation with China’s Connectb2b platform, and promote eco-cooperation among the three major operators to provide strong power and to continue to deepen joint research and development with China.
Regional markets in Asia and the Pacific, West Asia and Africa, fostering the development of regional markets in North America and Latin America: Asia and the Pacific region, pilot project for the acquisition of data centres such as the Palamus and Hua; North America region, deep-deep United States data centre, Mexican industrial gardening and electrical set-up operations to achieve breakthroughs in such areas as data centres.
Green energy continues to grow, and the profits of Cheyenne are significant. In a home-based photovoltaic operation, 25h1 is just right.
The country’s market has actively promoted deep-channel layouts, the construction of a protected river and the recruitment of nearly 3,500 Union agents; overseas markets cover core market operations such as Germany, France, Poland, Spain, Italy, etc. In addition, companies have actively focused on carbon assets.
The domestic market, which has taken the initiative to explore new patterns of development; the overseas market, which continues to accelerate diversification and promote multi-field business breakthroughs. Inverters can operate and continue to deepen the strategic layout of globalization.
Significant improvement in the performance ratio - 2025/05/01 - Market expansion of the terrestrial power station group chain inverters and storage energy systems to maintain three-phase inverse North America for many years.
First in number; in the European market, the innovative introduction of a panorama integrated solution resulted in several evaluations: 24q3 performance, improvement of quality of operations.
\triangleright Rating: 24h1 is good at profit level, low pressure continues to contract deep, and one quarter of the year 024 reports: cost continues to be optimized, low pressure deepens
The new areas, such as the data centre, continue to move forward, maintaining a recommended rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.