Satellite petrochemical (002648), c3 industry performance, bright eyes, waiting for the C2 launch company to come on board, satellite petrochemicals.
▪ Events: The company issued its three-quarter report for 2020, during which it achieved operating income of $7.75 billion, of which 2.78 billion was earned in the third quarter and quarter, a decrease of 2.91 per cent compared to the previous three quarters of the company, which was the largest in the country and the world's top five Acid manufactures
One billion people, at a high rate of 17.1 per cent over the same period, are the first propane-based industrial chain in the country to produce c3 c3 with a single-quarter profit boom.
The price of international crude oil is around $42 per barrel, the price of acrylic is on the chain after September, the project of ethane fission is under construction, it's on the rise, and the price of propane is low in three quarters, and the price of propane is on the low season of natural gas demand.
The break-up rate remains high at $3038 per ton. Adding to the “King 9” demand is a marked increase in paints, 2019-11 (planned) non-public equity fund-raising and downstream industry sales, while the global supply of acrylic acid is evident as a result of centralized overseas installation repairs.
The price difference is $2,400 per ton per quarter, and one at the end of the quarter.
The company, as the leader of the C3 industrial chain integration, has achieved a strong performance return from the overall landscape of the c3 industrial chain. The net return of $430 million in the first quarter of the third quarter has continued its excellent profitability since the second quarter.
The high profile of the 52-week stock price range c3 sector is sustained. With the upcoming launch of the 4-quarters company ' s 180,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and 300,000 tonnes/year acrylic ester projects, the company will further consolidate the c3 chain of industry.
The ethane fission project in Lienhuan is expected to be fed in the first quarter of next year. In the third quarter of the year, the construction of the winding dock at the Lienhuan base was successfully completed and the low-temperature tank area for ethane was delivered, resulting in a total equity/distributiona share (million shares)
Use. The successful arrival of the first ethane ship at the dock on October 12 marks the route of the U.S. export of ethane, which is now fully operational. The project ' s other construction works are accelerated and are scheduled to be completed by the end of October.
Installation and distribution of equipment. According to the plan, the first phase of the project will be fed in the first quarter of next year, and it is expected that the commissioning of the full drive will be completed by the beginning of the second quarter. The company is also actively promoting phase II of the project and is currently completing the six Bs required for phase II of the project.
The second phase of the project is planned for June 2022. The second phase of the project will be completed in June 2022.
The effect on production of ethane in the United States is only about 364,000 barrels per day, compared with 11.6 per cent of ethane in the United States, as a result of the dramatic decline in global crude oil prices ... and the supply of ethane in the United States is still adequate, compared with the current unseparable excess ethane of more than 1.25 million barrels per day.
In the context of the global petrochemical company’s massive loss in the first quarter, new ethane fission projects abroad have been largely delayed, alleviating the pressure of rising demand for ethane. The two bottlenecks in ethane pipeline transport and division capacity restrictions in the United States since 2021 are about to be lifted, which will help to raise ethane production in the United States.
Lit, the reasonable price of ethane in excess supply should be between US$ 140-300/tonne. Future heating of oil is a certainty event, and a rebound in oil prices will push up the cost of ethylene ethylene filamentation by pyrocephalic oils, and the price difference in ethylene-ethane cracks will gradually increase.
The project’s annual net profit margin is likely to be over $2 billion, and we see long-term profit prospects for ethane fission. Long-term cost advantages, maintaining the company’s “highly recommended” rating.
Satellite petrochemicals (002648); c3 industry shows a bright eye and waits for the C2 company to come to the stage, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports satellite petrochemical (002648), c3 industry shows a bright eye and waits for C2 company to go to the stairs, Xu Kullen.
Both undergraduate and M.A. were in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, the Third-Year Research Assistant for the Development and Management of Chemical Technology, the M.A. in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Qinghua, where they published three papers in journals such as Chemicalscience, ccschemistry, and members of the China Chemical Council.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.