Impacted by the epidemic, the net gain for the first three quarters fell by 2.2 per cent over the same period.
As a result of the epidemic, the net profit fell by 5.9 per cent in the previous three quarters, by 2.2 per cent in the previous three quarters, and the net profit from the non-contribution was 880 million dollars, or 4.0 per cent in the same period. Cash flows from corporate operations during the reporting period were the result of increased investment in the Cloud Harbour petrochemical company project and the Plum Lake petrochemical pae project.
The growth in corporate revenue and net profits is expected to rise steadily in the four quarters as domestic demand warms and the CLCOM project comes into operation. Pdh continues to have a positive impact, with new production in the c3 industry chain leading to growth in performance.
The supply of propane raw materials continues to be relaxed, and pdh devices produce propane at high temperatures. According to Wind, the average amount of polypropylene-based polypropylene in 2018 was $1590 and 1751 in 2019. We judge that, with shale oil and gas development, propane raw materials will remain consistently relaxed, and pdh, based on propane, will be profitable at high levels.
The company ' s c3 industrial chain currently produces 900,000 tonnes/year propane dehydrocylene (pdh), 450,000 tonnes/year polypropylene (pp), 480,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid and 450,000 tonnes/year acrylic acid, 220,000 tonnes/year dioxyhydrate, 210,000 tonnes/year textile chemicals, 150,000 tonnes/year high water-sorting resins, 21,000 tonnes/year organic pigment intermediates, which are widely applied downstream to space, electronic cores
The company’s integrated layout on the c3 industry chain is expected to continue to benefit from the pdh high.
According to the company ' s announcement, the annual production of 1.35 million tons of pe, 2.19 million tons of eoe, and 260,000 tons of acn joint plant projects are in the full-scale construction phase, using today ' s state-of-the-art patenting technology, with major designs largely completed, large-scale equipment installed; dock support, low-temperature storage tanks well advanced; and the simultaneous implementation of the American orbit project, according to Windd.
Data show consumption of 2.303 million tons of ethylene in 2019, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period, of which 2,052 million tons of domestic production, 2,51 million tons of imports, and 11 per cent of dependence on imports. As the cloudy harbour million tons of ethylene project progresses, we judge that the company will open up a new space for growth.
1 “Sat petrochemicals (002648); pdh climate re-emerges, and new energy delivery leads to performance growth” (20191027 ethylene acetylene prices have fallen; the speed of progress in the Even Cloudport project has slowed.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculation of the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with the People ' s Biological Securities, industrial research on the direction of petrochemical, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.