Shen Jia’s acquisition of pre-Haitian shares and the steady expansion of the window period suggested that “buy-in” companies issue a public announcement to purchase 24 per cent of the holdings of the Southern Oil Group through the issuance of shares.
In the context of the low real estate market, the company, as a large company, is better able to finance and maintain a steady pace of territoriality, which is expected to gain a higher share in the process of market integration.
Accelerating integration will facilitate the development of the pre-Haitian section of the company and raise the value of its high-quality assets. We expect the company ' s net profits to reach $6.06 billion and $6.66 billion, respectively, in 2022 and 2023, and the company will issue shares in the pre-Haitian block and raise matching funds: end-November.
After the Supervisory Board resumes the reorganization and refinancing of the M & As of listed enterprises, the company actively takes advantage of the window of time to issue a purchase and financing plan.
When the deal is completed, the company's fully-owned South Oil Group and its direct and interlocking share in the former sea industry will increase to 85.99%. Former sea industry will own approximately 806.2 million square metres of former Shenzhen Bay through the former sea-based investment of its subsidiaries.
This acquisition has further strengthened corporate control over the former Haitian block, and community development and operations have helped to speed up the development process.
The Department of Park Development and Operations, prior to this transaction, had a list of the main business and financial indicators of the companies listed after the transaction.
At the same time, the company will raise additional funds to issue shares up to 30% of the total equity of the company and up to 100% of the value of the shares issued.
Gold will be used for stock-based housing projects, construction of ex-sea business projects, replenishment of liquidity and debt service.
The pessimism of the real-estate market is expected to ease, and some of the backlog of rigid demand is expected to be released. But, with disruptions from the epidemic, the process of market recovery may be slow.