The proposed M & A of 71.30 per cent of the T-shirts, the strong alliance to accelerate the rise of the company - the São Paulo Stock Exchange Report: the company proposes to acquire 71.30 per cent of the T & T semiconductors and maintains a “strongly recommended” rating
The company issues a public announcement that the company intends to purchase the Xinhai semiconductor by issuing shares and paying cash, that the Xinhai semiconductor is a high-quality asset with greater profitability, that the inclusion of assets will further enhance the profitability of the public sector, and that strong cooperation will help to accelerate the company’s rise.
In the broader context of the acceleration of national production substitution and the outbreak of downstream terminal applications, the company will benefit fully from being a domestic model chip leader. For the time being, we maintain a profit forecast for the company, which is expected to be a promising market for parent power management simulation chips in 2019-2021, with a global market of $56.5 billion in 2026.
The power management chip is one of the most important products in the field of simulation chips and is found in almost all electronic products and equipment, widely applied in consumer electronics, network communications, industrial controls, etc., with responsibility for the conversion, distribution, monitoring, protection and other electrical energy management.
According to the data, China ' s power management chip market in 2018 was 68,153 million yuan, with a combined growth rate of 7.95 per cent over the last six years, and the overall growth of the industry is stable; moreover, according to the projections of TransparencyMarket Research, the global power management chip market will reach 56.5 billion dollars in 2026.
• The high-quality assets of the Quantico-Thai semiconductor, the strong association that will accelerate the rise of the company, the Quantico-Thai semiconductor, which focuses on the development of high-performance high-quality power management model chip products, and the research and development team, which is made up of senior industry experts, have accumulated a wealth of experience in the design of the simulation chip.
Before that, the Tate semiconductor had over 200 sales of analog chip products, adding an average of dozens of new each year.
The product, which already has more than 300 business customers, in 2019, generated $118 million, net profit. The O3 performance guide is more than expected, and the semiconductor country is more than $400 million. We believe that the company's merger and acquisition of the Quanty Tai semiconductor will help enrich the product structure and promote it.
The company continues to expand its consumption of electronics, communications equipment, engineering medicine, and so on.
In the market area, and at the same time in emerging applications such as active layout networking, new energy vehicles, and artificial intelligence, Long 2019-08-29, coupled with the accelerating trend of national production of core chips, it is expected to take advantage of the rapid rise of the wind.