Re-emerged with a simulation chip of accelerated net profit growth — St. State shares (300661.sz) issued a three-quarter report for 2019: 534 million operating revenues were realized by the company in the first three quarters of 2019
31 October 2019 66.05 per cent. Of this amount, q3-quarters realized operating income of $238 million, an increase of 58.13 per cent over the same period.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies now amount to 59.660 million yuan, an increase of 90.80 per cent in the previous three quarters of 2019. The net profits of companies increased significantly. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved $534 million in operating income, operating at a cost of $280 million and a Māori rate of 47.54 per cent, an increase of 1.78 pct in the same period.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the net profit rate rose significantly. The sales cost of the company fell by 7.24% per year for the first three quarters of 2019, by 0.78 pct for the same quarter, and by 4.23% for the management fee, by 0.71 pct for the same quarter. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company generated investment returns of $35,658,000, an increase of 122.57% for the same period, mainly due to the South Express for the Tate Semiconductor.
The company is committed to simulating chip research and development, with a steady increase in the cost of research and development. The company focuses on high-performance, high-quality simulation chip design and marketing, and currently has more than 1,200 product types covering signal chains and power lines.
Two main areas include operation magnifiers, comparison, sound/video amplifiers, analogue switches, flat rotations and interface circuits, small logic chips, ldo, dc/dc converters, ovp, load switches, led drives, microprocessor power monitoring circuits, motor drive and battery management chips.
The R & D cost is 16.81%, an increase of 0.7 pct, and the company’s R & D investment is relatively stable. The renminbi acquires 28.7% of the shares of the Xinhai semiconductor South Express, which is its first shareholder.
Over 100 species, such as stabilizers, overpressurizers, lithium battery chargers, mobile power soc, linear stabilizers, led drivers and ac/dc controllers, are applied in areas such as consumer-type electronics and industrial controls, which can complement and create synergies in the breakdown of products.
According to Sadie’s consultant, China’s simulation chip market in 2018 accounted for more than 50% of the world’s market for chips, and the market grew at a higher rate than the global average. For example, pre-national simulation chip firms were smaller, competitively dispersed, and the overall level of technology was lagging behind international advanced firms.
The company’s current market share is low in the area of simulation chips, and its future prospects will be better as technology accumulates and products become richer and more competitive in its own markets. The future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report, given that it has not been, and is not, associated with it in the past.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.