q3 Performance Directions are more than anticipated, and the logic of high-speed semiconductor nationalization — the performance of St. Paul's 3-quarterly report rating q3 is more than expected, with accelerated growth in performance and maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019: in the first three quarters of 2019, the company realized a net return profit of 110-124 million yuan, a 52-72% increase over the same period, with q3 achieving a period of net return profit. We believe that the acceleration in the national replacement of semiconductor core equipment and the outbreak of downstream terminal applications is a big context.
• The company's performance continues to be higher than expected, and the q2 performance is partly reflected in the current performance of q3 above expectations, in order to ensure the safety of the industrial chain after the event.
At present, the simulation chip market is monopolized by Euro-American and Japanese firms, with China's simulation chip self-sufficiency low and almost 90% dependent on imports. We believe that Chinese and other end-makers are continuing to promote the nationalization of the core device, and that the simulation of the national chip replacement will be a big move.
Intra-simulating chip taps, the gap between product performance, product type, etc., and foreign leaders like Texas instruments is gradually closing, with the prospect of a rapid rise in the country’s production-substitution wind. • In the field of deep-farming chip simulations, companies are increasingly investing in research and development, and are expected to replicate the ti growth path.
The company is mainly engaged in high performance simulation chip design and marketing, with two major types of signal chains and power management over 1,200 products. The company continues to increase its R & D investment, with the company ' s R & D costs in 2016-2018 accounting for the domestic simulation chip lead, which thrives in the wind.
In addition, the company's M&A acquisition of the Thai semiconductor and Dalian Alpha is complementary and has a clear synergy in the field of poweric and is expected to replicate the growth path of the Texas instrument, which is growing and growing. We believe that the company continues to expand its consumption of electronics, telecommunications equipment, and engineering-controlled medicine.
There are marketed areas and, at the same time, dynamic layout networks, new energy cars, artificial intelligence, and so on, are emerging areas of great growth in the future.