Communion shares (300661): M & D two-wheel drive, national production replacement contribution acceleration, public st. shares
In 2019, a company focused on high-performance simulations of integrated circuit cores, the company issued an announcement that it was expected to return a net profit of 0.56 to 0.61 million in the third quarter of 2019.
The main reason for the increase in profits is the company’s active expansion of its business, and the company’s growth in its output is the growth of its profits.
The general use of appliances, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, etc., can result from an increase in the volume of sales and corresponding growth in business income.
Research and development (R & D) invests in technological strengthening, and domestic competitive advantages are evident. Companies are emerging electronics in the area of domestic simulation chips, medical instruments, auto electrons, and wearing equipment, smart homes, etc.
The technological advantages of leading firms in the areas of signalling chains and power management are clear, with an advantage in product prices and consumer expansion. Companies maintain high R & D inputs over the long term, with R & D costs accounting for 18% of revenue in the first half of the 19th century, ensuring that firms remain competitive.
To fully benefit from domestic substitution, the company’s products continue to be released. In the broader context of domestic substitution, companies have made payments and cross-stocking presentations: fast-tracking through the certification of customers like China, backed by technological advantages, to successfully reach high-end customers.
Supply chain. On the one hand, the price space for corporate products has been raised, while on the other hand, the ratio of high Maori output to output has increased, product structure has improved, and product profitability has increased.
Tei 28.7% equity acquisition, which contributed $4 million to the parent company in the first quarter of this year, up to $7.3 million in the second quarter, a 82% increase in the ring. It is expected that the third quarter will continue to contribute to the company, so, with multiple internal and external factors, the third quarter has continued its high profit growth in the second quarter.
Research assistant: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
São da Boa Vontade (300661); M&A research and development double-wheel drive, national production replacement contribution acceleration, company performance exceeding expectations.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports St. State shares (300661); M & A R & D double-wheel drive, national production replacement contribution acceleration, company performance exceeding expectations
The research assistant gives an overview of the Master of Financial Sciences of the People’s University of China, who joined the East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.