National gold foliage urities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
In the three-quarterly report, the company announced a three-quarter performance forecast, with a net return profit of $109-124 million achieved by the company during the reporting period, a replacement of beneficiary production and a sustained high three-quarter performance. The company ' s performance of 2019q2 is back on track for growth.
After that, q3 continued to grow at a high rate, with companies acting as a scarce, pure simulation chip-design enterprise. Companies have a rich variety of products, with more than 1,200 products available for sale, covering mainly signal chains and power management domains.
1. Deep Farming Simulation ic has a thick and thin hair, and National Production Substitution of Chips in the fields of electronics, industrial control, etc., has accelerated overall, with a rising share while actively expanding new applications, and growth is expected to continue in the coming years, driven by nationalization and the expansion of new products.
Simulates the high-stamp, snowy track, and national production space. Simulations have high thresholds, market segmentation, long product cycles, relatively low capital inputs, and a stable pattern of profit, and modelic accounts for about US$ 50 billion in semiconductor markets. From a regional perspective, China’s market is growing faster.
In terms of market distribution, the ratio of communications to automobiles is increasing, with the power-management model accounting for nearly 60% of the market, the most important market. The main overseas giants now dominate the competition market, the built-in + extended barriers to corporate competition, and the trend towards national substitution as an opportunity for corporate development.
Research and development teams are strong, and spending on research and development continues to rise. Research and development in 2019h1 accounts for up to 18.35% of revenue, consistent with international giants like Texas instruments. With sustained innovation in research and development, companies produce on average over 200 new products a year, which will be expected to sustain their performance and maintain a high Māori rate.
Exploiting: In 2018, the company acquired 28.7 per cent of the shares of the main power source management, which not only generated $11.4 million in investment revenue for the company in the first half of 2019, but also enhanced the horizontal integration of the Saint State in the area of simulating chip operations, further refining the company's industrial fabric.
In addition, with the maturity of the company’s product performance and its increased recognition, the company’s flagship as a national product simulation will benefit deeply from the trend of national production substitution in the semiconductor sector. The benefits of the ongoing domesticization of corporate products in the context of the trade war will increase the profit forecast.
Xing Ji-won points, then averages the final rating as the average market investment