Congregation (300661: product upgrading continues to support high performance growth, the company works three quarters.
The company is a very new company that specializes in high-performance simulation of integrated circuit cores.
In the third quarter of 2019, the company collected $238 million, with a wide range of instruments, audio/video amplifiers, analog switches, etc.
The net profit from the non-mortality is 56 million yuan, an increase of 108.36% from the previous year.
Medical devices, auto electrons, and appliance devices, smart homes, etc., are emerging electronics. Businesses are not very active in the nationalization of simulated chips.
In the next three to six months, a major issue is that the manufacturer speeds up the import of home-grown simulation chip parts. With advanced technology, higher product performance, and growing product lines, the company is moving rapidly among large domestic customers.
The company's many high-end products are imported and its performance is growing more resilient. The company's technological advances, debt and cross-share presentations: some long R&D cycles, high unit prices, life cycle high-end simulations are being validated.
The company maintains high R & D inputs and continues to develop its base. The share of R & D inputs in the first three quarters of the company has remained above 17%, and the performance, stability, and recognition of the company’s products has been increasing.
In addition, the company actively attracts home-to-country microchip simulations, many of its experienced overseas models, and the improvisation of chips into the State of St. Helena has led to growing corporate research and development. As a result, three quarters of the year, driven by a combination of internal and external factors, have seen a two-quarter increase in profits.
Research assistant: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
São da Boa Vontade (300661: product upgrades sustain high performance growth, the company outperforms expectations in three quarters, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports St. State shares (300661): product upgrades sustain high performance growth, and the company outperforms expectations in three quarters.
The research assistant gives an overview of the Master of Financial Sciences of the People’s University of China, who joined the East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.