The Postal Bank reported three-quarters of 2024: Recovering profits up and back, agent rate adjustment for profit, Zhang Xiaohui
On the basis of the “three farmers”, the Postal Bank has continued to increase its support for the real economy and has increased its lending to high-technology manufacturing, strategic and emerging industries, specialized and new industries, inclusive finance, and green finance, with faster growth in the size of corporate lending. At the retail level, the Postal Bank has continued to increase its focus on rural revitalization.
At the end of 2024q3, retail loans reached 4.7 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the same period. In the area of three agriculture, the Postal Bank responded positively to the rural revitalization strategy, focusing on industrial and population villages, promoting the networkization of credit villages.
At the end of q3, the balance of the loans was 2.22 trillion yuan and 1.58 trillion yuan in inclusive microloans. Against the background of the shortfall, there was a pressure to reduce interest differentials and income profits.
The average interest rate on interest is 1.49%, a decrease of 8bp from the previous year. The main factor is the continuation of the mechanism for optimizing the development of value deposits and promoting the optimization of the debt variety, duration and interest rate structure.
Client aum is over $16 trillion, an increase of $1.15 trillion from the end of the previous year. 2024 of the Postal Bank reported that a cost-saving and profit-contribution adjustment to the public loan to the savings agent rate in September was expected to be sustained.
The savings agent fee for operating expenses increased by 8.53 per cent over the same period by $60,860 million, mainly as a result of the growth of the proxy network, the increase in the q1 cost of public loans.
At the end of 2023, the savings agent rate was 1.24 per cent, falling year after year, down 18bp from 2016. At the end of September, the deposit rate was in line with the deposit agent rate.
This was based on a passive adjustment based on a 2023 proxy savings deposit, which, based on adjusted slotting rates, reduced the combined rate of agent fees in 2023 from 1.24 per cent to 1.08 per cent for the post office, and 16bps, which resulted in some cost savings, which were offset by a lower interest rate on bank deposits.
The future savings agent rates are expected to continue to decline and reduce their cost pressures.cindasecuritiesco.,ltd
At the end of q3, the rate was 0.86% compared to the first half of the year.
At the end of the year, 2bp. The rate of non-performing loans was 0.79%, down from 3bp in the same period last year. The coverage rate fell to 301.9% compared to the end of q1.
Prospectives for profits: The Post Office maintains a retail industry position, long years of deep farming in the field of agriculture, growing marginality of harvests, improved storage capacity. Poor performance rates are excellent, asset quality is generally robust and risk offsets are available.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.