Postal Bank's savings agent rate has been rapidly revised, helping to stabilize the cost-earning ratio.
On the evening of 30 September, the Postal Bank announced that it and the Postal Group agent would adjust the pricing of savings agency fees for deposit-taking operations. In its view, the Postal Bank absorbs personal deposits through the Postal Group web site and pays for savings agent fees.
Sub-agent rates, based on data static estimates for 2023, would reduce the combined agent rate of the Postal Bank from 1.24 per cent to 1.08 per cent, and savings agent fees would decrease by $15.1 billion. The static calculation of adjusted savings agent fees in 2023 would be 4.0 per cent lower than in 2022 and lower than the growth in operating income of the Postal Bank in 2023, which would help to change the past rise in corporate cost revenue compared to the continued increase, and we expect that the company’s future cost-revenue ratio would remain stable.
The Bank will also actively consult with the Postal Group to initiate proactive adjustment efforts in due course, taking into account market interest rate changes, real business needs of the Bank, growth in savings agent fees and growth in the Bank’s revenues. This will help to increase the marketization of agency fee pricing.
The special thing about the Postal Bank, compared to other commercial banks, is that the Postal Bank, in addition to operating through its own network, entrusts the Postal Group and provincial postal companies with the use of its approved network for obtaining a financial licence as an agent for a part of the commercial banking operations, such as personal deposits, debit card operations, surrogate funds, personal property, etc.
By the end of the second quarter of 2024, the Postal Bank had a total of 39,300 sites, of which approximately 81% were proxy sites. The Postal Bank had approximately 69% of its active personal clients, 80% of its personal deposits, and 78% of its personal client aum from agency finance.
The broad idea behind calculating the savings agent fee is that savings deposits for different periods are subject to different agent rates, and eventually receive a total savings agent fee based on the balance of the various deposit balances and the corresponding agent rates. We can estimate a combined agent rate roughly using the “saving agent fee/agent deposit daily balance” and a combined agent rate of 1,24 per cent in 2023.
Figure 1: Consolidated agent rate of the PSB. Future cost-earning ratios are expected to remain stable, as this adjustment lowers the CSL 16bps when the average net spread fluctuations in the four major lines exceed a certain range, in accordance with the Letter of Agent Agreement signed between the PSB and the Postal Group in 2016.
Banks and postal groups should agree to adjust agency rates. In 2022, the scenario triggered, and the reserve bank adjusted agent rates that year. This scenario triggered again this year, and the agency rates need to be adjusted again. In the future, adjustments will continue to be triggered when the average net spread in the four major lines is higher than 2.23% or less than 1.37%.
The adjustment rate will be reduced from 1.24 to 1.08 per cent, and the savings agent fee will be reduced by $15.1 billion. The static calculation of savings agent fees in 2023 will be 4.0 per cent lower than in 2022 and lower than the growth in operating income of the Postal Bank in 2023, which will help to change the past rise in corporate cost revenue, which we anticipate will remain stable in the future.
The adjusted slotting rates are effective from the date on which they are approved by the Shareholders Assembly, but the savings replacement charges are settled at the adjusted slotting rates for the period from 1 July 2024 to the date on which they are approved by the Shareholders ' Congress.
The Letter of Credit Agreement signed in 2016 between the Postal Bank and the Postal Group also defines the proactive adjustment of the rate of savings agents, i.e., that the Bank and the Postal Group can adjust the rate of the slotting rate according to the actual operating needs, among other factors. The Postal Bank announcement states that the application of the active adjustment mechanism will be strengthened in 2025 and beyond, with periodic evaluation, taking into account changes in market interest rates, the actual operating needs of the Bank, and the increase in the cost of savings agents.
We have already taken into account the impact of the agency rate adjustment in our earlier profit projections, where the company is expected to make a slight adjustment to the profit forecast based on specific options.
A weak macroeconomic situation may have a negative impact on the quality of bank assets. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party’s approval or influence, through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future