Postal Bank (601658) Savings agent buffer, deposit interest reduction hedge loan end impact Reason for reporting: Significant matters
Events: Due to a significant change in the interest rate environment, the savings agent rate triggers a passive adjustment, and the company adjusts the savings agent rate accordingly, resulting in a marked decrease in the combined rate. Moreover, the company lowered the deposit holding rate on October 17 by observing that it was the largest single deposit reduction in recent years, with a more pronounced impact on the housing interest rate and the lpr down.
This proxy rate adjustment seeks to balance the retention of core deposit status with incentives to absorb low-cost deposits, with a combined rate down by about 16% from the last adjustment. Based on the average net spread change - 13.97% - for the last three years, the proxy savings rate is adjusted according to the following rules: (1) deposits of less than one year (excluding one year) are compared to agency deposits
High (27.48 per cent in 2023), lower interest rates, with slotting rates adjusted in a manner similar to the benchmark. (2) Liquidity in one year, with slotting rates adjusted at a smaller scale than the benchmark. (3) The ratio of deposits for the biennium and the three-year period is greater than the benchmark.
Measured on the basis of a 2023 proxy savings deposit, the adjusted combined rate has fallen to 1.08% (as shown in figure 1), which is expected to release elasticity of performance compared to the adjustment program’s “saving agent rate is tied to the rate of increase in revenue”. While the PPB bank’s rate of increase in revenue has maintained its advantage in the big business, the bank savings agent fee is less synchronized with the rate until this downward adjustment (first half)
The increase in the former is significantly faster than in the latter year, as shown in figure 2), leading to a higher overall cost of profit than in the peers. This adjustment of costs to future generations will significantly ease and will increase less than operating income: in 2023, savings agent fees are still reduced by $4.205 billion, or 4.01 per cent, compared with savings agent fees in 2022, as measured by the increase of $1.06 trillion in savings deposits.
Quick, focus on savings agent optimization - companies optimize passive trigger mechanisms and increase the sensitivity to trigger changes in interest-rate chains.
The benchmark is relatively lagging and does not reflect changes in the market environment in a timely manner over the last 10 years. The combination is strong and the end-of-the-debt advantage is maintained - the current trend in the spread of interest rates in the banking sector is such that the proposal is reduced to reflect current interest rates in a more timely manner in order to trigger the upper and lower limits.
>The impact of a new round of interest cuts on hedge stock housing loan interest rates and lpr downfalls is evident. This round covers interest cuts over periods (see table 2), which we observe are considered to be the largest single deposit cuts in recent years. Of these, 5bps are down, 25bps are down on schedule, 40bps are down on agreement deposits, and 5bps are down on call in one day and 7 days are down on call deposits, respectively.
It is obvious that the 7bps, or about 14bps, each, will be raised, and it is expected that there will be a clear match between mortgages on hedge q4 deposits and a drop in lpr for profit projections and investment proposals: benefit from a downward adjustment in savings agent rates and deposit rates, cost-side and income-side pressures will be significantly reduced, and companies will have greater room to move to cope with upward pressure on credit risk and to release upward elasticity.
Table 1 Postal Bank savings agent rates adjusted by slotting range of 8~33.8 bps, as shown in figure 1 below, have reduced the reserve bank ' s combined savings agent rate to 1.08 per cent. Appendix: forecast values for three major statements
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.