The sale of polyurethane taps has continued to grow, and the decline in profitability has slowed down.
In the case of polyurethane, the company is currently the world's largest supplier of mdi and tdi, with an active capacity of 3.8 million tonnes/year and 1.11 million tonnes/year, respectively, all invested in construction projects.
On the basis of ensuring the steady operation of the original device, the Van Hinbo and Van Huxemdi augmentations were completed, the production capacity was expanded and new fields of application were constantly being developed to maintain healthy development.
In 2024, the production and sales of fine chemicals and new materials increased by the same amount as in 2024.
The effect of the material price increase, with both the company polyurethane and the fine chemical Māori rate down by 1.54 pct and 8.64 pct, respectively, respectively, affects the company’s net return to the mother.
Improved supply and demand, and the opening up of new products for new projects
Trends. The company’s polyurethane chain extension and accompanying projects are being built, staff costs are being increased, and costs such as depreciation of buildings and buildings are being increased, resulting in an increase in the overall cost rate.
The company relies on a world-class po/ae integration device and a large ethylene device to continue to expand the c2, c3, c4 industrial chain and value chain in 2024 and 2024, respectively.
In 2025, the company successfully drove a one-stage pdh device in Manchuria and a 250,000-ton/year-old smoke station, expanding the company’s business and industry chain map. In addition, the company formed a joint venture with the Bolo Chemical and Nordic Chemical giants during the year.
The company's short-term performance is under pressure, but the country's scarcity of polyurethane products remains unchanged, and the company's leadership will be further consolidated by the introduction of new production capacity after delivery.
Price fluctuations in raw materials, products; macroeconomics less than expected; industry competition; production capacity less than expected.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.