HDZ (600309.sh) Basic chemicals polyurethaneii Profit short-term pressure, project push for long-term development
Events: Volkswagen Chemical 2024 and IQD 2025, yielding $182,069 million in 2024, geopolitical instability, ongoing regional conflicts, deep restructuring of the global economic landscape, accelerated restructuring of industrial chains and supply chains, increased trade protection measures in selected countries and regions, increased international trade tensions and global economic growth
Low. As a result of weak market demand, high energy prices and increased trade barriers, the petrochemical industry generally slowed down, competition increased, product prices went down, and business efficiency was under pressure. The splits kept growing, with polyurethane, fine chemicals and new materials sold and revenues increasing in double numbers.
Long, but the Māori rate has declined, and the Pulse plate sales revenue has increased and the Māori rate has increased steadily. At the same time, the company 2024 Ma Hongyong has reported a total profit of $1.832 billion.
The company has formed a highly integrated, deeply integrated cluster of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials, and it has been active in dealing with uncertainties in global economic trade.
In April 2024, the Fujian Industrial Park mdi facility completed its production capacity from 400,000 tonnes.
Technology expansion up to 800,000 tonnes/year; in December 2024, the Ningpo Industrial Park mdi facility completed production capacity from 1.2 million watts of chemistry: sound operation, supported by a new project in an orderly manner
In May of that year, the Special Polyether Project came into production. Polyurethane plate, with a PUR capacity of 6.5 million tonnes per year reported in 2024 and a capacity utilization rate of 88%, the company is currently the world ' s largest supplier of mdi and tdi: of which mdi has a capacity of 3.8 million tonnes per year, accompanied by a new technology expansion of 700,000 tonnes per year in Huahua Fukujimdi, expected to occur in the second quarter of 2026.
To be completed, the global mdi capacity will reach 4.5 million tonnes/year: 1.11 million tonnes/year for tdi, while the second set of 330,000 tonnes/year tdi project is expected to be completed by May 2025, when the total capacity of wanwatdi will reach 1.44 million tonnes/year for polyether polyols, another key ingredient in the polyurethane industry, and isocyanate.
There are strong synergies, with the company ' s total polyether production capacity of 1.59 million tons. The petrochemical business plate, a world-scale po/ae integration and a large ethylene device, is expanding the c2, c3 and c4 industrial chain and value chain and is committed to becoming the most influential high-end hydrocarbon and derivative supplier with a unique competitive advantage; and the tobacco industry.
In 2024, projects such as Campo/ae integration project 2.190,000 tonnes/year, with 96% capacity utilization, PURE industrial chain I in the smoke station industry project, with a capacity of 3.53 million tonnes/year, with 100% capacity utilization; one-time pdh project in Huanhua Punley completed construction and achieved a one-time success with product quality leading the industry; in early 2025,
One-time success of the 250,000/year ldpe device at the Mandarin Station will provide the firm with a solid foundation for entering the high-end polyolefin industry.
Operational modules such as Science and Technology Ltd., which in 2024 were designed to produce 600,000 tonnes/year pc and 160,000 tonnes/year pmma, with a capacity utilization rate of 78% and 73% respectively.
In the forward-looking fields of science, synthetic biology, electrochemistry, specialized materials, etc., work with more than 30 recognized higher education institutions to promote technological innovation and transformation of results in the field of chemical materials. The company invested $4.50 billion in research and development throughout 2024, mainly around the upgrading of existing installations, breakthroughs in high-end chemicals, batteries.
In terms of upgrading existing installations, companies have introduced and introduced new technologies, such as ultra-low hydrochloric acid ratios, to break through installation bottlenecks, to boost mdi and tdi devices, and to maintain global leadership in corporate mdi and tdi products; and to further optimize the entire process of the petrochemical industry chain, the pochp device list.
The suite is the largest in the world, using new polyols, leading the industry in all indicators. With regard to the breakthroughs in new high-end chemical materials, the technologies developed by companies, such as poe, lemon formaldehyde, va, special isocyanate, polyurethane sequesterants, etc., are all industrialized and the installations successfully driven and functioning well.
In sustainable development technology research and development, companies continue to develop the degradation material industry and accelerate the development of low-cost programmes; and promote the recovery of polyurethane and the creation of full product life.
Qualitative service programmes; advancement of co. Resource-based programmes are on the ground to contribute to low-carbon economic development. Quantified chemical polyurethane status, continued expansion of petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials production, continued technological expansion and deeper growth in research and development reserves. As a result of changes in the macro-environment and industry landscape, I