Incident: On 14 April 2025, the annual report 2024 and the first quarterly report \triangleright 2024, issued by Huenhua Chemical, maintained a high rate of increase in product sales and a decline in the sales ring ratio of 25q1.
\triangleright achieved 5.64 million tons of sales in the year, i.e. 15.34 per cent in the same year, 5.47 million tons in the petrochemical series, q1, 1.45 million tons in the polyurethane series, i.e. 8.09 per cent in the same year, ring ratio - 5.84 per cent; petrochemical system
Liu Hae-young, 1.33 million tons sold, +1.44 per cent, ring ratio - 5.00 per cent, fine chemicals and new materials.
The company’s research and development results have been on the ground and its operations have continued to grow. The company has continued to develop \triangleright excellence in garden installations, to develop new technologies such as the introduction of ultralow hydrochloric acid ratios, to improve the quality of its products and to maintain them at the same time that they are significantly reduced.
The company continues to break through the key technology of fine chemicals, high-end chemicals and new materials for high-end chemicals.
The priority business lead is expected to expand further. By the end of 2024, the company had mdi capacity.
\triangleright up to 3.8 million tons, and with the completion of the build-up of Fujimdi technology in 2026, the company's mdi capacity will reach 4.5 million, 3,000 watts of chemistry (600,309.sh) tracking point: the Fed.
Tens of thousands of tons have become China’s leading, world-class polyether polyol supplier. The petrochemical business started manufacturing in 2024 on a semi-annual basis in 2024 on a pilot basis on a pdh project, in early 2025 on an ethylene II project, and the ldpe device started operating on a car.
Review: Three major business lines have grown steadily, priority projects have been successfully launched and a joint venture with Abu Dhabi State Petroleum, Nordic Chemical and Bolo Chemical was established in July 2024 to build polyvinyl hydrocarbons integration facilities, and the profitability of petrochemical operations is expected to increase gradually.
5. Mandarin Chemical (600309.sh) In-depth report: Good year.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.