The Sini Mountain Signals Convergence of Mandarin Chemical (600309.sh) Polyurethane (PUR)
The same growth in technology conversion and marketing, and the increase in cost control capacity and product competitiveness
Polyurethane (PUR) has made a significant contribution, with a rapid increase in the operation of fine chemicals and new materials. 2024 \triangleright Market data: 18 April 2025
The revenue from the ammonia series, petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new materials series continues to fall down 758.44, 725.18, respectively. The sales volume of the company’s main products increased on a year-on-year basis, but was affected by the fall in product prices.
The construction of the industrial parks is on schedule for completion, and the construction of the Ethylene II project is progressing steadily. Polyurethane plates, the mdi plant in the Fujian industrial park can be converted from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year, and the Ningbo industrial mdi device completed its production from 1.2 million tonnes/year to 1.5 million tonnes/year.
With the additional 700,000 tonnes/year of technology re-enhancement, expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2026, the second set of 330,000 tonnes/year tdi project is expected to be completed by May 2025.
The tpu III, Poe, Peba, polycarbonate diol (pcdl) project was successfully operational and the ms and xlpe projects were steadily moving forward and were expected to become operational in 2025.
At 2.5% of revenue, Wang Jin-su applied for 1220 patents for domestic and foreign inventions throughout the year.
649 items. The company uses the battery material business as a second growth curve, with three main negative material flow-through, while the material is continuously developing new technologies for differentiation and accelerating technological upgrading. \triangleright
The new cost-control advantages and the increased competitiveness of products maintain the “buy-in-b” rating. Prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly, capacity-building is not as fast as expected, trade friction increases, macroeconomy \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.