Quarterly review in 2025: performance meets market expectations.  Events: 25-year quarterly report, company q1 returns 3.23 billion yuan in 25 years, corresponding to +21.4 per cent, net profit from mother +450 million, compared to +22.9 per cent, net profit from non-mother +440 million.
• Break-through of super-high-pressure markets in the network and wait outside the network for new items to expand the market ceiling. 1) Net-based markets, high growth in electricity network investment, q1 grid infrastructure completed at $95.6 billion or +25 per cent, grid-connected countries tendered 750kv mix of appliances to achieve 750kv product market zero-1
Break, the share of high-end products continues to rise, further increasing the Māori rate of online operations. 2) Out-of-grid markets, where web-based products such as company sscs have started to be delivered and put into use in 24 years. With the increase in the share of new energy installed, network-based storage and sscs are expected to become new sources of energy.
The company’s offline market ceilings are further expanded by the company’s new needs, company cards leading, combined with traditional products such as transformers, high voltage switches, and relay protection. The demand for overseas power grids is high, and tariffs do not affect the company’s operations.
Tariffs add up to the layers of our export products, but due to demand from the U.S. domestic manufacturing industry for a return to +ai development, and the need to build up additional loads + old power equipment, we believe that high-pressure power is still available on the international market, and that leading firms like Siemens, Japan Energy, etc., have a long life of expansion.
The cost of the company’s 25-year q1 period is “Study Electric (002028): 2024.
Evaluation: Overachievement of year-round targets, operating the alpha+ industry Cash for buying goods and receiving labour payments increased by $902 million over the same period in the previous year and paid to employees
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s 25-27 years net return profit forecast for the three major financial projections for Sintsu Electric, and Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.