\triangleright contract order of $20.6 billion (excluding taxes), 25% increase in the same year; 15 billion gain in the same year
Realization of new contract orders of $26.8 billion (excluding taxes), an increase of 25 per cent over the same year; collection of $18.5 billion, with companies actively setting up new products and achieving better results.
Plumbing, 2024, major subsidiary thinking high voltage switches (principally less than 750 gis and gil) Xu Jin Cheol, e.g. high voltage electrical appliances (principally 750kv and below, high voltage breakers, high pressure isolation switches)
2,217 million yuan, 18.04 per cent increase in the same year, $396 million in profits, 23.30 per cent increase in the same year; Ideas-Henzi senser (prime product 500 kv and above, hyperpressure currents, photoelectric sensors, hyperpressure totor tubes, etc.) to achieve operating income of 1,267 million yuan, 26.60 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 228 million dollars, etc.
In addition, there has been considerable progress in the company's super-cancer business, which has been rated as showing a sharp increase in performance, benefiting from the need to build a global grid, in the area of vehicle-borne power sources, in the successful acquisition of major car company fixation projects, and in the same static state of power systems.
A major breakthrough was achieved in the context of innovative applications such as the growth of the 2025/01/19 step camera (ssc) and web-based back-up power supply.
Overseas operations have continued to grow, with a sharp increase in revenue. Over 24 years, the company’s overseas market has generated 3,122 million yuan, an increase of 44.67 per cent over the previous year, maintaining it at a high level of 24.06 per cent compared to the company’s overall growth rate, raising the share to 20 per cent.
Assessment: 24h1 performance met expectations, profitability steadily improved, breakthroughs were made in a number of national markets, including in the United Kingdom, Italy, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, and multiple products passed through -2024/08/19.
The country’s certification of qualifications is expected to continue to benefit from the associated demand growth driven by global clean energyization. \triangleright’s 23-year orders exceeded targets and overseas operations grew at a high rate
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.