China's Small Commodity City, the world's supply chain, the global whole chain.
# Second Curve # City Gains are below the historical average of the last 10 years # # Small Commodity City runs the world's largest small commodity amplifier — Yeu International Business and Trade, my country.
Manufacturing portals and business cards: the company's main business is the operation of the U.S. International Trade and Trade Center market. By 2022, the U.S. market had 6.4 million square metres, with 75,000 real estate shops, services, up and down, and 2.1 million small and micro-businesses.
Selling and self-employed trades, chinagoods online platforms, hotels, exhibitions, etc., 2022q1-3, with companies achieving revenues of $6.32 billion, or 53% of the year, and net profit returns of $1.62 billion, or 34% of the year.
To promote the further expansion of the Uu market: in 2021 Uu exports amounted to $36.9 billion, i.e., 22 per cent, and U.S.C.C.C.C. made a deal of $18.67 billion, i.e. 15 per cent. The prosperity of U.S. exports and the prosperity of small commodity markets were largely based on our strong consumer goods supply chain, and
In 2016, the market became the first pilot for the country ' s 1039 market procurement export model, with 1039 export models simplifying the customs flow, suitable for small commodity exports, with 79% of the 2021 export volume in the U1039 model.
The future 1039 pilot is expected to attract more small commodity traders to facilitate further market development. Business operations are largely generated by rent charges, contributing 89% of the company’s gross profits in 2021, and are profitable.
On-site, the rent per unit rises from year to year, and there is still room for future profits.
More than 2022h10 million registered buyers, with a cumulative excess of over 4.6 million commodities. In 2021, the Chinagoods platform has achieved $140 million in revenue and a net profit of $27 million.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Small Commodity City is an important hub for our small commodity exports, with a steady increase in future market operations, a global full-chain service system based on the Chinagoods platform, 1. The World's Small Commodity Capital, and the creation of an integrated service provider for international trade
Small Commodity City: The world's largest bulk of small commodities, the portals and business cards of our commodity manufacturing industry, located in the city of Yeu in Zhejiang Province, operates the largest wholesale market for small commodities in the world, the City of Trade and Commerce International.
Sales, hotel services, exhibitions, etc. are also engaged in market development and support services, the development prospects of a ginagoods web platform, and growing revenues from market operations. Small commodity markets in Yu have a long history and have a significant industrial clustering effect.
Small commodity markets have been set up, and the existing International Trade and Trade Centre in Italy dates back at least to the beginning of 1992 when it became operational. Small commodity stock companies were established in December 1993 as managers of small commodity markets. After years of continuous upgrading and expansion, Yeu has formed a cluster of industries in the area of small commodity flows, and is now in the process of developing an industrial cluster.
This small commodity cluster, at the heart of the world’s small commodity cluster, the International Business and Trade Center, has for many years been at the forefront of the country’s integrated market. The company’s main market is profitable, and there is still room for growth in the future; and there is still room for growth on the line for Chinagoods Ping.
Underline markets are the company’s traditional business, with stable and sustainable profits. Companies use the business rental model, and contract businesses for terms of use, user fees, business use, etc.
The network shows that in 2022 it had more than 6.4 million square metres of business, 75,000 places of business, 26 major categories, 2.1 million single items, one-stop purchases, and currently operates markets such as the International Chamber of Commerce I to V market, the Bing King market, the East Bank market, the Gardens market and the International Market for Productive Information.
Figure 3: The online trading platform of the International Business and Trade Center is a potential growth point for the company ' s future business. The Chinagoods platform is on the line in October 2020, relying on 75,000 real-sector business resources in the Italian market and 2.1 million homes up the service chain.
Businesses, integrating trade data, allow for the accurate allocation of market resources. In the future, the Chinagoods platform is expected to break geographical boundaries, broaden corporate business exposure, and become a hub for trade in small commodities.
Corporate revenue has fluctuated considerably in recent years. The company ' s operating income from 2016-2020 is largely influenced by the volatility in the pace of recognition of income from the sale of real estate. In 2020, the company de-listed its real estate business and has since benefited from the growth of its commercial sales business, with faster growth in corporate income. 2022q1-3, the company achieved revenues of $6.32 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The company’s net profits have generally risen steadily. In 2019 and before, profits were influenced by the recognition pace of real-estate business in Chinagoods, and by the return on investment of real-estate affiliates. The company’s profits are expected to grow in the future as the market expands and the ginagoods platform matures.
Companies earn 43/46% of their revenues in 2021, of which 11% are derived from market operations and sales of goods, mainly from market operations and other activities such as China-goods. This includes, among other things, profits from the recently more developed Chinagoods platform.
Changes in business structures have led to a decline in corporate profitability and cost rates. The increase in company cost rates in 2020 was mainly due to increases in domestic market promotion and advertising, manpower, agency advice and vaccination costs during the epidemic; sales, management, R & D costs for companies decreased in 2021; and Mäori rates and net interest rates declined, mainly due to profit margins,
There has been a significant increase in the scale of sales of lower-cost commodities, resulting in structural changes. The profitability and cost rates of operations in the company-owned market have been relatively stable.
Local state holdings and equity incentives to complete firm ownership The company is a local state-owned enterprise that effectively controls the IUCU. The company’s equity structure is clear, as of 2022 q3, with 55.33% of the holdings in the city, while 84.6% of the shares in the city are owned by the IUCI.
In October 2020, companies introduced equity incentive schemes that included company directors, senior management, middle management, core technology (business) in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
Ten thousand shares (about 0.9% of the total stock before the award), giving incentives to 428 employees, or 9.5% of the total number of employees of the company. Corporate equity incentives include operating income, eps, ginagoods platform gmv, and so on. In three fiscal years 2021-2023, if the current performance test is met, restricted shares received by the incentive audience can be resolved as planned.
Small-commodity city operations: business space has increased steadily, rent per unit is expected to increase 2.1. The City of Commerce and Trade is a major hub for small commodities. The small-commodity market is the largest concentration of small commodities in the world, and the turnover has remained at the forefront of the country’s integrated market.
In the early years of reform and opening up, U-turn took the lead in establishing small commodity markets, which, after many years of development, have grown by billions of yuan, or 14.77 per cent, over the same period; and in 2016-2021, Cagr was 9.1 per cent, one of our most important niches, the growth in the volume of commodities traded in the U-turn International Chamber of Commerce, which is a growing market for small commodities and our small commodity system.
Thanks to the trade in small commodities, the foreign trade exports of the city of Yeu have also been impressive. Many of the small commodities produced in the country have finally been exported to the world.
According to the Official Journal of Statistics on National Economic and Social Development in the city of Yeu, the total value of imports and exports rose from 223 billion yuan in 2016 to 3903 million yuan in 2021, of which the total value of exports was 36.5 billion yuan, an increase of 21.7 per cent over the 18 provinces of the country.
With small commodity exports and imports, local industrial chains are being improved, and the clustering effect in import and export declarations, cluster containers, etc., is beginning to emerge, leading to the emergence and growth of a significant number of emerging B2c cross-border power suppliers. Against this background, the company Chinagoods platform imports cross-border electric power suppliers, and E-Ki-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci.
2.2. Market expansion + rent increases, and market operating income has the potential to dig further. As of 2022h1, the markets of the Small Commodity City of Yeu include the first to fifth districts of the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade, and the Park.
The market, the Bing King market and the international production information market bring together 26 major categories, more than 2.1 million single items, 75,000 squares, a confluence of goods imported and exported around the market totalling nearly $400 billion, a boom in cross-border railways and air transport capacity, and a significant clustering effect resulting from the high cost of domestic logistics, resulting in the efficiency of export logistics.
In 21 years, the Māori rate has remained at over 50%. The main revenue from this business is the commercial use charge in the Uu market, the cost of which is mainly the depreciation amortization and the wages of the employees operating in the market.
The main points of growth in future corporate market operations are: (a) expansion of small commodity markets and growth of rental areas; and (b) marketization of rents and an increase in unit rents.
First, as the market expands, the size of the company’s rented buildings continues to expand. Since its creation in 1982, the small commodity market has been upgraded five times, expanded ten times, and increased its business space, reaching about 6.4 million square metres by 2022.
In June 2022, construction was completed in the East Market of Zone II of the International Trade and Trade Centre in Utah, with a total surface of 131,000 square metres; the U.S. International Digital Trade Centre project began on 25 November, with a total building area of about 1.3 million square metres.
The revenue from the unit area of the city is almost equal, while the market has tripled in annual turnover, and the rent for future units has the potential to dig. Concrete measures include: 1 company will take back some of the stores and open auctions for market-based pricing, 2 new shops that are expanded in the city use more market-based rents; 3 newly signed lease terms also include provisions for renting.
Income, rather than rental income per unit of leased area.
Companies are also actively exploring opportunities for the expansion and layout of overseas markets. The company’s first overseas sub-market, Dubai, was officially opened at the end of June 2022, with an overall rental rate of almost 99 per cent, a market that effectively irradiates the consumption of nearly 1 billion people around it, and addresses the pains of showing little physical experience online.
The 1039 market procurement model +chinagoods has built a second-growth curve, and we believe that the transformation and efficiency of the supply chain will be an important industry opportunity in the future for our consumer sector. The consumer sector is well developed at the top of the toc, while the mode of circulation in the tob area remains generally relatively high.
Small commodity cities, as important trading hubs in the country, are expected to lead to industrial Internet upgrading. First, the 1039 market trade model, which significantly reduces the business export clearance process, speeds up approvals, and improves exports.
The second is the company ' s 1039 platform, which builds on the resources of tens of thousands of real businesses in the city, brings together the b2b industry, accelerates the flow of information along the flow chain, and deposits data, and achieves efficiency gains. The third is the construction of a series of compliance facilities, such as the Yucchan insurance area, where heavy asset inputs are expected to further enhance the performance of small commodity city traders.
Efficiency and synergies with operations such as Chinagoods. 3.1. Market procurement trade models (Model 1039) are promising, with iU leading the pilot 1039 market procurement model, an export clearance trade model for higher schools, operating extensively after the iU pilot
According to General Customs Proclamation No. 54 of 2014, the mode of trade in market procurement (Customs Code 1039, Mode 1039) refers to goods with a value of less than US$ 150,000 (including tens of thousands) for which a bill of lading has been issued by a qualified operator in a market concentration area determined by the State business director, and where an export merchandise has been cleared.
Market procurement trade modalities have the advantages of having low access thresholds, efficient customs clearance, simplicity of filing procedures, no backlash on value added tax, low integration costs, and flexible foreign-exchange management, as compared to the general trade model. Market procurement trade modalities contribute to trade facilitation development and are expected to become a mainstream form of export trade in the future.
Market procurement and trade exports grew rapidly in 2016-2021, reaching 38% in cagr. Mode 1039 exports accounted for 4.3% of our total exports in 2021, and there is still room for further improvement.
The city court became the first pilot market of the 1039 model, and since then it has become more widely available in a number of major domestic trade markets, such as Altoshik and Heiningpi. As a pioneer of the 1039 model and a central part of our foreign trade in small commodities, the city government of the City of Yeu has developed a series of regulatory and supportive policies and services.
The market procurement (1039) model has gradually become the dominant export model for small Uu commodities, and the future 1039 model is expected to give further impetus to the development of small Uu commodity markets. In 2021, the national market procurement and trading mode exported $930.39 billion, of which Uu reached $29.160 billion, or 31.2 per cent, and was the country’s highest share of the pilot trade.
The export model is suitable for small commodity exports, and since 2016 exports from the U-1039 model have accounted for more than 70 per cent of total market exports. 3.2. Chinagoods platform is expected to become the second growth curve
Chinagoods is a digital integrated trade services platform driven by the integration of trade data, and the framework system is a “market owner plus business platform plus service platform plus infrastructure” that can be understood as a “b2b power provider to meet the full chain of demand for small commodity exports.” The Chinagoods platform is based on 75,000 real-sector resources, service products, from the corporate market.
More than 2 million home-based small-branch enterprises upstream of the industry chain are fully aligned with the needs of both supply and demand sides in the production, demonstration of transactions, warehousing logistics, banking, market management, and so on, to achieve efficient and accurate allocation of market resources, to provide digital cross-border logistics solutions, purchase guarantee programmes, and to achieve full synergies around the globe on the company ' s international logistics platform.
Line-based containerization, billing and payment, finance, locking, full-link visualization, and logistics pricing mechanisms that provide a more accessible, efficient and low-cost combination of services for the trading body.
Figure 24: Since the launch of the Chinagoods platform’s front page, the chinagoods platform, the scale of operations and performance have grown rapidly. The chinagoods platform was officially launched in October 2020.
In one case, the registered procurement negotiations exceeded 1.2 million, with an average of more than 5 million visits per day and more than 2 million downloads per day; the Big Data Company (the operator of the Chenagoods platform) collected 140 million yuan (in the “other main business” included in the statement), with a net profit of 27.47 million yuan and the platform achieved gmv16.8 billion over the year; and 2022h1 achieved gmv151.78 billion
The main means of realizing the platform’s current liquidity is value-added service member fees, future online platform liquidity, and more space. Operators currently operating in the markets of small commodity cities can apply to operate online, with the base costs of online platforms already included in the use of their business places; and an extra fee for preferred vendors who meet certain conditions.
At present, Chinagoods is organically integrated with the Market Purchasing Network, which is expected to contribute to the prosperity of trade in small commodities; and
It is hoped that small commodity resources from other regions will be attracted to the stationing of these resources, with a concentration and a rainbow-sort effect. The 1039 model optimizes processes such as custodial approval for small commodity exports, while the Chinagoods optimizes the efficiency of their supply chains and helps businesses gain greater exposure and break the geographical divide. Together, it is expected that the small commodity city services system will be enhanced.
Businesses are competitive and contribute to the prosperity of small-scale trade in Italian commodities, while businesses in other regions may be more likely to use small-commodity trading systems to enhance their trade efficiency and competitiveness. In 2021, the Chinagoods platform gmv was 16.8 billion, or about 8% of exports in the 1039 model over the same period, with significant potential for growth in the future.
Construction of the first digitally integrated tax area in the country and improvement of the capacity to deliver at the end of trade
In recent years, the ecological chain of global trade has not been perfect, and market purchases have been small-scale and fragmented. In this context, companies, based on the positioning of traders, have made a significant contribution to the development of market innovation and the building of the first domestic figures.
The company works with Alibaba to build a new ewtp digitally protected area, to build a new warehouse-based import market, and to develop regional co-operation in the development of tax insurance.
Industry belts, digital trade eco-economy with internal and external access, full factor “on the cloud”, region-wide digital regulation, exploring new patterns of digital trade such as “tax + live” “tax + designated ports + professional markets” on the ground.
Since the closure operation, cross-border electric power providers have been steadily engaged in tax logistics operations such as 1210, general trade imports and exports, and have borne fruit: the region-wide supply chain financial services platform (phase I) is officially online, customs and tax guarantee products, such operations as “customs treasures”, “sea customs-separate tax guarantee” have landed in bulk: completion of the first single “district port connection + bulk” operation: November 2021
On 24 December, the first round of cross-border insurance was broadcast live in D2; on 9 December, the first round of cross-border commodity return identification operations were completed in the Iu Integrated Bonded Area. The sealing of the gates resulted in exports and imports totalling approximately $2.8 billion over two months.
Other business of the company includes sales of goods, exhibition advertisements, hotel services, etc.. These are not the company’s main business.
In the year 2021, companies accumulated 108 brand agents, sku20,000 plus, 2,000 of the core stock suppliers, 3,000 of the dominant commodities, and the profits were less than 1% of the company's total profits, and remained generally the backbone and support of the main industry. Of course, the future will continue with the public.
By 2021, local small commodity imports and exports were mainly export-oriented, with a proportion of small goods imported across borders.
In the future, local imports of small goods across the border are expected to grow rapidly through the small-scale Italian commodity cluster, and the Pixie Cat platform is expected to serve as a booster for this process. In 2020, Pixie Cat expanded its domestic sales cooperation network to 2,000 companies, generating $300 million to complete offline distribution channels.
Ei-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-C-C-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
There is much room for transformation, and there are multiple links, and inefficient circulation. A central role of “the good” is to help businesses build efficient distribution channels. The platform is built around four modules: extension of channels, brand upgrading, supply chain innovation, trade services, and the creation of an internal trade market that is “eu-led, downstream, mutually beneficial”
The value of the company's in-house trade business is in the income and cost of the statement, so the business has a lower profit margin; and the value of the goods in the transport and customs clearance process, as well as the value of the goods.
However, in the course of doing business, the company is primarily a node of supply chain performance and does not assume excessive stock and operating capital risks.
As of 2019, the company operated seven hotels, four full-time hotels, two commissioned hotels and one in preparation, including the Sea Hotel, the Silver Door Hotel, the City Hotel, the Crown Holiday Hotel, the Lake Happiness International Convention Center, etc.
The Department has set up Zhejiang Silver Town Hotel Management Ltd. to manage hotels under the flag from a variety of angles, including consolidation of hotel resources, improvement of management systems, implementation of branding strategies, etc.
In 2016-2019, the company earned between $210 million and $220 million, while in 2021 it earned only $130 million.
Depreciation amortization, cost of raw materials for meals, wages, and losses on the company’s 2021 hotel business. In the future, with the spread of the epidemic, the rise in travel flows and the reduction in costs associated with the disease, the income and benefits of the hotel business, as a whole, are supplementary to the company’s operations in small commodity cities.
In the long run, the hotel business will be largely of an auxiliary nature, not of the company’s owner.
4.3. The performance of exhibition advertising is expected to increase with the expansion of the market and also to benefit from the revenue from the company ' s advertising business, which includes, inter alia,: 1 exhibition, billboard, 2 corresponding advertising services, 3 occulties, boroughs, etc., in the company ' s 2021 exhibition advertising service, which is $12 billion.
The same ratio + 24%; the Māori rate is -29%; the main cost of the exhibition advertising business is the depreciation amortization and exhibition costs, and the future changes with the epidemic, and the revenue from running the exhibition is expected to contribute to elasticity. And, with the expansion of the U.S.C.E.C., it is expected that the expansion of the exhibition space will increase its performance in the future.
Figure 36: Revenue from corporate exhibition advertising services Figure 37: Maori rate of corporate exhibition advertising services 5.1. Key assumptions and profit projections
Small commodity cities depend on the country's largest commodity hub, U.S. International Business and Trade. The company's main business is: 1 market, 2 commodity sales, 3 hotel operations, 4 exhibition advertisements, 5chinagoods and others.
There is also room for growth in the future when profits are factored into other businesses. There is also some room for growth when the profits from the sale of goods are relatively low, as companies move into small commodity supply chains. Hotel operations will remain stable over the long term, and there will be some room for improvement in the short and medium term as the epidemic recovers.
(1) Market operations: rent, rental transfer revenue, public revenue, mainly in the U.S.C. Merchant Market, where the company is expected to earn 19.7/31.4/340.0 billion in 2022-24, and Māori, where the cost of market operations is mainly depreciation, relative fixed expenses such as labour, and the elasticity of the Māori rate
(2) Commodity sales operations: short-term increases in sales, medium- and long-term improvements in profits. The business is based mainly on the "Ewecat" platform for the import of small goods across borders and on the "Yo" supply chain for small commodities, with the main aim of digging up (3) hotel operations: mainly to support the business needs of the small commodity city market, with a stable long-term performance.
During the short-term outbreak, company hotel operations were damaged and post-infection repairs were expected. We expect hotel operations to have a (4) exhibition advertisement in 2022-24: the profit from the commercials and online platforms, mainly under the Small Commodity City, after the outbreak.
We expect companies to benefit from 2022-(5) Chinagoods and others: Chinagoods is the company’s important second-growth curve and important profit growth point for the future. The main mode of liquidity is membership fees and value-added services, which will benefit from market figures.
Corporate cost rates are expected to decline structurally. Given the higher rate of growth in the company’s commodity sales business, and the profits from this business, the firm’s market operating barriers have increased, and the future of the ginagoods industry’s Internet sector has a wide potential for growth. In market operations, the International Chamber of Commerce and Trade is at the heart of a series of small commodity trade chains around the country.
In the future, the confluence effects and barriers are so deep that there is room for robust growth along with future expansion and rent markets. The Chinagoods platform is an important growth point for companies in the future. The platform is industrially integrated, backed up by business resources in the Italian-Uu market, and the gmv continues to rise and is expected to become a hub for future imports and exports of small commodities.
The company ' s annual net profit due to rent cuts affected about $800 million, and we used 2023e ' s net return profit ($2 billion) figure 38: Small commodity city p/eband(ttm) New malls were opened and recruited less than expected: due to the construction of the mall and the economic situation, delays in completion would be delayed
Business opening times, economic downturns, or market recruitment are affected. Chinagoods is not growing as fast as expected: the platform is still in its early stages of development, and the acceptance of upstream and downstream businesses, the mode of realization and the ability to make it happen are still to be seen.
Demand for export of offshore macro-environmental impacts: Part of demand for small-scale goods comes from external demand, which if reduced will affect the profits of businesses, or the rent, advertising willingness, etc. Real estate subsidiaries are less profitable than expected: companies have higher pre-tax profits from investment earnings of property subsidiaries (predicted).
Between 22 and 24 years, about 500 to 1 billion dollars per year will affect the company's risk of an epidemic in the coming years if the property subsidiary fails to make as much profit as expected: the epidemic blockade will affect the normal operations of market operators and could trigger rent cuts, affecting the company's three major financial forecasts for Small Commodity City.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board