(b) Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB)
On May 8, circulars announced the acquisition of shares held by Hong Kong’s listed company, International Logistics Holdings Limited. The company or company’s designated wholly-owned subsidiary plans to buy up to 256 million shares (6,187.24 per cent of all internationally issued shares) in cash.
The target shares are valued at HK$ 1,041 million (equivalent to HK$ 4.0698 per share).
National and international routes exceed 2,000. In 2016, the global economy was weakened, with a strong record of expanding international operations and ensuring high-speed and efficient services from the organic teams: 13.5.
The plan sets out a goal for 2020: to create a service-based network that covers the whole country and connects to the international community. In turn, it has been working to deploy international courier services and expand overseas markets. (1) The company has been rolling out Hong Kong 3.
Express-line products such as Austair, South-East Asia, Central Asia, Europe and the Americas, reaching major overseas countries, 4. The Circular Lending Cards Board approved approval for clearance, and the private sector achieved 5 aircraft fleets at the end of the year, which are the basis for the future delivery of high-speed and efficient express delivery services, and also
• To improve the international network layout and build cross-border whole supply chain services: based on existing international networks, companies will be able to build on existing international networks.
Acquisitions have international access to (1) its overseas network layout, backbone transport and customs capabilities: (2) its experienced local management and operations team; (3) the consolidation of freight forwarders, couriers, warehousing operations and the creation of cross-border logistics full-chain products; and (4) the construction of offshore financing platforms.
It is an important step in international business, where the company’s own fleet of aircraft, and the country’s full-scale express network, covering the goods-for-goods resources of the company, can synergize overseas operations with the company’s original configuration. Intercom, plus international freight forwarding, and perfect international business layout.
In the next round of the industry, you're out of the competition. Give the "buy-in" rating.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.