China Group (002311.sz): Forage overseas, 23 October 2024.
The company is a collector of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, mix of animal feed and aquatic feed, and healthy farming.
For high-tech companies operating in the main business, the core business has a clear competitive advantage in the feed business, and overseas sales are growing rapidly. The total feed production in the first three quarters of 2024 was aqueous feed, aqueous seedlings, and dynamic conservation products.
Production of 22.787 million tons in priority aquaculture areas nationwide was achieved, representing a 4.3 per cent decrease in the same year; the national average price for coordinated feed was $3.46 per kilogram in January-September, a 8.6 per cent slip in the same year, and companies were subject to a substantial reduction in raw material prices, a downward adjustment in the unit price for the sale of fodder and sales revenues.
A slight decline, but the overall decline is significantly lower than the industry average, reflecting the competitive advantage of the company’s feed business, with the firm’s market share rising further. The current downward trend in the bulk of raw materials, the expected feed plate Maori ratio, the company’s overseas feed business has expanded well, with companies selling more than 1 million feed overseas in the first half of the year.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Tons, 30% more than year-on-year, steady increases in profitability, and q3 overseas sales continue their upward trend. The company’s off-sea feed capacity is strained and will be expanded in a variety of ways in the future. Companies are expected to replicate it in overseas markets.
Pig prices are expected to improve for profit. In pig farming, you can benefit from lower costs for bulk raw materials and 52 weeks’ share price range ($) for the company.
In the first half of the year, the company's pig production business has lost its profits and is expected to continue in three quarters. In aquaculture, the price of q3 raw fish and shrimp has risen.
Total equity/flowa (millions) Circulationb/h (millions) We believe that the core cost advantage of a company ' s multi-dimensional construction will continue to protect the company ' s main feed business
Shipping, increasing market share continuously; overseas markets are expected to replicate domestic success stories and contribute to growth. Professionalization of farming operations is increasing, and seedlings are being motivated to upgrade integrated service capabilities, looking at companies' long-term earnings projections and investment ratings: we believe that companies are expected to sustain their feed operations at a cost of ups and ups throughout the year.
It is expected that the company will continue to make a profit and that the company will have a core competitive advantage and grow well in the long term.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Group (002311.sz): Forage overseas sales have continued to increase and farm profits are expected to improve the sub-sectors such as Xian Xinxun, forage protection, pet food, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.