Domestic feed has grown steadily, with foreign operations emerging as new bright spots q3 net profit returns of 1.5 billion yuan, $30.2 billion more than the previous year and 61.1 per cent more than the same year, with q1, q2 and q3 achieving net return returns on a quarterly basis.
30.2% of the company ' s performance increased significantly over the same period, as a result of: 1 steady increase in forage sales; 2 companies ' use of pig snag hedging models to effectively avoid risks and achieve stable returns; • q3 forage sales continued to grow steadily, and the city ' s share continued to rise
The company has completed the strategic layout of 40 million tons of feed energy, with the core objective of making full use of competitive advantages acquired in terms of product competitiveness, R & D capabilities, technology services systems, etc., in comparison with the 300-cent-high trend in the prices of the company.
Use and share of the market, thereby increasing corporate profitability. 1h2024 forage sales of 10.8 million tons, an increase of about 8 per cent over the same year, 1h2024 forage production of 145.3 million tons nationwide, a rise of 0.3 per cent over the same period.
The sales of poultry and pig food have continued for the first half of the year, with sales of aquaculture increasing by about 10% on a year-on-year basis, of poultry by about 14% on a year-on-year basis, and of pigs continuing to decline slightly on a year-on-year basis due to increased competition.
The company's overseas market is advancing steadily, and the company's business philosophy has always been to “create value for the breadwinner”, and in a strong domestic market environment, the model has proved successful, applying this model to the overseas market, with the same surge in strong competitiveness.
Yes: 1 excellent product power driven by innovation in research and development; 2 feed plus seedlings plus industrial chain advantage; 3 downfall end service system advantage. In 2023, the company sold 1.71 million tons of feed overseas, and we judged that q3 continued to grow rapidly, as the product became more competitive.
1. The performance forecast for the Big Sea Group (002311), which reports that it is expected that there will be 5.5 million pigs out of the list throughout the year.
A steady increase in the sale of fodder, a support package of 1h2024, with the company producing about 2.7 million fat pigs, due to a higher number in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
The development of a pig system, the gradual development of the system, and the consolidation of the development and scale advantages of the feed end, the continued energy of the feed sub-groups, the steady operation of the pig, the increasing professional capacity of the team, and the significant progress in the cost of integrated farming.
In the first paragraph, the company has worked hard to identify and implement the business model of “Extrough Purchase of Pigs, Companies+Home Farms, Locking of Profit, Surge of Risks” and, as team professional capacity increases and the model's touch of Sodiet, the pattern of light, low-risk, robust pig farming is becoming clearer.
The company's well-developed feed products, its clear product strength, its core competitiveness, its feed business continues to wear, its growth is robust over the cycle, and the company's overseas feed business is growing rapidly as the concept of “creating value for the breadwinner” is replicated in overseas markets; at the same time, the company's pig-breeding business is growing robustly.
The hedging model is effective in avoiding the risk of boar price volatility. We expect that, in 2024-2026, the annual extra pig price forecast, logs, farm costs, and feed sales will remain unchanged.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.