A study by Ultraviolet Corporation (002049) Pilots in the Special Integrated Circuit Industry, Long-term Development of Multi-Sector Outreach - In-depth study by Ultraviolet Corporation (002049)
The leading home-grown chip-design lead enterprise, with special operations as a core asset, and the leading home-grown integrated circuit-design enterprise, with special integrated circuits, smart security chips, and the deployment of stone crystal crystal frequency devices, are now leading in competition.
Posture and market position, providing chip, system-based solutions and end products for mobile communications, finance, government, automobiles, aerospace, industry, property networking, etc. 2018-20225a share capital (millions):
In 2022, the company contributed a net profit of 2,493 million yuan, or 94% of the company’s total net profit, and it was the company’s core business. The construction of high barriers to the special chip industry, which is expected to benefit fully as a leader, was a major asset.
National microelectronics have been working for more than 20 years in the field of special chip design, with a wealth of research and development experience, and are a major part of the country's integrated circuit industry, with a number of major specialized national development units that have built up high technical, qualification and financial barriers.
More than 600 different designs, including special fpga, special storage units, special interface lines, etc., have received a national award for technology inventions, leading companies in the field of special chip design, and are expected to benefit fully in the future from a double increase in the special chip industry and the national production-substituting market.
The smart security chip market is vast, and other businesses are expected to make new breakthroughs.
Chips, new-generation traffic card chips, identity readings, market share of posse chips.
The cycle is about to come, and companies are expected to rise at full prices; the conglomerates’ fpga operations, which have passed the period of concentration, have achieved gains and are expected to grow rapidly; and the crystalline operations, which are relatively mature and continue to grow steadily. Overall, off-the-shelf business performance is expected to make a new breakthrough.
Slight is one of the leading companies in the country’s design sector, which benefits from 14 or 5 special integrated circuits, with rapid growth and a very high climate of performance. And Slight has built high barriers in special areas with years of research and development experience, a high market share, and a very high future.
It is hoped to benefit fully from the deployment of equipment and the replacement of national production. We have a strong vision of the future of the company, where technology research and development is less advanced than expected; downstream generation production is less than expected; specialic orders are less than expected; global semiconductor industry chain risks, etc.
Micro-violet countries: Focus on Integrated Circuit Design, Multi-Purpose Research and Development to secure market position for core enterprises under the flag of the Purple Group, extended M & As acquisition of extended product structure. Micro-violet countries (002049.sz) are core enterprises in the integrated circuit industry under the flag of the Purple Group.
As a result of the reorganization, the Illustrative Broadband Consortium, through the Beijing Platform for Aggression and Acquisition, has taken over 100% of the stock of the Reconstructed Purple Group, based on the values of “difference, value creation” and a large number of subsidiaries under the flag, the layout of the integrated circuit industry chain.
On July 11, 2022, the company completed the process of changing its trade register, with 100% of its shares registered under the name of the WikiLeaks and the change of its intellectual heart to the company’s indirect shareholding. The intellectual assets focused on semiconductor core technology and other emerging high-end technology investment opportunities.
From 2011 to 2015, he served as Senior Vice-President of Mid-King International. In both cases, IQ and ICRO focused on integrated circuits, industry investments with a country-owned background, or would effectively ease corporate financial pressures, while at the same time gaining more investment experience and a pool of skilled people, or would further promote high-quality corporate business and development.
The U.S. S.A. was the first to go through a series of extended M&As, creating a very rich product system. In 2012, the company acquired Beijing co-located microelectronics and deep-seine electronics, cutting into the areas of smart chips and special integrated circuits, respectively; in 2013, the subsidiary, Shenzhen City
National Microelectronics Ltd., a fully-owned subsidiary, Shenzhen City and Genesis State Electronics Ltd., formally entered the fpga area: 76% of the shares of the Xi'an violet Xi's core semiconductor company, 76% of the shares were acquired in 2015, the formal cut-in chip collars were formally stored, business integration focused on two major operations, and continued deep-ploughing chip design. The company's business product was too rich to allow the company to do so.
Focus on energy. In 2018 and 2019, the company reduced its share in the purple homogeneity and the Xian purple core, cutting off the integration of operations, with the company essentially focusing on special integrated circuits and smart security chip operations, which will continue to grow deep in integrated circuit design.
UVS subsidiaries are responsible for a variety of operations, including special integrated circuits, smart security chips, semi-conductor power devices, quartz crystals, etc. By the end of 2022, the UVS micro-control ratio stood at 50% and over. Of these, the main subsidiaries involved in the special integrated circuits were Shenzhen.
Microelectronics: The main subsidiaries involved in smart security chips are co-chip microelectronics, Endo microsystems: the main subsidiaries involved in semi-conductor power devices have tin purple microelectronics: the main subsidiaries involved in the rock-eating crystals are Tangshan National Crystal Electronics.
eda development tools. 1.2 Focus on integrated circuit design. Special operations are core assets.
It's mainly for the design of the chain, and it's designed for manufacture and sealing through other manufacturers. Because it belongs to the facilitys enterprise up the industrial chain, which covers the two main industries of special integrated circuits, smart safety cores, and the laying of stone crystals and semiconductor power devices, all of which are now leading in the field of semiconductor power.
The initial competitive dynamics and market position provide chips, systematised solutions, and end products for a variety of industries such as aerospace, mobile communications, finance, government, automobiles, industry, and the Internet. By industry classification, two main blocks of integrated circuits and electronic components can be divided into the corporate integrated circuit industry in 2022.
With a revenue of $6,804 million, or 95.57 per cent of the total, the integrated circuit operations include smart security, chip operations, special operations, power semiconductor operations, etc. By product classification, the company's largest operations are special integrated circuit operations and smart security chip operations, among which are special.
In 2022, integrated circuit operations earned $4,725 million, with a revenue of 73.9 per cent and contributed a net profit of 2,493 million, while public 1.3 companies increased both production and sales of their products, with a steady increase in performance, benefiting from the high profile of the integrated circuit industry, annual growth in corporate profits and corporate operating income from 2016.
And net profits have been growing at a relatively high rate, rising from $1.41 billion in 2016 to $7.12 billion in 2022, with a compound annual increase of 30.98 per cent, with the main product restructuring gradually increasing the profitability of the company, with a marked improvement in the Māori rate, net interest rate, and roe, after deducting the effect of the non-inclusion of Xian purple light in 2020.
Changes in the structure of the company ' s products, the increase in the share of special integrated circuit high Māori businesses in the company ' s business, the annual increase in Māori rates and net interest rates for the company ' s business owners, 63.8 per cent in 2022 and a net interest rate of 37.1 per cent; gross interest rates have continued to rise to new highs in recent years.
Figure 8: Māori share of operations in 2022 Figure 9: Corporate profitability is further enhanced
Integrated circuit design enterprises (fables), which are upstream links in the vertical division of labour industry, operating in light asset-type operations and stable asset liability structures. As business continues to grow and performance increases, inventory and receivables gradually increase, and the share of current assets increases further, with the share of current corporate assets in the first three quarters of 2023.
Research and development investment has increased year by year, and patented technology has yielded considerable results. Companies have been focusing on technological innovation and research and development, on the combination of innovation and product development capabilities, and on continuing important technological efforts in the area of chips, through technological innovation.
As firms increase their efforts to develop high-end integrated circuits, R & D invested 1,045 million in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 62.36% over the same period. Companies have also focused on intellectual property protection, and intellectual property rights, such as patent applications, have remained at a high level in recent years.
During the period, costs remained stable and operational capacity improved. The company ' s 2022 accounts receivable and inventory turnover days decreased significantly, indicating a continuous improvement in its repayment capacity. In the first three quarters of 2023, accounts receivable and inventory turnover days increased significantly and remained at a relatively reasonable level.
Financial cost rates have remained generally stable, and the growth in R & D rates has been evident as a result of the continued growth in R & D by companies.
2.1 Integrated circuits have low national production rates, special chips are more pressing, and the world semiconductor market is large and the domestic integrated circuit market is growing rapidly. World semiconductor markets grew from $412.4 billion in 2019 to $573.5 billion in 2022 and 3.17 per cent in 2022;
Statistics from China's semiconductor industry association (csia) show that the sales of China's integrated circuit industry grew from 541.183 billion yuan in 2017 to 104,583 billion yuan in 2021, breaking for the first time by 100 billion yuan, with annual composite growth rates showing a huge supply and demand gap for home-grown chips.
Millions of dollars, 12 per cent less than in the same year, and $153.18 billion in exports, an increase of 0.3 per cent over the same year. The trade surplus of $26,661 million in 2022 showed a significant supply and demand gap. Figure 18: Number of imports and exports of integrated circuits in China (millions)
Figure 19: Imports and exports of China’s integrated circuits, limited competitiveness in the area of home-grown chip design, and low domestic productivity in our market. The current global integrated circuit design is still dominated by the United States, with mainland China as one of the major players, with domestic products dominated by medium- and low-end and high-end chips.
Depending on imports, the integrated circuits industry as a whole is not competitive, the core integrated circuits are less home-grown, the overall design capacity of the industry is inadequate, R & D inputs are low, and there is a serious mismatch between structure and demand. According to the projections of icinsights, China will produce only 19.4% of its integrated circuit market in 2025.
Special integrated circuits will be more secure and reliable in the future. With the rapid development of equipment in special areas, special integrated circuit technologies will become more demanding: one is the high demand for technical parameters and reliability indicators to ensure long-term longevity and high levels of reliability.
Reliability work; second, it is difficult to develop special circuit designs and multiple processes for online processing; third, multi-species, small batches; and fourth, working in harsher environments, requiring high temperature, dampness, radiation resistance, shock resistance, vibration and demanding containment techniques.
Special integrated circuits are not very demanding on the process, and autonomous control is essential. Special areas are more reliable and safe, less demanding on the advanced process, and even in semiconductor technology leading countries, there are still many special chips with 65nm maturity. Thus, the national production special chip is behind the advanced process, but it is available in developed countries.
Alternative powers that enable autonomous development, autonomous design, controllability of performance and security of information. Figure 20: National production substitution processes for products of amdfpga16nm need to be phased out, paragraph by paragraph.
Electronic components and chips produced by national producers have been used: for older models of stocks, however, most devices have been designed on the basis of foreign product functions and interfaces, so that indicators such as performance parameters for products are not likely to be fully consistent.
Once imported devices have been selected for the design of the product, often because of differences or lack of experience in their use, many national chips are more difficult to replace.
Because of the lack of alternative use due to differences in the size of the envelopes, differences in key performance indicators, non-use experience, and lack of quality reliability, the process of substitution of national production is mainly two large parts, one of which is the rapid release of the new number and the other part is old.
The model upgrades, and the whole process is a gradual one that needs to be replaced paragraph by paragraph, so that 1455 will be the golden period of substitution for national production. 2.2 The company ' s specialic products are rich, creating platform-type enterprises.
The company builds platforms and provides system-wide solutions. Shenzhen has all the special integrated circuits, and has the ability to design chips above 28 nm. The product can be completed with microprocessors, programmable devices, storage units, busware, network bus and interfaces, simulators, sopc system devices, custom chips, etc.
Seven series of products, with more than 600 varieties, can also provide users with the asic/soc design development service and the national production system chip-level solution. Overall, the company has created a system-based solution for customers.
In the area of mail, there is a high market share in the special market; the storage business has the widest range of products in the special business, and the bus business has broken through technical difficulties. Its products are generally available in the specialized areas, and long-term cooperative relationships with downstream clients have been widely recognized.
The film has been endorsed by users, and three- and four-generation products have been developed and are now being promoted. 2.3 Special fpga applications have been uniquely successful, and national microelectronics are the “one-size-fits-all” chips that can be purchased first by industry leaders. fpga can be programmed on site.
Door arrays, integrated circuits with programmable features pre-designed on silicons, which can be configured as a specified circuit structure according to the needs of designers, so that customers do not rely on asic chips designed and made by chip manufacturers. fpga can perform any digital device function, top performance cpu, down to simple circuits.
This is done with fpga. fpga is widely used in signal processing, image processing. fpga is one of the core features of the special semiconductor, wide-ranging applications in aerospace, electronic communications, etc.
Figure 22: Fpga-based image-processing system frame maps fpga has great advantages in special areas
One: fpga can reduce costs. According to the literature, when the number of circuits required for the project is less than 100,000, fpga will show a greater cost advantage, while in special areas it is basically a small, small batch but high value design process for a month, while the average time required to achieve the fpga design is 6-12 months.
Two: fpga is a programable logical device with a very high tolerance for error. With rapid advances in special areas, it is often not possible to predict accurately or decide which criteria dominate in order to maintain technology leadership. And fpga programming features have the advantage of flexibility and the ability and capacity to adapt to most standards and eliminate errors due to the introduction of errors.
Three: fpga is more secure and confidential. fpga in communications equipment can be automatically deleted when the equipment is lost and fpga is secure and confidential.
US$ 6.86 billion by 2021 in the fpga market, with a slower overall growth rate of 9% for the cagr. According to frost&sullivan, the domestic fpga market was about 12 billion yuan in 2018, of which about 10 billion yuan was used by the people and about 2 billion yuan in the special sector.
Growth and development are expected to continue to grow rapidly over the next 10 years. By 2025, figure 25: China ' s market size for fpga (billion yuan) and figure 24: Global market size for fpga (millions of United States dollars)
The market is highly monopolistic. The fpga market is highly monopolized, with nearly 90% of the international market occupied by the U.S. Xillinx (Cylinth) and Xaltera (Altra, acquired by Intel) and is largely monopolized by the vast majority of the market share of the fpga market, which is mainly concerned with the production of civil fpga products.
The market share is dominated by the United States’ Microsemi company. Chinese manufacturers are in the same camp as others, and the city has a large domestic production alternative market. The domestic market’s high-performance fpga supply is limited, and domestic demand is very high, especially in the area of special applications. 90% of large special electronic equipment is used in fpga chips, which are self-controlled.
The requirements are raised to the level of a strategy based on national security. The fpga alternative market space is therefore specific and in need of special fpga, and the national production replaces the main forces. The UV mini-subsidiary company, Shenzhen Microelectronics and Conglomerates, have developed special fpga and generic fpga, respectively, in tandem with the development of the U.S. microelectronics.
For more than a decade, the field of farming has grown relatively late, and now national microelectronics have become one of the leading firms in the special fpga field, one of the more highly supplied R & D units in the special fpga. Because of the greater emphasis placed on reliability and stability in the special market, the general market has more emphasis on high performance and high capacity: hence tolerance.
In terms of technology indicators such as volume, process, and speed, special products can hardly exceed common products, so we can go through the generic product comparisons of units to look at the tubes and take a look at the R & D strengths of individual firms. In terms of the technology of the corporate products, the process is currently 28 nm, whereas Shanghai is home-grown, and Shanghai is home-grown.
Electronics have developed billions of class fpga, and transmission rates have increased further, with technology leading the country, while antimelt wire fpga, once programmed, is irreversible, resistant to high temperatures and radiation, and long sand light has been said to be the sole supplier of antimelting fpga in the investor relations interface platform.
But because of the peculiarities of specialics, small processes and large amounts of capacity are not the desired indicators, and specialic design processes are often somewhat different from civilian ones. Thus, for special fpga design firms, the technical barriers they construct are more inclined to be more experienced in the design of chip reliability and can be systematically provided.
So, the solution, its maturity and reliability, and so on. For over a decade, the National Microelectronic Deep Farming Special fpga has accumulated a wealth of design experience, one of the most mature and large fpga R & D units, with a very high share in the special market, replaced by our special fpga national production.
2.4 The storage market is one of the largest segments of the semiconductor chip industry, accounting for about 25 per cent of the semiconductor chip market, with a global storage market of over $100 billion.
Special storage units are storage equipment specifically designed for special areas, with high storage capacity, speed, reliability, high levels of confidentiality, small size, high protective features. The ability to store large quantities of electronic data is the largest in special areas.
Each has its own strengths and weaknesses, and each has its own application area. The national logo electronics is the company with the largest product series in the country with a special large-capacity memory.
Figure 29: China ' s semiconductor storage market size (billion yuan)
The company has mastered the architecture design, command set design and implementation techniques for high-reliability microprocessors, multiple special microscopic products into important embedded specialized applications, and product performance levels are in the lead domestically. The national microelectronic bus, network bus, and interface products have broken through a number of key technologies and solved the problem of foreign-based products of the same kind.
The problem of highly reliable grade varieties meets the need for special equipment to be used for high-level products. The company’s sophisticated, varied, reliable and widely applied technology has now stabilized its supply in large quantities and has been used on the national production of large aircraft c919.
The company’s special switch power, special linear power, and special power-control products now receive a higher market share. In particular, the mini-dc/dc power transformer products are developed at an internationally advanced level, with more than 20 series products being launched.
Sopc system device/custody chip: sopc, programable film-based system, programable logic technology to put the whole system on a silicon chip, the company combines on-site programming technology with the system integration chip to roll out the largest and highest performance in the country for the first time in the industry.
High-performance systems with on-site programming features are integrated products. Three- and four-generation products are also being developed, with companies taking the lead on special fpga chips and other special operations working together to provide systematic solutions for customers.
2.5 Specialized business performance continues to grow at a high rate, with high barriers to the development of microelectronics in the country benefiting from high-profile industries, and national microelectronics have increased their profits faster in recent years. As a result of downstream specialization, national microelectronics have benefited from high-intensity, high performance orders, and high capacity utilization in recent years.
High Barriers to the development of the special chip industry: The speciality of the special chip determines the need for a top-level screening of its cooperation with its clients, so that entry into the special sector is subject to a rigorous qualification system, and new entrants need to have a well-developed scientific research system, quality control system, and information security management.
Systems, etc. At the same time, it takes a long time to apply for permission and test the product for entry. The whole process is complex and long-cycled, creating high access barriers for specialized industries. National microelectronics is the first-ever integrated circuit design company for the country’s 909 project, which, with years of accumulation, already owns the whole range.
Technical barriers to R & D: First, special chips are designed differently from generic chips and have very high requirements for high temperature, shock resistance, resistance to electromagnetic interference, etc., and therefore have some technical difficulty in design.
The company is currently mastering the design methods of digital logic (diigital), simulation mix (mixed-signal) chips in high performance microprocessors, high performance programmable devices, storage devices, busware, interface drives, electricity through hardware design platforms including servers and server workstations and advanced eda software, testing systems.
The fields of source chips and other special chips have the capability to design chips and to develop applications for the corresponding whole-organic products.
The company’s research and development team, with its extensive chip design experience, has now moved beyond the billions of sopc design validation techniques to create a platform for designing, testing and validating the 14nm sub-microminocnos process products. The product covers a wide range of industry needs and has forged strategic partnerships with a wide range of industry-focused firms in the country.
To date, the company's products have received one National Science and Technology Progress First Prize, two National Science and Technology Progress Second Prizes, one National Technology Inventories Second Prize, one Provincial Ministerial First Award, and many Provincial Ministries Second Awards. 86 patents have been granted for inventions, 26 practical new ones, 17 Software Authorships, 19 Booty Designs, and 7 others.
Special integrated circuits require most of them to be developed in accordance with the unique needs of the user units themselves, and the development process requires long-term close collaboration between the provider and the client. Once the product is in the procurement phase, it means special product skills.
In order to maintain consistency in quality and reliability, in principle, the procurement model cannot be changed without permission, so the industry has stable cooperation between upstream and downstream.
The chip design industry is a high-intrusion but not necessarily high-return industry, with high potential risks and very high financial requirements, because the cost of R & D is high, unprofitable for a long time, and the input cycle is very long and usually long.
Five to seven years, it will require strong financial support from the firm, and even if it is, it will be difficult to quickly enter the original project 2.6, help specialise in opening the market.
The country has issued instructions for the transferable debt collection, which amounts to no more than 1.5 billion yuan. Of this, $600 million was spent on new high-end, safe-line chip development and industrialization projects, $450 million on vehicle-borne control chip development and industrialization projects, and $450 million on liquidity replenishments, but since the second half of 2022, the market environment for the original fund-raising projects has been closed.
More volatile than the project feasibility study phase, based on the company's long-term business development strategy, the company will make changes to the project to raise funds for investment as part of its implementation and will invest billions of dollars in the above-mentioned fund-raising project for the "high-speed radio frequency model converter (HFRF) series and associated clock series development and industrialization.
One billion dollars to permanently replenish liquidity and inject new dynamic energy into the development of specialics. 3. There is a strong demand in the area of smart security chips and a gradual increase in the profitability of other operations. 3.1 Purple peer: the lead in the field of smart security chips, which is expected to rise at full cost.
The smart chip business is largely carried out by the company with the smart microelectronics, which is the lead in the field of smart security chips in the country, with a high market share in many fields. The smart chip business consists mainly of the smart card security chip and the smart terminal security chip, which is smart.
Card security chips are the core business, with a variety of products such as communications chip, financial payment chip, second-generation identity card chip, social security card chip, and so on. Corporate smart chip product applications are extensive, covering four main areas: mobile communications, gold payments, government utilities, and the Internet, and they are the main suppliers in many areas.
Businesses such as the traditional sim card have been competitive in recent years, leading to a decline in the profitability of the product. Since 2015, despite rising corporate revenues, net profits have declined and performance has been unsatisfactory. This is mainly due to the increased competition for global sim card chips in the post-2015 period, which has led to a decline in the sim card chip rate, adding up to the company ' s annual performance.
There were significant R & D expenditures, which led to poor performance in previous years. Since 2021, the sim block has been warming up, overseas operations have increased significantly, and operating income has continued to increase.
Three stars are pulling out, and the card market is expected to expand and improve. In 2020, three stars are gradually withdrawing from the chip market, and there are some vacancies in the mid-to-high-end smart chip market where firms are now increasing production efficiency and taking advantage of the vacancy market, where companies now account for billions of goods per year from Sim, whose share in the international market is the third largest in the world.
There is still room for continued expansion. Domestic markets have been dominated by combs, China, China, China, China, and national technology, which have widened the gap in recent years, with the same core in the first row, full product, and a higher share.
Figure 34: Size and acceleration of the global smart card chip market, 2014-2022
The diversity of the areas of trust has gradually evolved, with purple kernels, after more than 20 years of deep cultivation and innovation, and the product layout of the communications industry has deepened into the sim, esim, nfc-sim, cell phone ese, and in support of new applications such as digital identities, digital people, and the national currency, where the sim chip has reached more than 15 billion people globally.
As mobile phone integration increases, more applications, such as identification, financial payments, equipment recognition, etc., will be integrated into a secure chip, with a single-stop solution built from the same violet core being large enough to carry a higher level of security, communications, shopping, etc., in addition to the various cost-free terminals and object-networking terminals in the area of esim.
In 2004 - 2005, the last round of second-generation I.D.s will be centralized, and in 2024 the country will again be in the second-generation I.D., considering pre-positioning, folding of bank cards,
In recent years, there has been a certain increase in the volume of documents produced.
Purple co-generation is one of the leading manufacturers in the generic fpga market in the country. Purple co-creation is involved in the development and marketing of programmed logical devices (fpga, cpld, etc.) and the development of eda design tools, and is actively promoting the development of low-end fpga products, which can be used in communication networks, information security, artificial intelligence, etc.
Data centres, industrial goods networking, etc. Figure 38: The main areas of application of company fpga products, the main product series of programmed logical device products, divided into the Titan series, the logos series and the cpld series.
The Board has a variety of industries that can meet the needs of its clients. The Titan series is an autonomous right of ownership of China's first national product, and tens of thousands of high-performance fpga products, using the 40nm mainstream process, were awarded the China Harbour Best Potential Award 2016, the Golden Innovations and Applications Award 2017, and the Integrated Circuit Industries Technology Innovation Strategy 2018.
A series of national semiconductor industry awards, such as the Alliance Innovation Award, have been highly recognized by the industry. In addition, purple light has developed a large-scale fpga development software with autonomous national intellectual property rights – pango designsuite – that can support the design of tens of thousands of class fpga devices, which are currently scarcely available around the world.
A self-owned eda fpga manufacturer, a high-value fpga product launched by the same product company, with a programmable logic module of 15 k~50k, embedded in ddr3 hard
Logos is a column fpga core that supports interfaces such as 1.25 gbpslvds, mipid-phy and the Ram soft error detection and correction function.
Titan is a domestic high-performance fpga product that uses a 40nm mainstream process and owns a 40nm-high-performance product.
configurable logical units (clm) for column fpga innovations, dedicated 18kb storage units (drm), arithmetic processing units (apm), high-speed string interface modules (hsst), multifunctional high performances10 and rich timer resources
Modules to support high-speed interfaces, such as pcie 1.0/2., ddr3, Ethernet. A wide range of applications can be applied in such market areas as communication networks, video images, information security.
Compact series cpld spi, osc, ram, pll, etc. rich interfaces to support ram soft error detection and correction functions, high functionality, competition, etc.
There is a strong competition to replace all 3.3vcpld, low-power fpga products available in the industry.
Pangodesignsuite is a large-scale fpga development software developed by the company on the basis of more than 10 years of fpga development of software technology and engineering practices that can support the design development of tens of thousands of class fpga devices, support industry standard development processes, and achieve a full set of operations from rtl integration to the configuration of data stream generation downloads.
The area of cybercommunications is one of the main applications of fpga chips, and according to frost&sullivan data, the fpga chip sales in China for 2020 will amount to $6.21 billion, representing 41.3 per cent of the market share of the fpga chip in China, with a combined growth rate of 17.5 per cent between 2021 and 2025.
Consumer electrons are one of the emerging applications of fpga chips. The fpga chips can be used on smart phones, drones, smart televisions, ar/vr devices. In the design of consumer electronics, in many cases, messages such as video, audio, etc. require data communication with computing chips, and the fpga chip programming features make the product unique.
Flexibility, which can be applied to different consumer products, and the short development cycle of fpga chips, can be a better match to the demand for fast consumer electronic product rotation cycles, and the high demand for new product development time. Artificial intelligence is expected to break through the fpga ceiling. The current one area is about who should sing fpga, gpu, cpu.
The main subject is still debating that one's most critical is deep learning, the most central of which is the algorithm, the ability to process large amounts of data, and the fpga's higher processing capacity and lower energy consumption in large amounts of data processing, but relatively more costly. If fpga's application in the one is consensual, its market potential is enormous, and it may make fpga more expensive.
3.3 Tang Shan Crystal Source: The Stone Crystal is stable and the profits of income are rising steadily. The Purple Company Tang Shan Crystal is primarily responsible for the Stone British Crystal Frequency Device. The Stone Crystal Frequency Device is a resonance component made from the reverse voltage power effects of the Stone Crystal, which provides a stable and accurate frequency.
The company's stone crystals frequency instruments are divided into quartz crystals and stone crystals. The stone crystals amplifiers can be combined with peripheral circuits to form oscillators... to produce signals for a given frequency. The stone crystals vibrate can connect to external voltage sources, to produce stable frequency signals. The product covers crystals, crystals, crystals, presses, crystals, etc.
The main product categories such as thermocrystal amplifiers, thermocrystal oscillators, etc., are widely used in the areas of network communications, car electronics, industrial controls, artificial intelligence, medical equipment, and intelligent combinations. Business returns are rising steadily.
After several asset restructurings, the focus of operations gradually shifted. But the overall crystals business continued to rise steadily, with revenues rising from 157 million in 2018 to 287 million in 2022, and the cagr to 16.28%, and the Māori rate rising, opening up new areas such as 5g and the Internet.
New market areas such as instrumentation, object networking, etc.. Continuously advancing the development of 5g terminals with high-based frequency crystals and mini-chip crystals, 5g communications with new products such as ocxo1409 Heat Oscillator and microchemical vcxo oscillator, autopilot with pressure control frequency modules (fcxo), network communications with histostatic vibrations (ocxo) and their companions with the constant temperature crystals and
The production of new products, such as sc-cut chip, high voltage grid failure detection modules, has been further enhanced. The “Psalmonium Reconciler Industrialization Project”, which produces 200 million pieces of communications network equipment per year, has been successfully implemented through acceptance, while the “Illite Stone Resonance Reconciling Technology Project, which produces 192 million pieces per year”, was declared by the company as “Small Stone Resonator Development and Industrialization”
Hebei Province Science and Technology Progress Award 2022. 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals Key assumptions: Equipment based on equipment information construction, national production substitution and release into special areas in mid- and late-fourteen-five
The impact of these factors is that the company ' s performance is expected to increase at an incremental rate based on steady growth, and we are assuming a certain decline in the Māori rate in 2023, assuming that the competitive market will become more intense, adding low-cost customer requirements, and that the key assumption is that the company ' s overseas operations have expanded rapidly over the last two years, and that the country is also approaching a period of social security and identity change, which is expected to happen.
The country is one of the leaders of the national design industry, the main integrated circuit operation, which includes both special integrated circuits and intelligence, and a large part of the safe chip, with special integrated circuits benefiting from the 1455 downstream demand and national production replacements, with fast-growing performance and a very high climate. Purple has been built up in special areas with many years of research and development experience.
Technical barriers and barriers to access, with a very high rate of market access, are expected to benefit fully from the release of equipment and the replacement of national production. We are firmly committed to the future of the company, which is expected to make a net profit of 2,661 million yuan in 2023-2025. Depending on the company’s business situation, we have chosen a regenerative microelectric, Zhenhua technology, and a similar structure to that of the company’s business.
The company is a chip design company that has focused on special chips and smart safety chips over the years, and in recent years it has achieved significant growth in business performance, if future company technology and products are not available.
Keeping the existing lead or new projects under-researched, leading to a decline in market competitiveness, which in turn leads to lower profits and even losses for companies, which have a significant negative impact on the company’s ability to sustain profitability. With the adjustment of client product demand planning and the participation of competitors in the special integrated circuit market, if special integration takes place,
The company as a chip design R & D company, its drifting processes are negotiated from downstream to substitute, and if downstream manufacturing is not able to meet the company’s demand for orders, it will have a negative impact on the company’s creditworthiness.
The global semiconductor industry chain risks. The semiconductor industry is a global collaborative industry, and some of our high-end semiconductor industry chains are not fully connected, which could affect the output of the corporate chip if the future policy blockade increases.
This report is presented independently, objectively, with due diligence and professionalism. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.