Low-pressure taps, "new energy" brings "new power" - the first-time coverage report of the real-estate appliance insists on "business-based, innovation-based development":
It is strongly recommended (first rating) that companies, since they were listed, have made progress towards low-pressure electrical system solutions, taking advantage of strong industry leaders, outstanding brand advantages, strong technological innovation capabilities and upgrading of their own industrial chains.
Reciprocal transformation, while taking advantage of new energy development opportunities and power transformation opportunities, leads the world’s intelligent energy solution providers in a cross-cutting manner. Become providers of industry-wide business and system solutions for the electrical industry “to deliver, to deliver, to store, to transform, to adapt, to use”.
Low-pressure electrical products become stable cash bulls and will grow steadily in the future: Lee Faressan's revenues occupy the first echelons, after international giants like Schneider.
Market positioning is accurate, and the products under the banner of the “Nakkulun” and the noaek subsidiary, respectively, have established good product advantages. At present, industrial automation is being upgraded, while investment in power grid distribution has increased significantly, and the macroeconomic landscape will help the company’s low-pressure electricity market continue to grow.
“New energy” brings with it a “new dynamic”: in 2016, the company completed a major asset restructuring, incorporated new energy sources in the publicly listed company system, complementary advantages of both sides, and new energy sources in Thailand grew rapidly in 2017.
Over-expected, with the rapid development of distributed and declining electricity costs, the Internet is expected to be available at real parity in 2020, when the photovoltaic sector will move from a policy-subsidized to a market-driven one, where the new energy main business will be the sale of solar components, the operation of photovoltaic power plants and the development of photovoltaic power plants.
The company has a strong system integration capacity, and now operates distributed power stations at the central power station of 2gw and 700mw, which will maintain the pc and operation projects of 600-700mw per year. At the same time, he has the dual advantage of "distributors plus expertise" and leads in the field of household photovoltaics.
By September 2017, the company had accumulated 30,000 users, installed more than 150 mw, ranked first in the country, with a target of 40,000 installed in 2017 and 200,000 in 2018.
Consider the company's future business growth steady and give it a “strongly recommended” rating: 1---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The company specializes in the development, production and sale of low-pressure electrical products of more than 100 series and 10,000 specifications, such as electrical distribution, control, terminal, electrical and electrical appliances. The company has won the National Quality Management Award and the first Zhejiang Provincial Government Quality Award.
The award, the first Winzhou City Mayor's Quality Award, was successfully placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 21 January 2010, becoming China's first stock listing company with low-pressure appliances. In an era of economic globalization, companies pursued their development strategy of “internationalization, technologicalization, industrialization” and pursued it vigorously.
Institutional innovation, STI and management innovation, product expansion from lower to lower middle, market expansion from domestic to global, value chain expansion from the provision of monolithic products to the provision of systemic solutions, business expansion from endogenous to modern enterprises, including M&As and capital operations, striving to make the real Thai appliances “World One”
A comprehensive solution provider of low-pressure appliances.” Since it was listed, companies have made the transition to low-pressure electrical system solutions without taking advantage of strong industry leaders, outstanding brand advantages, powerful technological innovations and upgrading of their own industrial chains.
The company will further harness the opportunities for new energy development and power transformation through the overall synergy of the industrial chain to achieve cross-cutting development to the world's leading suppliers of smart energy solutions. It will become a provider of whole-chain enterprises and systems solutions in the electrical sector.
The Department ' s research and development centres, manufacturing bases and logistics centres are currently divided into low-voltage electrical and solar components. Low-voltage electrical appliances include end-use appliances, electrical distribution, control appliances, instrumentation, building appliances, electrical appliances, electronics and control systems;
The solar component consists of solar cell assemblies, photovoltaic power plant engineering contracts and power station operations. Of these, Tai, the solar energy business was the company ' s acquisition in 2016 of the new energy development of Jeong-tae through increased distribution to controlling shareholders such as the Heung-tae Group, and 2, low-pressure appliances become cash cow products, which will grow steadily in the future.
2.1, Pride of low-pressure electrical taps, national product plates Low-pressure appliances are usually used to operate at 50hz or 60hz, with rated voltage of 1,200 v and below, or direct current voltage of 1,500 v and below electrical circuits that can be connected manually or automatically according to external signals and requirements.
In the industrial, agricultural, transport, defence, and people’s power sectors, most of the electricity is provided with low-voltage power, since the quality of this electrical component will directly affect the reliability of the low-voltage power supply system.
The low-pressure electrical landscape is closely related to grid infrastructure, real estate and manufacturing, industry growth is strongly related to gdp water, and the entire industry market is now about 70 billion yuan/year, and the low-pressure electrical industry is already a fully marketed and competitive industry.
Schneider, abb, Siemens, Jung-tae Electric (annual operating income of more than $10 billion); second-tier teams, including De Lissy, Xin-seok, custom switches, etc.; third-tier, small regional companies, product homogenization, with major gains in the real estate sector. In 2016, the company generated $12.32 billion in low-pressure appliances, which were part of the market.
It can be seen that the company ' s terminal, distribution and control appliances are the main collection points for low-pressure appliances and are on the rise from year to year, while in 2012 the company ' s low-pressure electrical operations received more than $10 billion in total revenue.
The placement of the low-pressure poles and the company ' s start-up: instrumentation, construction appliances and control systems, the start-up of the industry, the expansion of the business, led to a marked increase in the Māori rate of corporate products beginning in 2011 and now stabilizing at around 30 per cent.
Figure 4: Māori and total Māori rates for low-pressure electrical products in companies (%.2.2), too hard technical capacity, market positioning, representatives of Chinese manufacturing, consistent with autonomous innovation, and research and development of a range of autonomous intellectual property rights that are internationally advanced
So far, the company has developed more than 100 series, more than 200 base-type new products with the autonomous intellectual property rights of the country, and three series of products - a telecommunication intelligence-type all-power cut-off,
Electronic relays, smart modular plastic shell breakers were included in the National Ministry of Science and Technology torch project. 77 new in-house product developments were completed in the first half of 2017, 5 projects at the municipal level in the external provinces, and 4 production lines were developed and delivered. 294 patent applications were completed, 206 were authorized; 38 trademarks were registered and trademarks were renewed.
The company's “nm1le-400 remaining power flow as circuit breakers” was evaluated as a new product in a good industry in Zhejiang province.
In 2010, the company formed a fully-owned subsidiary, Noaeknoyak, dedicated to high-end markets such as Europe and the United States, after years of cultivation, thanks to the global lead design, the material selection, the sophisticated manufacturing process and the rigorous testing system, the “eqa good security” system, which Noyak ably built.
To provide clients with the industry's leading quality assurance; at the same time, Nojak has obtained the German Red Dot Award (reddotdesignaward) for the U.S., Czech and Poe to date.
High-end electrical system solutions are provided by electricity, infrastructure, industrial customers in such places as Lan, Romania, Ukraine, Australia, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia, and products have been widely used in more than 30 countries and territories in Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific.
At the same time, in 2016, the company re-launched a new series of products, "Nakkulun." The new series of products, "Nhkullen" included four broad categories: a single energy breaker, a plastic shell breaker, a terminal distribution and electric motor control and protection, which was a completely new product that the company was preparing to launch in three years, and a homogeneity of the company's desire to change its low-pressure appliances in the country.
In the first half of the year, the company further strengthened its merger and acquisition efforts by refinancing the Chinese Electrical Department with $142,485,000.
100 per cent of the company ' s issued and paid equity (excluding lighting operations); 20 per cent of the RMB 60 million RMB CHIN Ltd. was financed to transfer 51 per cent of the share held by SANTDC in the amount of RMB 16,99434,000, with phased results in the management of the strategic priority projects.
“Investment in industrial automation + network” has grown significantly, the market for low-pressure appliance appliances has continued 2.3.1, “Chinese manufacturing” has led to industrial upgrading, and good corporate control of electrical appliances is now facing a transformational upgrading and upgrading of the automation and intelligent production stages of our manufacturing sector, in order to achieve China's "Chinese economy"
The country’s goal of 2025 is to achieve a better development of automated and intelligent equipment in the next five to ten years. The company’s control of electrical appliances is an important component of industrial automation, and upgrading the domestic industrial production line will have a positive impact on the company’s control of electrical sales.
Starting in mid-2016, the general and specialized equipment manufacturing landscape of the country rose significantly, as did the manufacturing pmi index, which began to stand above the 50 per cent line in 2016, with multiple macro-level data showing a strong demand for growth in our manufacturing sector, which is closely linked to the industrial upgrading required by our development of “Chinese manufacturing”.
Automation has picked up recovery and growth. 2.3.2, there has been a significant increase in the input of the grid, and we have been investing in electricity from the grid to the grid, and we have been investing in the grid in recent years.
The power distribution network action plan calls for a cumulative investment of at least $1.7 trillion in grids over the period of “13 and 5” to address the delay in the construction of grids, while the distribution network action plan calls for automatic coverage of power distribution and the distribution of telecommunications networks in the country by 2020.
Coverage, smart meter coverage, is 90%.95% and 90%, of which the difference between distribution automation is most marked: by the end of 2016, the country ' s cities had only 38% coverage of distribution automation, and in the next few years it will have been built in the first half of 2017, and the national grid will have completed a capital investment of 234 billion, of which 226 billion will have been invested in electricity grids.
With a 7.6% increase in the same year, the state has invested heavily to support the development of the grid, and the power supply capacity of the grid will be further enhanced by the accumulation of the national grid, with a steady increase in the distribution grid from 2017 to 2018. The company’s electricity distribution products will also benefit from a significant increase in investment in the grid.
“New energy” brings a “new impetus” to the company’s significant asset restructuring in 2016, the integration of new energy sources in the listed company system, the complementarity of advantages, and the rapid growth of new energy sources in Thailand in 2017.
Accurately expanding the core markets based on large clients has made progress in multiple priority markets around the world. The first half of the year saw 220 mw of additional grid-connected ground and roof power plants, under construction of project 363mw; a self-injected, step-by-step residential power plant, with 22.65 mw of grid-connected capacity, in cooperation with the Light Voltage Industries Company, a subsidiary of the French gas engie.
Europe’s autarco global epc project, Brazil’s actis, among other partners. The company continues to keep Peng Bo (bloomberg) in selecting first-stage component suppliers, achieving the highest ranking of photonconsulting; marketing of the components through the epc business leads to 30mw, 2mw, and 2mw,
The Phenomena industry continues to be over-predicted, with huge potential for future growth. According to the National Solar Development 13th Five-Year Plan, by the end of 2020, the country's Photovoltaic Power Plants will have been installed in a number of countries.
The capacity will reach around 250gw, while, according to the China Road Map for Renewable Energy Development 2050 (National Development Project), our photovoltaic installed capacity will reach 400gw and 1,000gw by 2030 and 2050, respectively, when solar energy will transition from the current complementary energy sources to alternative sources of energy and gradually become our capacity.
One of the main energy sources of the system of sources, thanks to the significant growth in the 13th Five-Year Plan indicators and distribution patterns, the country reached an all-time high of 53.1gw in 2017.
According to the latest state of global renewable energy report, re21, the ratio of global photovoltaic power generation to 2016 is 1.5 per cent, whereas theoretically, in the absence of the associated capacity, the share of electricity generation is about 20 per cent, there is more than 10 times the space available in the industry, and there will be more space if future storage costs are rapidly declining to become economic.
Figure 9: The share of solar power generation in 2016 is 1.5% since:seeendnote36forthischapter. At the same time, the cost of photovoltaic power is declining and it is expected that the Internet will be flat in 2020, when the photovoltaic industry will be able to access the Internet
The market space will be further opened, driven by policy subsidies. “Development + Operations” to build energy services will be the three main panels for the sale of solar components, operation of photovoltaic power plants and development of photovoltaic power plants.
The company has a strong system integration capability, while its battery and component costs and technical capabilities are in the forefront of the industry, its component capacity is 2gw, its battery power is 1.3gw, its future battery capacity will expand to 2gw, and its new capacity is based on single crystals, and the company works closely with Lungi shares.
The company purchases single crystal silicon tablets at a slightly lower price than the market price, thus giving its components the advantage of efficiency and cost. 2gw (1gw in the west, 1gw in the east) and 700mw distributed power stations are currently operated by the company, which will maintain the pc and operating projects of 600-700mw per year in the future.
As reported in the company ' s annual report in 2016, solar power generation income was $4.72 billion, with a Māori rate of 17.55 per cent; photovoltaic power project contract revenue was $1.640 billion, with a Māori rate of 20.02 per cent; power station operation revenue was $1,111 million, with a Māori rate of 53.26 per cent.
The result is a significant increase in the self-supply of the company ' s components, and the company will be positioned in the future in the new energy service company, with power station camps and development as its main business. As a result, the share of business will also change considerably.
"Dealers + Specialized Technology" has a clear light-voltage advantage in Thailand. 3.3.1. Household light is growing rapidly. The future is huge. The country is vast, its population is large, especially in rural areas, its roofs are rich and especially suitable for household use.
According to national electricity grid statistics, 20,000 new households were added to the grid in 2015 and 150,000 in 2016. We believe that, as policy support and technology costs are further reduced, household photovoltaics will continue to grow at a high rate, and businesses have seen this market cake and are running.
In the ring, we expect to reach 400,000 new households in 2017 and 600,000 conservatively in 2018.
The potential of the photovoltaic market for rural households is approximately 125gw, based on 70w/m2. The percentage is currently at a single level, together with future household photovoltaics, which will be extended to urban households, and the future market space is therefore huge.
As household photovoltaics have a triple attribute of “consumable goods + investment + industrial goods”, enterprises not only have to solve problems with product technology, but also have to set up marketing channels, build and install products, resolve financial loans, and the market is at an early stage, with a large and diverse number of participants, with two main categories of participants:
Businesses in the photovoltaic sector have an industry background and typically have photovoltaic power generation experience or core industrial components, and represent enterprises with solar energy, or solar power, or solar energy. Enterprises in the non-PV sector generally have better marketing channels and consumer goods.
According to the company's announcement, in the first half of 2017, the company used more than 15,000 photo-voltage units in the province.
With over 40% of the market, a branding effect has been created, with 40,000 units expected to be installed throughout the year 2017. In addition, companies have changed their business model from the start-up lease to the direct sale mode.
Financial institutions, such as the Wenzhou Bank of Business and the Bank of Rue Fung, have established deep strategic cooperation to provide special financial support for the “Golden Top Treasure” rental model, the first in Zhejiang province, for zero-cost residents. They have also worked with the China People’s Security Strategy to become part of the industry.