The purchase of real-estate appliances (601877.sh) (first rating) The return of low-pressure appliances to high-growth, big-breeding, globalisation, household use of photovoltaics to create new growth poles of performance
Injecting into a two-wheel-drive pattern of GTO assets, the performance will continue to grow rapidly, the company being the largest low-pressure electrical tap in the country, the company issued shares and ancillary financing in 2016, and the GTO photovoltaic asset acquisition has developed a "low-pressure electrical plus photovoltaic" two-wheel-drive pattern.
A 24% increase in q3 in 2017 and a 24% compound increase in 2017-2019 is expected. Improved demand for downstream real estate, electricity, and manufacturing has led to a sustained recovery in the low-pressure appliance sector.
In the future, the rapid rise in land acquisition by real estate companies indicates a sustained increase in real estate investment and a stable pmi.
The manufacturing landscape will continue in the short term. And our urbanization process and the huge demand for housing for business and industry, as well as the trend towards the automation of traditional manufacturing industries, have created long-term stability in low-pressure appliances, which, thanks to economies of scale and the marginal price of bulk materials, will result in higher net corporate profits than income growth.
Building a unique photovoltaic model, with overseas investment and household photovoltaics becoming the bright spot for performance, and companies building overseas investment into a light-for-development strategy based on the six main advantages of integration, pre-eminence and so on, mainly through investment deployment of overseas components and battery production, as well as the construction of overseas power plants.
Household use of photovoltaic cash flows and returns is attractive for investment, and the industry is breaking out. Companies use photovoltaic operations with full-chain product coverage and the advantage of a potential extension channel for 2,000 distributors. Market pre-positioned, around 50,000 units installed by the end of 17, with a high ratio in Zhejiang.
35%. By 2020, companies are expected to have 660,000 photovoltaic units. Sales models will continue to expand as a priority, with a combined 18% increase in the total income of the photovoltaic plate.
The acquisition of the Xinhua Corporation and the acquisition of controlled information shares has been gradually moving into the field of military intelligence based on a “one-on-one” strategy: acquisition of new pool energy, Spanish grabat and Chinese lithium, and strong layout of graphite batteries for research and development and production, which is expected to make a breakthrough in future performance.
Profit forecasting and investment advice: The company is a domestic low-pressure electrical flagship, while households use photovoltaic operations to jump-start growth with photovoltaics, and operate with stable profits. The net profit from the company is expected to be 2.750 billion, 3.5 billion, and 3.5 billion, respectively, for the period 2017-2019.
Policies such as real estate restrictions have greater uncertainty: large quantities of raw materials may continue to rise to pressure on the Maori rate; household photovoltaic development is progressing at a slower rate than expected; and company accompaniment financing was set to increase and release on 22 February.1 “low pressure appliances + photovolts” form a synergy and corporate performance continues to grow at a high rate
1.1 Zhejiang Jung-tae Electric Co. Ltd. was established in August 1997 as the Nucleus Holdings of the Chuang-Thai Group Ltd. The company was set up to focus on electrical distribution, terminal, control appliances, power sources.
Low-pressure appliances and electronics, instrumentation, building appliances and automated control systems, among others, were successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 21st, becoming the first Chinese company to have a share in low-pressure appliances. In 2016, the company increased its presence to seven enterprises, including the Jeonghai Group, and 161 natural persons in the South.
As a result, the company formed the two main business pillars of “low-pressure appliances + photovoltaics,” which enabled listed companies to take advantage of the opportunities for electricity change,
The company's performance has continued to grow, with the country's low-voltage electrical tap being the country's low-voltage distribution pole, with low-voltage electrical production at the top of the country's sales.
More than 100 series of low-pressure electrical products of more than 10,000 specifications have been developed, produced and marketed in the field of appliances, and the volume of products sold has been the highest in the country for many years, maintaining a good growth rate. In comparison with 2015, sales of corporate end-uses and electronics increased by more than 20 per cent in 2016.
There has also been an increase of more than 15% in the sales of electrical appliances, controlled appliances, and electrical appliances, and it is expected that companies will continue to have an advantage in the domestic low-voltage distribution market. Corporate performance has improved, and profits have recovered more than 20% of the increase.
From 2015, corporate performance grew again, with business income rising at a rate of more than 10%. In 2016, corporate acquisitions of the company’s home-grown assets increased 22.27%, re-entering 20% of the platform; and, by the third quarter of 2017, the company’s home-grown net.
Profits increased by nearly 30 per cent and performance continued to grow year-round. 1.3 Corporate equity is concentrated, with a higher share in real control. q3 as of 2017, the top 10 shareholders of the company held 70 per cent of the company ' s shares, of which the real Thai Group shares
The company's first shareholder. The company's chairman, Mr. Kazuo Namoshi, is the company's actual controller, holding 4.43% of the company's shares directly, and indirectly holding the company's shares through the Jeong-tae Group Ltd. and the Zhejiang Jung-tae Energy Investment Co. Ltd., respectively.
60% of the shares, with a high proportion of the actually controlled holdings. 1.4 Restrictive stock incentive schemes stimulate core motivation. Corporate equity incentives are primarily directed at middle-level managers and core technical and business personnel.
On 1 July 2017, the annual equity incentive award scheme was announced. Companies have granted restricted shares to middle-level managers and core technical (operational) personnel of companies to bind their core interests, helping to motivate the staff of the Department and to maintain stability in the technology and management team of the company.
In the company ' s announced equity incentive scheme, the conditions for a company ' s performance in unlocking restrictive shares are: based on a net profit in 2016, the net profit achieved in 2017 and 2018 years compared to 2016, the recovery of the low-pressure appliance industry is driven by improved downstream demand.
2.1 A company with a full range of low-pressure electrical products, with fixed-asset investments as a precursor to the industry's climate.
The company ' s low-voltage electrical products, which cover electrical distribution, terminal appliances, control appliances, electrical appliances, electronics, instrumentation, building appliances and control systems, eventually entered photovoltaic assets for the highest-income products in 2015, turning the company ' s most profitable products into the sale of solar-powered batteries.
The income from the original distribution still accounts for 62.34% of the total income. Companies have a large variety of low-voltage appliances, which are used in almost all sectors.
This is achieved through the distribution of low-voltage appliances. So, in large low-voltage distribution systems and low-voltage electrical systems, a lot of control and protection of low-voltage appliances is required. As the country’s electricity demand continues to grow, there will be significant incremental demand, as well as demand for replacement and maintenance of current low-voltage appliances.
By 2017, China had a total capacity of 1.78 billion kilowatts. If, based on 10,000 kilowatts of electricity, about 60,000 units of various types of low-pressure appliances are needed, a simple estimate of the low-pressure appliances currently in use is available.
In general, low-pressure appliance products are used for five to six years, and this amount is based on the rapid growth of China’s economy and the increasing use of electricity, with about 2 billion replacements in one year.
The industrial landscape is closely related to fixed-asset investment. Because of the wide range of low-pressure appliances, which are available in almost all areas of the national economy, low-pressure appliances are among the basic capital items of national economic development.
The construction process necessarily requires the construction of the relevant electrical facilities, and the construction of the electrical facilities necessarily requires the use of low-voltage appliances, so the temperature of the low-voltage electrical industry is highly correlated with the capital investment.
This is a specific analysis of industries with a larger share of downstream use in real estate, electricity, manufacturing, communications, etc. Since the second half of 2016, fixed-asset investment has been steadily increasing and rebounding, with the low-pressure appliance sector having “ashore” in 2016, and the market size is expected to grow steadily in the 13th and 5th years.
In the third quarter of the year, the cumulative investment in fixed assets has gradually stabilized and rebounded slightly. To benefit from this, the low-pressure appliance industry has gradually rebounded in 2016 and has grown slightly throughout the year, and is expected to continue to grow by 8 per cent in 2017 - data from the Chinese Electrical Industry Association, and the combined rate of production of low-pressure appliances in China is about 8 per cent.
Taking into account the price factors, we predict that our low-pressure appliance market will remain at an average of 7 per cent per year from 2018 to 2020, and that the industry will grow at a rate similar to that of gdp, which is expected to reach about $90 billion by 2020. 2.2 New start-up in real estate will lead to a recovery in low-pressure appliances in the current round, with short-term real estate keeping warm.
Real estate is an important downstream application area for low-voltage appliances, and new areas for real estate start-up can be used as a first indicator. Real estate is built in such a way as to build power units and power distribution networks at all levels to transmit the power grids that come through the intermediate and transformers of the transformer rooms to low-voltage, then flow through the low-voltage cabinets and all the other ones.
Level-by-class electrical units are transferred to load centres, and electrical distribution and terminal appliances are widely used to protect these loaded electrical excesses, short circuits, leaks, etc. So low-voltage appliances applied in real estate are closely related to the area of the new start-up building, the larger the area of the new start-up property, which means low pressure.
The higher the demand for electrical appliances. Given that real estate starts on the date when houses start to break down, and usually when low-pressure appliances are tendered at all levels, when buildings are close to capping, the average time between construction and the bottom is about one year, so the housing sector uses low-pressure appliances relative to the new ones.
New work on real estate in 2016 contributed significantly to the recovery of low-pressure appliances last year, and the use of low-pressure appliances in real estate will continue to grow rapidly in 2018.
A negative growth continued until the cumulative year-on-year real estate sales started positive and were realized in May 2015, when house sales were weak, the real estate industry was under greater stock pressure, and the new start-up continued to grow negative until the start-up of real estate in 2016 was finally positive and the build-up of real estate began in April 2016.
This is 21.4% long, the largest cumulative increase since November 2011. The following year, in 2016, there was an 8.1% increase in the number of new jobs, and we saw a turning point in the explosion of low-pressure appliances in 2017, owing to a delay of about one year in the use of low-pressure appliances in real estate relative to new start-ups.
New construction started in 2017 with an increase of 7 per cent over the same year and a similar increase of 8.1 per cent over the 2016 year, with a cumulative increase at the end of the fourth quarter of 2017, so we firmly believe that the use of low-voltage appliances in real estate will continue to grow rapidly in 2018.
In the long term, the urbanization process and the huge demand for industrial and industrial housing in our country are the basis for steady growth in the future real estate market. The proportion of our urban population rose from 36% at the beginning of 2000 to 57% in 2016, the number of urban residents reached 790 million, and the rapid urbanization process directly boosted the country ' s real estate market.
According to DARC projections, the proportion of our urban population is expected to outpace 60% in the coming years, i.e. 10 million people per year from 2017 to 2020, and the growth in our housing investment provides space. Another important component of our real estate market is office buildings and operations.
The rapid growth of the Chinese economy has led to an increase in the number of corporate entities from 6.51 million to 12.59 million in 2015, and an increasing number of businesses have a strong demand for investment in office buildings and business premises. Of our newly built buildings, houses, villas, and high-end apartments in 2016, China has been operating.
In the short and medium term, the rapid increase in land acquisition by real estate development companies indicates a lack of investment in real estate.
Not pessimistic. The recovery in the short, medium-term low-pressure electrical sector is expected to continue. Real estate sales in 2015 led the lead in the area of new start-up in real estate and in the acquisition of land warmer by developers, with land sales, new start-up in real estate, and cumulative improvement in the indicators for the acquisition of land by developers.
Real estate warming has also led to a reduction in stocks through sales, which has led to an increase in the area under construction and, finally, an increase in land acquisitions by real estate operators following a reduction in land reserves. Land acquisitions by real estate development enterprises have increased steadily over the same year in 2017, with land acquisitions increasing by 15.8 per cent over the year and November 2017.
2.3 Building electrical assets injected into the company ' s industrial chain and are expected to become a new profit growth point. Construction appliances are also stimulated by real estate warming, and revenue growth is starting to accelerate. In 2012, the company acquired Zhejiang Chengtai Building and Electrical Co. Ltd., which injects high-quality building and electrical assets into public companies.
In 2016, the company generated $1,059 million, or 5.35 per cent of total operating income, and the company's construction and electrical products were complete and capable of providing solutions. The company injected building and electrical assets.
After that, a series of products, such as wall switches, mobile plugs, led lighting, smart homes, etc., have been introduced into four major control systems: environmental control systems, atmosphere control systems, security control systems, entertainment control systems. At the same time, the company combines a full set of low-pressure solutions and smart building system integration techniques.
There are smart buildings, homes, and electrical integration solutions. Products such as sales channels, building appliances, and terminal appliances are open to real-estate customers, and their future distribution channels are expected to accelerate, and low pressure appliances will be effective in increasing the coverage of smart home products.
The construction and electrical industry solutions offered by the fishing counters and the Olympic stadiums in Tianjin, with outstanding operational capabilities. The 2.4 trillion-dollar network investment plan and the upgrade of network automation will boost the distribution of electrical appliances.
During the period of steady growth, the focus of investment is shifted from the backbone network to the side of the distribution grid. According to the power distribution grid renovation action plan, it is expected to be an approximate event. Electrical appliances are usually used for other end-of-grid end-of-the-grid settings, such as low-pressure cabinets in city grids, and increased investment in the distribution grids will strongly boost the consumption of electrical appliances.
Renovation of the grid focuses on increasing the reliability and intelligence of the grid. The Plan of Action for Renovation of the grid (2015-2020) states that investment in and construction of the grid in the current phase of the country will focus on the reliable and intelligent construction of the grid, thus driving demand for low-voltage electrical appliances at the end of the grid.
Four generations of low-voltage appliance technologies have begun to focus more on smartness, small modularization and telecommunication, networking, which are key components in deciding on grid automation, intelligence capabilities, and one of the basic conditions for building a high-power reliability, high-quality power control, greater compatibility, and a more interactive network of users.
Company electrical appliance operations benefit from increased investment in grid distribution and intelligent construction.
After a negative growth under a high investment base of $4 trillion in September, the company ' s electricity distribution performance after 2011 benefited from a new boom in grid investment, which grew rapidly, with income from low-voltage distribution products growing by more than 37% in 2011. But investment in grids was driven mainly by investment in backbone networks, and during the 13th Five-Year Period I was active.
The country has shifted the focus of its investment in the grid from the backbone to the side of the grid, with investments on the side of the grid far exceeding the 11th and 12th five-year periods. The company’s revenue from electrical distribution in 2016 has reversed the downward trend, with near-growth, and the company’s performance on the panel is expected to continue to improve in the future.
2.5 Downstream manufacturing recovery and industrial automation opened up room for growth to control appliances. This round of manufacturing recovery, with a slight delay in capital asset investment, was followed by improved downstream manufacturing profits.
The manufacturing profit level again showed a rapid increase of nearly 25% in the first quarter of 2017, followed by a decline of some magnitude, but the annual rate of increase remained around 20%. But, with the sharp improvement in profits, the last round of high-quality firms retained at low manufacturing sites did not expand rapidly, starting with a further reduction.
The manufacturing sector’s increase in capital spending on fixed assets helped to stimulate electricity distribution equipment and control the growth of electricity demand in the manufacturing sector. The manufacturing sector’s increased investment in fixed assets, which in general was mainly invested in the expansion of the plant’s construction, was a major source of investment.
And the acquisition of machinery and equipment, as well as the automation of traditional manufacturing processes. The expansion of the building will require new or additional power distribution equipment, which will boost the demand for electrical appliances, while the purchase, purchase and automation of machinery and equipment will contribute significantly to the growth of demand for control appliances and end-use appliances.
As one of the most important areas of social fixed investment, the recovery of manufacturing investment and its stability will be effective in raising the profile of low-pressure appliances in manufacturing.
Completion of fixed asset investment: manufacturing: cumulative year-on-year Manufacturing: total profit: cumulative year-on-year heating of the machinery and equipment manufacturing industry continues to be positive, leading to a sustained recovery in the upstream industrial and regulatory sector.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the turning point for fixed capital investment in the manufacturing industry was six to nine months behind total manufacturing profits. Mechanical equipment manufacture is usually divided into general-purpose and specialized equipment, and machine tools as the most representative mechanical processing equipment can truly reflect downstream manufacturing demand, metal cut.
Since mid-2016, the production of cutting and forming machines has been on a positive upward trend, with a combined increase of 5.3 per cent in the two types of machines projected for the entire year 2017. Strong downstream demand and industrial automation will help sustain the recovery in the engineering-controlled sector.
The pmi index, which started a downward trend and was long below 52 after pmi reached its high stage of 5.3.3 in March 2012, has led to a decline or even negative growth in the industrial self-motivated industries upstream in the manufacturing sector. In August 2016, the pmi re-established its 50-percent boom line.
Over the above, and for 17 months in a row, the pmi index, which is usually about four quarters ahead of the industry, predicts that the industry’s climate will continue. At the same time, the current level of industrial automation in the country is no longer sufficient to meet the demands of modern industrial intelligence control, and a profound technological change is imperative.
With the acceleration of industrial automation in our country, more and more automated production of waterlines and smart equipment will occur, thus greatly increasing the use of controlled products. Control of electrical appliances and end-use appliances are generally used for small-scale industrial control products in the Oem applications of general-purpose equipment, specialized equipment, etc., and for large-scale industrial control.
Products and systems are usually used in dynamic sectors such as oil, metallurgy, electricity, and environmental and supply-side reforms that affect the recovery of oem applications in the current round are clearly faster than project-based applications. The company’s control of electrical operations is expected to continue to grow as a result of a recovery in industrial controls.
Electrical appliances are used extensively in machines, control cabinets, as circuit control protections. This round of manufacturing recovery has significantly increased the acquisition of a large number of machines, equipment and tools, thereby driving companies to control the sale of products and end appliances, from the relatively low use of end appliances in industrial oems to the wider use of end appliances.
So we've only been able to match the industrial control index and control the electrical acceleration. We've found that the company controls the electrical intake, that the semi-annual growth in the ring is basically behind the index ring for about six months, and that the 2016 H1 industrial control index is well-established, and that, from this, the company is expected to continue to grow.
3. The domestic market share is expected to continue to expand, opening up new growth space abroad, diversifying the 3.1 low-pressure electrical industry pattern, technological breakthroughs and value-added advantages that drive the domestic production of low-pressure appliances, the competitive component of our low-pressure electrical industry, and the division of industry patterns.
As the world’s largest producer of low-pressure electrical products, there are now more than 1,000 series of low-pressure electrical products, and the number of producers in the industry is around 2,000. Overall, the low-pressure electrical industry is competitive and highly marketed, resulting in foreign and domestic capital.
There is a pattern of co-operation and competition in the appliance industry, in which foreign firms account for about one third. Depending on market positioning and brand premiums, we can group all enterprises into three broad categories: the first group of firms, foreign brands that locate high-end markets, are leaders of low-pressure electrical technology, including Schneider, abb,
Siemens and others: The second is a brand of internal assets that is better positioned, more capable of R & D, and more visible in the country, and is represented by the real-thai appliances, the good-faith appliances, the familiar switches, the Shanghai People's Electric appliances, and Delisie: the third is a low-end brand of low-end internal assets that is not prominent in technological capabilities and highly homogeneous products.
Intra-capital technology breakthroughs and market interest in the value-added of products drive the domestic production of low-pressure appliances. In the past, our share of the market for high-end low-pressure appliances was still dominated by foreign brands, but as domestic brand development and production increased, more and more domestic brands were able to keep pace with the development of foreign brands and become more oriented.
Business openings for large medium- and even high-end markets. As the economy moves into “new normals,” more and more firms tend to pay more attention to the value of their products when purchasing low-pressure appliances, rather than simply pursuing foreign brands, so a high-quality, low-pressure domestic appliances are expected to benefit from this environment.
3.2 The trend of low-end output is continuing, and the company’s market share is expected to expand further. Low-end output is already emerging, and industry concentration is rising. Wenzhou and Jiangjiang are concentrated in a large number of low-pressure electrical producers in China, most of whom lack the technical and financial capacity to produce.
At the peak of the 1990’s, 70% of the country’s low-pressure appliances were made by Wenzhou, and from 2015 to 2016 were affected by the decline in industry’s climate, with some low-end production held by external demand.
In the long run, low-pressure electrical requirements, on the one hand, and rising human costs, the cost of raw materials and pressures on environmental standards, on the other, the low-pressure electrical capacity of some of the country’s major low-end products, on the other, will continue to rise.
There are about 10 low-pressure appliances, and the number of low-pressure appliances in the country is about 1,500-2000, and the number of low-pressure appliances in this sector is expected to decrease significantly in the future. By 2045, we are expected to have only about 60 low-pressure appliances, with a much larger increase in the number of leading companies.
The industry’s leading markets have accelerated, and the company’s share in the market has continued to expand. In the last five years, Jeong-tae’s low pressure has been on the industry as a whole, accounting for more than 17% of its revenues. Since 2015, as a result of the decline in the industry’s profile, low-end production capacity has begun to grow in large numbers due to continued low demand levels and the collapse of the financial chain.
By 2016, the company’s market share had risen to the future, and the market share of the corporation’s own high-quality combined power and low-end production capacity would continue to grow.
3.3 Domestic low-pressure electrical manufacturers will develop space overseas in the future, companies will expand their overseas operations, and global power capacity will continue to rise, with emerging markets contributing the bulk. Globally, per capita electricity consumption in developing countries across the world, including South America, is significantly below the global average.
The power-building level is equivalent to that of China in the 1990’s, and a significant number of countries and regions still suffer from power shortages, even power shortages, and huge power load demands. According to Bloomberg’s new energy finance, the global capacity for new installed capacity will continue to rise significantly in 2016-2021, with a total of 1937.9gw installed capacity of all types.
In the process, installed capacity in the Middle East and emerging market countries and regions such as Africa, Latin America, and South-East Asia/South Asia will contribute the main force.
Overseas low-pressure electrical products and channel strategies: The company provides a “low-pressure package” solution through the Noyak brand, establishing a regional headquarters to open up overseas markets.
There are about 1,000 employees and about 10% of technicians around the world. Nojak has headquarters in Europe, North America, and Asia and the Pacific, with Europe based in Prague, and North America based in Los Angeles, United States, and Asia and the Pacific based in Shanghai, China. Noyak has been working hard overseas on cabinets.
Egyptian factories have been set up in 2016, and Singapore’s low-pressure switch cabinets have been purchased in 2017, and Singapore’s low-pressure counters have been set up to operate overseas low-pressure cabinets.
Low-pressure appliances are sold. Now, Nojak has more than 200 international certifications, offering a variety of high-end electrical system solutions to electricity, infrastructure, industrial customers in 30 countries, including the United States, the Czech Republic, Poland, Romania, Ukraine, Australia, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia.
The company could offer a one-size-fits-all solution, from electricity distribution to low-voltage appliances. In addition to the low-pressure products of the company listed under the flag, the group also has medium-high-voltage electrical products, which have the advantage of the entire electrical chain, allowing the company to provide transmission and distribution services and low-voltage distribution.
In 2017, the company successfully signed the Albanian Power Authority ' s Low Voltage Distribution System Solutions Project.
The engine cabinet, with a total value of more than 20 million yuan, has achieved 100% of pre-shipment remittances, and has created a solid step for companies to open up their European markets while generating huge revenues.
Companies are working on a strategy of “Strategic Clients + Local Dealers Working Together” and are well placed overseas. Companies are fully committed to globalization strategies, building platforms for global business management and investment finance, innovative marketing models and mechanisms, and improving the functioning of regional headquarters. Companies develop differences according to different overseas markets.
Price conversion strategy, increasing sales: the overseas marketing strategy for low-pressure appliances, the company's strategy of “Strategic Customers + Local Dealers Collaboration”, the expansion and construction of high-quality technology and value-for-money advantages, the development of strategic collaboration with large project investors, developers, and the epc, implemented and proposed by local distributors
From 2010 to 2016, corporate income from low-pressure appliances abroad continued to rise. In 2015, when the domestic industry was depressed and performance declined, corporate sales abroad continued to grow by 23 per cent, or more than 10.9 per cent.
The company ' s overseas business income has increased more than twice the same time, mainly as a result of the injection of photovoltaic assets, and the new energy offshore epc project will use a large amount of electrical equipment, which will have a significant impact on the low-pressure package, which will capture two major trends in the industry and gradually transform the company into a solution provider.
As the low-pressure appliance industry progresses, we believe that the low-pressure appliance industry will present two major trends: a package of system solutions that meets industry development needs, and a growing market resulting from the rapid rise of the new industry. To this end, the low-pressure appliance industry will have to be prepared to keep pace with industry trends on two fronts:
One of the important trends in the low-pressure appliances industry is the growing importance of companies’ ability to provide solutions, which most low-pressure appliance manufacturers in the country are now mainly based on the provision of components.
The demand for precision in the industry is growing, and more and more owners want to directly purchase a low-voltage distribution package, so the trend in the future must be for low-voltage appliances to provide technical advisory services and system solutions in different industries, based on an in-depth understanding of the context in which different industries should be used.
2) The provision of solutions to expand new industries has also become a transformational direction for some of the producers. In recent years, emerging sectors such as data centres, new energy vehicles, new energy power generation, orbital transport have become increasingly clear, fixed asset investment and industry growth has been significant, fixed asset investment processes and products
The application has created a large demand for low-pressure electrical distribution and oem solutions, and has been active in these emerging industries, which have also become one of the trends in the future for low-pressure appliance manufacturers. At the same time, emerging technologies and products tend to be more up-to-date, and the rapid response of low-pressure appliance manufacturers to their R & D and products will be the first to do so.
Different industries require low-pressure appliances, posing a major challenge for branders to provide industry solutions and to enter new industries. Different industries also have different performance features.
Technology requirements. In the case of new energy industries, nuclear power generation, wind power generation and photovoltaic power, specific technical parameters are required for low-pressure appliances, making it difficult for firms with weak technological capabilities, a single product range, size and capital capacity to provide systematic solutions and to quickly develop appropriate solutions for emerging industries.
The company has developed a strong electrical solution mix for traditional and emerging industries, building on the group ' s full-product chain and multi-industry configuration. After more than 30 years of development, the group has developed its own industry.
It covers the entire industrial chain of “distribute, lose, transform, adapt, use” smart electrical equipment, and has entered the industrial automation information chain through mergers and acquisitions, self-development, clean energy and environmental conservation, smart manufacturing and high-end equipment, smart commerce, and intelligent home-based industries, and has formed five major industrial arrangements.
Product types form the advantage of their whole product chain to meet the technical requirements of industries to the maximum extent possible, and use this advantage to exploit the individualized needs of industries such as electricity, machinery, construction, communications, heating, metallurgy, petrochemicals, railways, etc., to continuously customize and improve electrical system solutions for users.
In terms of product layout, companies focus on accelerating the use of project-based sales as the main means of “Kullen” brands, industry-specific products and approximation.
Value added product structure optimized, with emphasis on the optimization of the cabinet and the client structure of industry end-users, and with the acquisition of 4,4 excellence technology, large distribution networks and automated production lines to shape the core competitiveness of companies, 4.1 focuses on technological strength and product quality, laying the foundation for winning customers.
Growing R & D investment guarantees companies the leading technological power. Since its inception, companies have focused directly on technology R & D. From 2013 to the first half of 2017, spending on R & D by companies has continued to grow, with 37% of R & D investment, as evidenced by the importance they attach to technology R & D. As at the end of 2016, companies had a total of
A high rate of investment in research and development and a high percentage of technical personnel can guarantee the company’s technical strength in the industry. The “Kunlun” brand will effectively improve the overall quality of the product through high-value access to the project-type market throughout 2016.
In January 2016, the company formed a professional research and development team of more than 400 people, which has been on the market for three years and has invested $150 million in the "Quinlon" series of products in order to improve the quality and brand value of the products, and to bring a low-pressure electrical industry back to the era of quality innovation and revolution.
Price ratios, based on high-quality traditional advantages, have improved product competitiveness across the four dimensions of safety, reliability, humanization, digitalization experience, and environmental conservation. Many of the Klon product indicators are well above industry standards, creating a new level of reliability for industry products.
Markets such as fairs and tour tours of cities across the country are rapidly taking over the market, and will in the future significantly replace a series of products that are less well-positioned and that will effectively improve the overall quality of the product. The whole set of contacts can be visualized, mishandling avoided, and more reliable in use:
A small circuit breaker with a rated current of 80a is only 18 mm wide and a rated current of 63a is left. The remaining power flow is only 36 mm wide. The volume is reduced by 30%, resulting in savings in installation of chint
Space; loads of 10ma, 30ma, 50ma, 75ma, 100ma, 300ma specifications, selects comprehensive and protects accuracy; selects multiple attachments as required, achieves multiple additional functions, reduces special customizations, reduces composition
Ben: -35°c ~70°c ambient temperature range. 70% ~120% super-power voltage condensation range to effectively avoid the impact of grid voltage fluctuations.
(a) More tagging of auxiliary contact points, 100a and below, 1no+1nc, 100a and above, 2no+2nc, optimizing inventory and increasing value for money;
Dismantling; 6a, 16a, 22a, 38a, 75a, with full coverage of 6 to 630a:-35°c ~70°c ambient temperature coverage; funding of the China Electrical Science Research Institute helps companies upgrade their industry standards.
In May of that year, the company contributed RMB 142 million to the new registered capital of the China Electrical Science Research Institute of RMB 389.95 million, accounting for 11% of the registered capital of the Chinese Electrical Institute after the current replenishment. The China Electrical Science Research Institute is a national innovative technology enterprise with a first-class research and development platform and capability.
The industrial sector has developed a stronger position in the equipment, testing, and materials industries. The company hopes to use this as an opportunity to further promote the upgrading of enterprises to productive services such as testing, integration, and packages, and to enhance their participation in international, national and industry standard-setting and to improve industry position and competitiveness.
In addition, companies have increased their scientific input and actively participated in the development and revision of national and international standards.
4.2 A well-developed marketing system and digital production create a core competitive advantage of the company. A well-developed marketing system creates the core competitiveness of the company.
The company developed and implemented a series of marketing strategies in a phased, geographically distributed manner, resulting in a three-tier marketing network centred on provincial and major industrial cities, with a focus on territorial cities, with district-level cities as radiation points, and now has the best and most robust distribution network in the industry.
In 2016, the company owned more than 300 core distributors, more than 2,000 distribution outlets (including overseas sales companies) and completed the construction of a web-based online order system and e-commerce platform through a “multiple system” (i.e., multiple systems across the road).
High standards of service quality have helped companies expand their share of the majority of Nannet’s customers. In 2017, the company won the Hongxi electricity grid, the China-South power grid’s low-pressure air switches, and the low-pressure electricity.