The fall in oil prices and product prices led to a loss in stock and short-term pressure on the company's performance: on the evening of 29 October 2025, China's petrochemical report was issued in the third quarter of 2025. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved operating income of 2,134.41 million yuan, a decrease of 10.69 per cent, compared with the previous quarter; and the return was achieved.
Net profits of $29,984 million, a 32.23 per cent decline in the same year; net profits of $30,552 million for non-repatriated mothers; falling oil prices and product prices have led to stock losses, and companies have been under pressure in the last three quarters. At the end, oil prices entered 2025, with some pressure at the macro level and a relatively inadequate industry background.
In the second half of the year, the crude oil market was weak and the price focus was shifting downwards; in the third quarter, the international oil prices were running steadily as a whole as a result of the downgrading of international trade disputes, the frequent disturbance of the geo-situation situation and the United States oil runoff cycle. In the third quarter of 2025, the average price of Brent's oil was $70 per barrel.
A 15 per cent decline in the same year, with an average oil price of $68 per barrel and a 2 per cent increase in the ring in the third quarter.A fall in oil prices and product prices has led to a reduction in corporate inventories and a build-up of demand for finished oil plates.
In three quarters, one-quarter operating returns were 119, 37, 27, -2.9 billion, ring +0, +22, -13, 100 million, three-quarter upstream exploration.
In the last three quarters, the company continued to enhance its high-quality exploration and exploitation of benefits, at a cost of $8.4 billion, an increase of 31.9 per cent over the same period.
In the first three quarters, the company achieved 394.48 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, an increase of 2.2 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which 211.17 million barrels of crude oil, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the previous three quarters, was largely equal, with natural gas production of 109,931 billion cubic feet, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period.
Refinement plates optimize installation loads for high-efficiency processing. Refining plates, the whole of the last three quarters, still have relatively weak demand for oil, the company optimizes installation loads, flexible adjustments to product structure and finished oil collection rates, increases the production of sea-based coal, reduces the production of diesel fuel, and continues the production of chemical raw materials and sea-based coal.
Growth, with 186 million tons of crude oil processed by companies in the previous three quarters, a 2.2 per cent decline in the same year, 111 million tons of finished oil, a 4.7 per cent decrease in the same year, and 3,334,000 tons of chemical light oil, a 10 per cent increase in the same year.
In the first three quarters, the total volume of finished oil was 171 million tons, a decline of 5.7 per cent over the same period.
Itd fees to raise marginal processing loads and keep pushing for lightening, diversification of raw materials.
The building b chemical unit operated, with an increase in the same sales of chemical products in the previous three quarters, of which ethylene production of 1,159 million tons, or +15.4 per cent, and synthetic resin production of 1,671,000 tons, or +11.8 per cent, and chemical products.
A total of 63,680,000 tons of business and full-scale sales. Stock competition is taking place, with petrochemical poles or long-term benefits.
The country's primary crude oil processing capacity is contained at 1 billion tons, and the current refining expansion is nearing its end, and the total is approaching the policy “red line”. In May 2025, the National Development and Reform Commission again stressed the need to speed up the exploitation of inefficiently backward production in such industries as refining oil, and the recent intensive release of “anti-intra-film” letters.
No. The cumulative tax changes further compressed the ground-smelling space for survival, or pushed backwardness to accelerate exit.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits from \triangleright and the future refining industry, respectively, with performance elasticity, and we maintain the company's “buy-in”
\triangleright Risk; downstream demand less than expected risk; replacement risk for new energy car sales
Member of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices of the China Price Association and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (main holder), member of the Executive Committee of the China Price Association, for more than 10 years of research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the Revision of Industrial Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Studies, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Susa Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry, has been working on 100 topics.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the China Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.