Three-quarter review in 2024: high value, high profit, Wu Xinxi, research assistant, Lo Woo-Kang.
A quick rebound after a swing, with a sharp rise in total return on investment. The end of the month’s long end interest rate improves csm’s release rate; the investment spread we build is one-on-one, which is the central cause of the surge in net profits in the current period, with 9m24’s disclosure of a simple annualized total/combined investment.
Under ifrs 9, large equity investments are accounted for in transactional financial assets (fvtpl), while other equity instruments (fvoci equity instruments) have a closing balance of $22,274 million, representing only 1.4% of investment assets (5,370 million and 0.4%, respectively, at the end of 2023), making fair value changes.
The Department will further increase the fvoci equity/debt instrument ratio to better match the cost. nbv wins a marketed partner at a higher speed, and the structure is optimized. 9m24 achieves a higher nbv ratio.
(a) The average level of municipal peer protection (37.9 per cent, life expectancy: 25.1 per cent, peace: 34.1 per cent, life security: a 11.9 per cent decline, but a marked improvement in the value ratio is mainly due to: 1) the deepening of specialization, marketization, systemic reforms, the evolution of the transition, and the rapid pace of growth in the long-term period.
After the downturns in the scheduled interest rates, the cost of the company ' s combined liabilities has declined steadily; 3) 9m24 is insured, and the company will follow up with a further multichannel distribution of red-type products.
Launching the Xin Generation programme to accelerate the development of merit teams, the company Xin programme has increased its number by over 3,000. The three-q24 quarterly cash guarantee and the same payout ratio have increased by 1009.9%, respectively, and the silver insurance has spread evenly across the quarter. After the 1+3 restrictions have been lifted, the company has focused on the silver bond channel.
Xinhua Insurance (601336): The Hong Kong Unit focuses on web sites and team capacity enhancement.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We put Xinhua Insurance at the top of the block at the end of September, together with the Xinhua Stock Exchanges in Insurance + the Queen's Stocking Fund at the Bottom of the Insurance + the Queen's Harvesting Gain.
And the accumulated net profit of 9m24 is higher than previously expected, and we're up against investment returns and profit projections, and I'm looking at the expected increase in performance: the net profit doubles, highlighting the new management bottom equity.
Figure 1: Xinhua Insurance 9m24 Cumulative and 3q24 season sub-charge increases Figure 2: Regional Balance of New Single Contribution through Xinhua Insurance Sub-channels (cumulative value) Figure 4: Corporate simple annualized return on investment improved on a year-on-year basis
"Wantananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananananan, figure 5: The value of the company ' s net assets at the end of the period increased by a downward ring relative (100: the company ' s valuation, although up, remains at a historically low level)
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.