On October 11th, 2024, Wu Xinqin,
▪ Incident: On the evening of 9 October, a preliminary announcement was made in the case of an exchange of shares between Taijung An, which absorbed the consolidation of seaborne securities and collected ancillary funds and associated transactions, and on 10 October, Taijung An and Seaton Securitiesa and H, which were re-opened at the same time.
As at 30 August 2024, Xinhua Insurance managed (Hong Kong) through the Xinhua assets management (Hong Kong) to the extent that, according to the Hong Kong Trade Office, it held a total of about 423 million shares, accounting for 30.41 per cent of the Thai Anh share in the circulation stock and 4.75 per cent of the total share capital of the Thai Junan stock.
In August 2024, Xinhua Insurance did not have a direct impact on net profits because of the difference between the new insurance contract and the new financial instrument guidelines for the different insurance policy accounts and the fvtpl (transactional gold finance product) and fvoci (other equity instruments) that were determined to be different.
It is estimated, but it also reflects the company’s effectiveness in actively looking for high-quality equity assets in the current low-interest-rate environment. Strong alliances, complementarity of strengths, and reciprocal mergers are the principles of a merger between the country’s Thai government and maritime security, with the new company’s capital strength and income-generating capacity taking a full lead in total assets, parent net assets, net.
The Xinhua Insurance discloses an increase in performance in the first three quarters of 2024, which is expected to result in a net return of 9m24 dollars to the mother, and a significant reversal of the loss. Performance exceeds expectations, and the forecast points are even more predictable and new.
During the first working day of the fourth quarter of the year, the company immediately disclosed an advance notice of its performance for the first three quarters, highlighting the new management's commitment to the investment and business performance acquired by the company during the current life-risk transition, and recognizing in particular the firm's absolute revenue performance at the bottom of the equity market from the beginning of the year to the present.
a The impact of the value, net profit and net parent assets at the end of the stock listings was 4.15 per cent, 94.5 per cent and 8.19 per cent, respectively, with Xinhua being more resilient, thanks to the net life insurance company and the increased transactional financial assets of fvtpl since the beginning of the year.
With the gradual restoration of macro-expected equity markets and the rapid recovery of equity markets, the valuation and performance of listed enterprises can be double-tracked. From this round of elasticity, we have calculated the balance of 1h24 listed equity companies/owners ' rights insurance (13%); we have calculated the share of 1h24 listed securities traded as a share of stock investment.
Of these, Xinhua (92%) >Xinhua (88%) > too much (79%) > Peace (59%) > (38%) > , we expect further release of company elasticity if the market of market interests is to rise further. Xinhua Insurance (601336): 3rd quarter 2024
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The Hong Kong stock of the country’s Thai government has increased significantly, or the profits of the good companies have improved.
At the end of September, we pushed Xinhua Insurance as the first piece of the plate, with the "Guardies of the new administration's bottom-of-the-principal equity plus cashier's share" + "Back-of-the-shelf capture gains." As a result of the new insurance contract and the new financial instruments.
The complexity of the standard measures, which we conservatively maintain for profit projections, is that the company's net profits are expected to be $196, 135 and 14.4 billion in 2024-26, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 3: Tradeable stock share share allocation at the end of exposure to market risk 1h24 Figure 4: Shares in Xinhua Insurance as a whole were significantly higher than their counterparts Figure 5: Current company p/ev levels are still low in history
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.