Performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2024: net profit doubles in value, showing confidence in the bottom of the new administration.
The research assistant, Lo Woo-Kang, accumulated a net return profit of $18,607 million to $20,515 million, corresponding to an increase of 95 per cent to $436 million in the same year. Performance exceeds expectations, forecast time point.
More than expected, the new management’s bottom-of-the-art confidence was reinforced, while investors’ expectations were stabilized, and we maintained Xinhua insurance as the first block to be pushed since late September. The return on investment was substantially warmed, adding up the lower base for the same period, leading to a marked upturn in performance.
This is a modest increase in equity asset investments since this year and an increase in equity asset allocation; and an improvement in quality management at the end of the insurance liability and the optimization of business structures. The recent boom in capital markets, with a pre-enhancement of 3q24 net profit to the mother, is $8.478 billion, compared to the 3q23 single season in the same period the previous year.
Net profit of $436 million, with a significant reversal of the loss over the same period, and the cumulative net profit from the low base effect of 9m24 over the same period, was more than expected. On October 8, the first working day of the fourth quarter of 2024, the Public Administration announced an increase in performance for the first three quarters, highlighting the new management against the current one.
Trust in the investment and business performance of companies in the transition period of life insurance, especially in recognition of the firm’s performance of the absolute gains that it has been earning since the beginning of the year at the bottom of the equity market. We measure it according to the new financial instrument standards, when the depth 300 index rises by 20% to the value of a stock market at the end of the period.
China has benefited from the net life insurance company and the addition of fvtpl trading financial assets since the beginning of the year, with a more flexible performance, and with the gradual restoration of macro-expected equity markets and the gradual warming of equity markets, the market risk firm will be valued and performed over a period of time. From this elasticity, we have calculated the balance/owner ' s rights of the 1h24 listed equity companies.
Human security (13%); we calculated 1h24 marketed and traded stock balances as equity equity investments in China's life (92%) and Xinhua (88%) and Xinhua (79%) > People's Security (59%) > Peace (38%).
Profit forecast and investment rating: the first three-quarterly non-gloft report pre-enacts, both in range and in timing, Xinhua Insurance (601336): 2024 mid-points exceeded expectations. The current trading anchor of the life insurance shares - equity attacks against beta.
Review: Two-quarter profit booms, attention is often an important stage in the build-up of the board, where insurance is less flexible than that of bond dealers but is likely to be more sustainable. At the end of September, we put Xinhua insurance at the top of the plate, with a “share stock” plus “backward bottom”
The company's interest in the harvest has increased significantly in recent interest markets, resulting in a significant increase in the net return on investment. Xinhua Insurance (601336): First Quarterly Report 2024.
Figure 1: Xinhua Insurance ' s analysis of the main reasons for the projected growth in performance in the first three quarters of 2024
Firmly looking at China’s economic development, seriously implementing the national strategy for services, and the real economy, making a solid “five big articles”, constantly upgrading professional investment capacity-building, and continuously optimizing asset allocation. The first three seasons have seen a modest increase in investment in equity-related assets, and an increase in the share of equity-related assets.
Quality management at the end of the insurance liability and optimization of business structures. The recent upturn in capital markets has led to a significant increase in corporate investment returns in the first three quarters of 2024, with net profits equal to net profits in the first three quarters of 2024, figure 3: share of traded stocks as a proportion of stock allocation at the end of listing risk 1h24
Figure 2: Shares as a proportion of net assets at the end of 1h24 by listed insurers  Trade balance as a share of equity investment * Figure 4: Shares in Xinhua Insurance as a whole are significantly higher than their counterparts
Figure 5: The current company p/ev level is still at a low level in the middle of history.