"Call-up Medicine Business Renewal -- Sharing Long-Term Dividends, November 16, 2024.
Wu Xinjing, research assistant, Lo Woo-Kang, incident: According to the General Directorate of Kim's Guidelines for Disclosure of Information on the Use of Funds by Insurance Companies No. 3: Raised
On November 12th, 2024, Xinhua Insurance increased its holdings through a centralized competitive bidding process in the secondary market.
Sea medicine (a share and h share) and state medicine (a share), with companies and concerted actors holding 5.05% and 5.07% respectively of the company’s end-of-service interest, constituting the first-time cards, with 4.74% and 4.87% of the stock held before the date of the transaction.
A simple change of interest report with the following transaction costs for the first six months of this increase: Shanghai Medical Unit: cny19.80; Shanghai Medical Unit: hkd10.80; National Drug Stock Unit: a) and h) National Drug Stock (a) stock balance of $3.615 billion and 1.343 billion, respectively.
We expect the new financial instruments guidelines to take into account other equity instruments (fvoci equity instruments) and even long-term equity investments (after further posting to the board), to strengthen real interests, to create a leading pharmaceutical business, and to keep Xinhua insurance in view of the long-term healthy development of the industry.
As representatives of publicly listed companies in the field of medicine, both national drug shares and Shanghai medicine companies are characterized by a high rate of dividends, soundness, growth, and a long-term investment concept for venture capital. This also reflects the Xinhua National Strategy for Active Services, which provides health care from the end of assets and liabilities.
For Shanghai medicine, the East Wu pharmaceutical team believes that the business sector is looking forward to Xinhua Insurance (601336): 3-quarter 2024.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: a pharmaceutical business, sharing long-term dividends, and strengthening equity contributions. Questions: High Value, High Profiting.
Xinhua Insurance (601336): Resurgence of the Hong Kong stock in Taijun, or improvement of profits of profit companies. Figure 1: Cash inflows in the last four quarters of traditional accounts (billions of dollars)