European households (603833.sh) Growing growth in size and performance during the season is in line with expectations and sustained in the third quarter of the year, with companies achieving a total operating income of 9,535 million yuan, an increase of 16.33 per cent over the same period;
Realization of the net profit on maternity, 1.378 billion yuan, an increase of 14.83 per cent in the same year; realization of the non-net profit on maternity deductions, $1.291 billion, an increase of 12.84 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow, 1,753 million yuan, an increase of preponderance
By the third quarter of 2019, the company had achieved a total operating income of $9,535 million, an increase of $1,338 million, or 16.33 per cent, compared to the same period last year.
16.98% long. Quarterly break-up of the main business, 51.17% of the first three quarters of the first quarter of 2019, and the first three quarters of the company’s other business have achieved a total of revenue, so we can tell that the growth in the first three quarters of the company’s revenue was mainly due to the main business.
Three quarters of the year, driven by the positive impact of the “Golden 9 and 10” season on the sale of real estate, accelerated by the bright performance of China’s Galaxy Securities Institute.
Disaggregated by product category, the company ' s first three quarters of cabinets/shelters/baskets/grooms/gimmons/other industry dynamics report light industry, furniture industry continues to be under stress, and industry concentration is expected to increase further
For the first three quarters of the year (47.85 per cent for the first three quarters), the first quarter was 10.23/15.82/1892 million for the first quarter, compared with the growth in the second quarter (37.30 per cent for the first three quarters).
The volume is mainly derived from closet plates, especially the three-quarterly active seasons of sales, where the contribution rate reached 45.07 per cent, while the cabinet plate, which serves as the core business, showed a marked improvement in the third quarter, with 19.22 per cent of the increase in revenue received in the previous three quarters, which together contributed to a faster growth in the size of the company.
In the first three quarters, the company ' s direct stores/distributors/substantial businesses/other channels contributed 62.36% of the revenue in the first three quarters of the channel, mainly as a result of the accelerated growth in the three quarters of the marketing season. At the same time, the company’s bulk business continued to grow at a high rate, becoming another important marketing channel outside the distribution channel.
By the end of the third quarter, the company had, respectively, Europa cabinets/Operi closets/Operimumen/Operibun/Operigate baths/Operi Gates, with a total of 7,084, representing a net increase of 45,/69/128,775, compared to the end of 2018, and a net increase of 9-/-58/76/29/28 stores in the third quarter.
In terms of distribution channels, companies continue to promote good corporate growth through the optimization and integration of the various channels, and by the end of the third quarter the company focused on a total of 251 shops. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of 1.378 billion yuan, an increase of 178 million yuan, compared to the same period the previous year.
14.83 per cent long; net profit from the realization of the parent deduction was $1,291 million, an increase of $147 million, or 12.84 per cent over the same period the previous year; non-recurring gains and losses totalled $8,713.86 million, of which government subsidies to take into account current gains and losses amounted to $54.83 million. By quarterly splits, the net operating cash flow of companies was $1,753 million in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of $236 million over the same period last year.
The increase of 15.56 per cent is attributable, on the one hand, to the fact that the company has been following a front-loading approach, which has led to a growth in corporate revenue on a par with growth in net operating cash flows, and, on the other hand, possibly to an increase in the efficiency of corporate sales returns; and, on the other hand, to a decrease of 0.24 pct in the combined Māori rate, with an increase of 0.48 pc over the period.
Levels of Māori in the third quarter are likely to have declined considerably as a result of marketing activities during the boom season, but the overall trend is on the rise. In terms of sales channels, Māori rates in the company ' s first three quarters of direct/distribution/large business/other channels, respectively, the main reason for the decline in Māori in the company ' s combined Māori rate is the slight Māori rate due to distribution channels and core product cabinets.
The increase of 0.90/09 billion yuan is due mainly to increased sales and management costs due to an increase in sales promotion activities during the boom season. Total financial costs in the first three quarters - $0.04 billion, a decrease of $ 19 million over the same period last year, and a significant reduction in financial costs due mainly to the discounting of corporate paper operations. Total R & D costs in the first three quarters amount to $ 432 million, an increase of $117 million over the same period last year.
(iii) The distribution network has become a full-scale leader, with large businesses becoming the new engine for companies to grow, the largest end-marketing network in the furniture industry, with more than 7,000 direct-and-distribution shops with various brands in the country.
By the end of the third quarter of 2019, there were a total of 7,084 shops nationwide, far beyond other firms in the industry. The distribution sites throughout the country helped companies to tap potential customers in the cities on the line, providing a constant incentive for companies to grow in a virtuous manner, while the companies also promoted their brands nationwide through thousands of shops, raising their visibility in the eyes of consumers, and promoting them.
The company’s influence within the industry is more evident in its strong managerial capacity behind the company’s strong distribution network. Since its inception, the company has been developing together with the distributors as a core concept, with the creation of management systems such as the 1,000-point appraisal mechanism within the industry, the “10+1” Euro-based end-marketing system, the two-50 theory, the shop-side 4s, etc., in order to achieve a mutually beneficial win with the distributors.
To prevent a situation in which companies are losing both to distributors or the image of their brands as a result of regulatory loopholes. After years of experience with deep-farming distributor systems, the company has gradually increased its cooperation with local producers, adding a new driver to the company’s future growth (iv) the product matrix is multi-wheel-drived, adapting everyone to the full range of clients’ needs.
In recent years, the company has significantly expanded its product categories in the hope of creating a market development space through the development of a product matrix. To date, the company’s closet product has become a core product of the off-the-shelf product, providing a constant driver for the company, while wooden doors are growing well with the chassis, and the product matrix has been shaped. Through the product matrix, the company has gradually consolidated its furniture.
In the future, it is hoped that by expanding the product category, home-based home-based living goods providers will evolve. In parallel with the active horizontal product expansion, the company started piloting the build-up of people in 2018, expanding new marketing channels and increasing brand penetration through direct selection and collaboration with high-quality home-loading companies across the country.
We expect that companies will continue to build up their brand influence through their own powerful distribution systems, and rely on them to do so.
The strategy of a proactive home-based approach enriches its product matrix and seeks to provide clients with a one-stop shop experience, the risk of continued low real estate sales, the risk of increased overcapacity in the industry, and the risk of increased competition in the industry.
Table 3: Changes in the number of Europa Homes (households) Table 4: Business Income and Cost Composition of Euro Houses