Quarterly review in 2019 by Hua Yun, China (000999), excluding non-net profit growth of 11.29 per cent of the otc tap business development: company published a single quarterly report in 2019, yielding revenue of $3.482 billion in the first quarter, compared to the year.
Lulitien grew by 3.02%; the net return to the mother was 1,167 million yuan, 1.76 times higher than the previous year; the net gain from the non-return to the mother was 435 million yuan, or 11.29% higher than the previous year, and the performance was in line with expectations. At the same time, the company projected 2019
The sale of 39 hospitals generated investment gains of $680 million, with a significant increase in the net return to the mother. 2019q1, the significant increase in the net return to the company was mainly due to the company ' s completion of the sale of the 39 Hospitals Limited in January 2019, with 82,89 per cent of the shares, which generated approximately $680 million in asset disposal gains for the company.
In terms of cost for the period 26 April 2019, the sales cost of the company decreased by 5.85 percentage points to 38.96 per cent, roe (ttm) over the same period.
The decline is greater than the decline in the Māori rate, combined with a significant increase in investment returns, and the firm’s net interest rate, along with its active construction of the entire industry chain of formulation particles, is expected to maintain a positive growth momentum.
There is still much room for growth, given the ease of taking and the controllable quality of the Chinese formulation particles compared to the traditional ones. The company continues to work on the whole chain of industry.
Building capacity, carrying out basic research and clinical projects, continuing to strengthen the development of drug-growing bases, and research on the sources of medicinal materials, constantly improving the quality of products and increasing the number of products.
Efficiency and cost reduction. In end-covering, companies continue to expand their coverage, while working to build closer and more comprehensive strategic relationships with the terminal.
Non-prescriptive drugs account for about 50 per cent of the total, are not currently affected by collateral purchases, and there is a lower risk of price reduction. The share of Chinese injections in corporate collections has been reduced to 7 per cent, and the negative impact of subsequent restrictions on their use to companies will be reduced.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.