The company's depth reports  the pharmaceutical biology industry
The three-quarterly report on Heung Swe's medicine (600276) followed closely by Lee Ping-hoon's three-quarterly report in 2018.
23.77 per cent increase in the same year; net profit on maternity is 2,912 million yuan, an increase of 25.10 per cent in the same year; withholding Wang Xiaoqi Meng Yu Wei
The cost is 1.737 billion yuan, an increase of 39.68%; the balance of the advance balance is $716 million, and we continue to look forward to the future of the company. On the domestic business front, the innovative drugs are very important, and on the one hand, the brand-new drugs Apadaloni, Ereshabou, etc., have been put on the market in the previous period.
Rapid growth; on the other hand, approvals for 19k, diagonal and violet ol during the reporting period are expected to be rapidly released through the company’s mature marketing channels. On the international level, there is a growing pattern of formulation export operations and a continuous process of internationalization of the strategic layout.
Heavy pounds of innovative drugs and high-quality generics continue to grow in the harvest period, leading to increased performance. (1) Innovative products have been marketed for high-speed release; (2) heavy pounds of innovative drugs and high-quality generics have been approved for listing during the reporting period, thus contributing to increased performance; (3) multiple products have been included in priority reviews; (4) imitation
The evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has progressed steadily; (5) multiple innovative drug varieties have been subjected to approved clinical trials; the scale of preparations ' export operations has continued to grow and the strategic layout of internationalization has continued; (1) approved products have been steadily sold overseas; (2) multiple products have been approved in the reporting period; (3) ministries
Sub-products have been approved in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Japan and certified through the Netherlands gmp; (4) declaration of overseas clinical trial registrations is on track; companies have a very competitive edge in R & D and are innovative in leading the country. (1) R & D investment
Inward growth. (2) The diversity of R & D pipelines and the orderly advancement of international registration declarations. (3) patent applications and maintenance are well under way. (4) Strengthening the R & D workforce.
(i) q3 performance increased slightly, with good cost control during the period The company ' s performance grew steadily and q3 increased slightly. q3 earned $12,459 million (+23.77 per cent) in the first three quarters, resulting in a net gain of $2,912 million (+25.10 per cent) for the mother and $2,779 million (+22.16 per cent) for the non-mortality net gain, which increased steadily.
q3 single-quarter income, net return and net non-mortality gains were 26.24 per cent (ring ratio + 3.30 pp), 32.85 per cent line sales reform, enhanced end-extension capacity, and good sales of core products. Cost control was good during the period. The cost of sales in the previous three quarters was 37.26 per cent, a 0.36 per cent decrease in the same period.
(ii) At the domestic level: the forward-looking layout highlights the importance of the continuous harvesting of high-volume innovative medicines and high-quality generics, ensuring that high-speed releases of high-volume varieties of pre-performance are maintained and that new products approved during the reporting period are expected to contribute further. On the one hand, high-speed discharges of the company ' s heavy-pound new drugs, Apatoni and Ereshabou; on the other hand, sulfur-pefero-stellar injection fluids,
At the same time, injecting carrelei against inclusion in the priority review list, probably at the end of the year or the beginning of next year, is expected to increase performance further. Moreover, the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has progressed steadily, with sulphate sulphate, Tansolozin, etc.
The capsules and the Urbashtan film have been used to enhance market competitiveness through the evaluation of drug quality and efficacy consistency. 1. The high growth of the heavy-pound species in the pre-market period has been sustained.
(1) Apalyoni: Terminal data show a high rate of growth, Apadaloni, the first small molecular anti-vascular target proven to be safe and effective, and the only oral drug in treatment for stomach cancer, was approved in November 2014.
Mainly for treatments following the failure of the standardized treatment for late stomach cancer. Apadeni negotiated the inclusion of a new version of the health insurance catalogue in July 2017, which, despite a fall in prices (an average price drop of 37.02%), led to a significant increase in sales and a rapid increase in overall income. According to pdb data, the revenues from the sale of the 18q1 and 18q2 sample hospitals were approximately 52.64 million, respectively.
Figure 2: Company Appadeni sample hospital sales (millions of dollars) (2) Erie shampoo: terminal data shows an increase in the speed of growth.
According to pdb data, 18 q1 and 18 q2 sample hospitals were sold for approximately $1.684 million (+92.58 per cent) and 24.5 million (+117.2 per cent) respectively.
2. Over the reporting period, a large number of new products have been placed on the market, gradually contributing to an increase in performance. The company has been awarded a number of new and innovative medicines and high-quality generics.
During the reporting period, the types listed included sulfur piston non-gsten injection fluids, maratonic cartinis, violet sapol injections (protein combination type); narcotic sedatives, which included sulfur sulfonous ammonium injection fluids, inhaled ground fluorine; and other drugs, which included sulfurda liver to sodium injection fluids (anti-crete blood), pallium
Injection fluid (metrazine treatment), balancing salt solution (eye or eye infusion) (1) Anti-cancer drug a. sulfur-pessel injection liquid (commodity name: Edo)
Sulphur piping is the company's autonomously developed polyethanol recombinant human cell irritation factor (long effect g-csf) and the company's first bioinnovation drug. The drug is mainly used to reduce the number of heated neutral cellular reductions caused by patients with non-bone marrow cancer following treatment for inhibitive cancer of bone marrow.
The incidence of infection, as demonstrated, is the first drug to be used for the treatment of moderate particle cell reduction associated with chemistry. There is currently only a reorganisation of polyethanol produced by the quartz group 100k biopharmaceutical (Sandong) and Chiru pharmaceutical, and the release of human particle cyto-stimulation fluids. There are also two berylliums in Beijing, Jiang Susaicon, Shenzhen Xinium bioengineering, etc.
The polyethanol recombinant human cell irritation fluids declared by a number of companies have been clinically released. From the drug register, Chiru pharmaceuticals are declared as biological products in the 7th category (biological products that have been marketed abroad but not yet marketed in the country), while 100 grams of stone medicines were declared as biological products in the 1st category, they were not publicly available at the time of the 2002 clinical declaration.
The Hsien Swe report is based on bioproduct 9 (products that are not identical to those that have been listed for sale and are not listed for sale abroad) and is clearly a new drug in the long-lasting g-csf.
Maratonic cartoni is the first new drug in the country that has been conditionally approved for listing as a real tumor based on the results of the ii clinical process. This drug, combined with Capitabin, applies to treatment of late or transient breast cancer patients who are positive for surface growth factor 2(her2) and have undergone chemotherapy in the ring or violet.
The clinical trial data for breast cancer patients who failed to treat the class drugs and who did not exceed 2 lines after relapse/transfer showed that the objective mitigation rate in the UCC was higher than in the Rapatoni group (78.5 per cent vs. Rapatoni group); a significant increase in the middle of the no-progress survival period (57.1 per cent vs. Rapatoni group for 18.1 months for the group), p. <
0.0001); patient progress or risk of death is reduced by 63.7%; at the same time, tolerance is good. At present, the same products listed on the national market for the treatment of breast cancer are imported only from Lapatinib with Neatinib.c. Injection with purple filamentol (protein combination type).
Breast cancer is repeated six months after sexual breast cancer or assisted chemotherapy. Imports and pseudo-pharmaceuticals of the pharmaceutical group are marketed in the country, and registration applications from a number of companies such as Chiru Pharmaceuticals, Zhejiang Haizheng, Jiang Sokangsu, etc.
(from the submission of the listing application to the official approval period of only 10 months) will help to further enrich the company ' s anti-cancer product line, relying on the company ' s high-quality oncology product marketing channels, and it is hoped that the varieties will be marketed with rapid release and boost performance growth. (2) Anti-addictant sedatives
Acetyl choline, which produces competitive neuromuscular conductive resistance, mainly for paralysing drugs or for icu, is a neuromuscular retardant.
The company is the first enterprise in the country to obtain batches. b. Inhaled ground-based HFCs are used for anaesthetic induction or maintenance of adult patients and for the maintenance of babies and children.
(3) Other types of drugs a. sulfa liver to sodium injection fluid The sulfa liver to sodium is selective to inhibit anti-ceptic enzyme iii (atiii) induction factor Xa shows anti-celebrosis effects, mainly
Applies to deep vein hysteria (deepveinthrombosis, dvt) and combined Wafalin treatment of dvt or acute b. Paluctosterol injection fluids, a vitamin d analogue, mainly for the prevention and treatment of chronic kidney disease (ckd)
Acupunctures are associated with it. Acupee's Plumbing has been approved in the country, and Heung Swe's medicine is the first company in the country to produce a package. c. Balanced salt solution (for injection) The balanced salt solution can be injected into the eye or out of the eye during eye surgery for a maximum period of 60 minutes.
3. The inclusion of multi-pledged products in the priority review, which is expected to accelerate the approval of selected products of the company for approval by the priority review. On the surface of anti-cancer medicines, by treatment area, the types included in the priority review list during the reporting period included injection of carrellium single resistance, and IRI replacement fluids for hydrochloric acid;
In the case of narcotic sedatives, the types included in the priority review list include the injection of silvill benzene sulfonic acid, ketamine injectable fluids for hydrochloric acid; in the case of other drugs, the types included in the priority review list include the ammonium globromide injection fluid (anticholine pharmaceutic), the stale skeletal capsule (reducing arthritis and acute pain), and the ammonal membranes of Andansjon (discharge of nausea caused by chemotherapy).
Vomiting) (1) Anti-cancer drugs a. Injecting carrelei singles
Pd-1/pd-l1 Roads to restore anti-cancer immunity to the body, thus forming the basis for cancer immunization treatment. This applies mainly to relapses/irresistible lymphoma typical of Hodgkin, which has been systematically treated at least on second-line (including auto-breeding stem cell transplants).
The company’s pd-1 note was added to the cde priority review list on 23 April and is expected to accelerate approval.
Injecting fluids with hydrochloric acid can be used for treatment of patients with late-stage intestinal cancer. The reason for inclusion in the priority review list is the production of the same production line, which was listed in 2011 in the United States. In addition to Hsing Swe, there are currently licensed generics for the products of the Hainan Jinxi pharmaceutical, Chiru pharmaceutical, Shanghai Tino pharmaceutical, and the Hharma pharmaceutical group.
There are currently only Shwe medicine in the country that has submitted a request for the listing of the thallium and preparations.
The same products developed in the pharmaceutical industry are in clinical trials. b. Acetic ketamine injector b. Acetic ketamine hydrochloride is a manual cyclohexone derivative with pain and anaesthesia, mainly by blocking n-methyl
-d-nmda receptors play a pain-killing role. They are mainly used to induce and apply whole-body anesthesia and pain in combination with sleeping pills.
(3) Other types of drugs a. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A.A.A.
At the time of delay, the drug is resistant to cholinenic drugs, such as the Xinz's extraneous alkaline.
The Seletshare is a selective anti-inflammation drug for cox-2 which is used primarily to alleviate the symptoms and signs of osteoporosis, rheumatism, and strong orthopaedic spinal disease, as well as to treat acute pain in adults. There are currently gdsearl and pfizer scaffold capsule imports in the country, as well as raw materials from Jiangsu Daqingang, Jiang Susindi medicine and pfizer.
The medication was approved and no national preparations were listed.c. Ondansjon's membrane, which is a selective receptor antagonist, mainly for the prevention of chemotherapy and surgery, among other things.
In comparison with other formulations, the membrane does not require water delivery, and the tongue is rapidly dissolved, increasing patients' dependence. There are currently no imported and imitated Andance June, which has been approved for listing, in addition to Hin Swe medicine, and there are competing medicines submitted for clinical application and coron medicine for clinical registration in the 3.1 category of rapid cavity solubility in Antens June.
During the reporting period, the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation was carried forward steadily. Specific approved products are shown in table 4. For imitation drugs through consistency evaluation.
For example, the policy provides for appropriate support in the payment of health insurance, and medical institutions should give priority to procurement and clinical selection. More than three manufacturers of the same variety of drugs are evaluated through generic consistency, and the selection of non-passed varieties is discontinued in such areas as centralized procurement of medicines. We believe that company-related products can help to upgrade the drug through generic consistency evaluation.
5. Several innovative drug varieties have been approved for clinical trials, and more than a dozen have been approved for clinical trials. During the reporting period, there were more than a dozen cases of anti-injection fluids, including beverage.
Innovative pharmaceutical products have been approved for clinical trials. Specific products have been approved as shown in table 5. We believe that multiple innovative pharmaceutical products from companies have been approved for clinical purposes that help to secure the supply of innovative products and contribute to the long-term sustainable development of companies. (iii) Overseas: preparations export operations are expanding and internationalization strategies continue to evolve.
1. Income generated by the export of products sold overseas for stable formulations, and the sale abroad of a range of products for stable corporate formulations, represented by the introduction of a series of products, such as cyclophosphate, has been stable in regulated markets abroad, contributing to a sustained increase in corporate performance.
The use of cyclophosphamide as a chemotherapy drug is mainly used for the treatment of cancers such as leukaemia and lymphoma.
During the reporting period, multi-pledged products were approved in the United States of America for inhalation of ground-based hydrofluorocarbons, steroids, and sulfurda liver sodium injection fluids; and in the United States for the temporary approval of Toptan tablets (fda completed all the review processes for the drug but the patent in question did not expire).
The product situation is shown in table 6. We believe that successive overseas listing licences for high-quality varieties will help companies to further expand their overseas markets and enhance their performance. 3. Some of the products were approved in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Japan and certified through the Netherlands gmp
During the reporting period, iodized gsalol injections were marketed in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, respectively; the right metomic injections of hydrochloric acid were marketed in Japan. In addition, iodized gsalol injection fluids, injections of Osali platin, injections of acetic acid carpofon, trajectories, successive gmp certificates of the Dutch drug.
The Netherlands gmp certificate states that the corporate quality management system has been met by EU standards. 4. The overseas clinical trial declaration is scheduled for the planned registration of projects in the European, American and Japanese high-end regulatory markets; and other emerging markets such as Australia.
Clinical trials in the United States and shr0410 injections in Australia were approved. (iv) Research and development inputs continued to grow, and innovation capabilities led domestic firms had a very competitive edge in research and development.
In absolute terms, R & D investment amounted to $1.737 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 39.68 per cent over the previous three quarters; the ratio of R & D inputs/revenues increased to 13.94 per cent in comparison with the previous three quarters, and has been in the lead among national pharmaceutical companies.
Innovative drugs are applied for each year, and every 2-3 years there are positive developments in their listing. During the reporting period, sulfur pelican injection fluids, maratonic acid tablets, ins068, shr0302, shr0410 injections, have been approved for clinical trials overseas, with the injection of carrell beads and the injection of benzulfonate syrup syrup to cde
Priority is given to the approval list. In addition, 16 newly harvested clinical batches of 2018h1 are adapted to anti-cancer tumours, sugar urine, high cholesterol hemorrhosis, etc. For generics, injection of cyclophosphamide, etc., has been sold steadily for the export of the batched formulations, while inhalation of ground-based fluorine, salivants, sulfur-pent to sodium injection fluids have been marketed in the United States.
The liquids were approved for listing in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, the right-wing metomic injector was approved for listing in Japan, and the registration and maintenance of the patent applications was carried out as planned in various projects in the European, American and Japanese high-end regulatory markets. (3) 55 new applications, 32 new applications for international pct, 9 domestic authorizations and 19 foreign authorizations were submitted. (4)
Strong R & D teams. Companies open up channels, bring in talent, enrich the R & D team, and build up the power of drug development. We believe that sustained corporate investment in R & D will contribute to sustained corporate development, guarantee continuous technological innovation, and contribute to long-term sustainable development of companies.
Figure 6: Domestic and foreign patent applications and authorizations. Company q3 performance has improved slightly, and we continue to look forward to the future of the company. The company is an absolute leader in medicine in the country and has taken a leading position in the fields of tumors, anaesthesia, and film agents.
The company's heavy weight of new drugs, Apadaloni, Ere Schebb, high-speed release; sulfur piping fluids, and maratonic tunneys, which have been approved for sale, are expected to be released quickly, depending on the company's mature marketing channels. In addition, the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency has been steadily advanced, with ammonium hydrochloride sulfate, Tansorosin relieving capsules, Urbessa, etc.
On the one hand, the continued and steady contribution of products represented by cyclophosphamide to the inhalation of ground-based fluorine, salivate, sulfoth to sodium injection fluids, iodized ksalol.
The internationalization landscape is continuing. We see that companies will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, forecasting innovative drug research and development risks from 2018 to 2020; downside drug risk; and overseas markets less than expected.