Events: 29 March, Construction Bank discloses 2022 annual report: Mothers ' net profit ratio + 7,06 per cent (last three quarters + 6,52 per cent): Construction Bank (60139)
In 2022, there was a 0.22% decline in the same year in the construction of banks; net repatriation profits increased by 54bp to 7.06% compared to the previous three quarters, higher than the average of 5.03% for large commercial banks.
The growth in the performance of the Division is largely due to faster expansion, while the increase in performance is mainly due to the provision of counter-breeding and scale expansion that eases downward pressure.
3bp, a decrease of 7bp from the first half of the year, is still higher than the average of 1.90% for large commercial banks. Of this, interest-bearing assets and loan returns decreased by 5bp and 6bp, respectively, interest-bearing liabilities and deposit cost rates increased by 3bp and 1bp, respectively, from the first half of the year.
At the end of 2022, the construction banking failure rate was 2bp to 1.38% lower than the \triangleright at the end of 2022, and was lower than in the public sector. The public lending deficit was lower than at the end of q2.
The firm’s capital is more abundant, with the core capital adequacy rate at the end of q4 falling by 17bp to 13.69% from the end of q3 to the top of the list, laying the foundation for scale expansion. Profit predictions: firm assets are of good quality, growing faster, and roa and roe are in the same industry, deeper and deeper.
The three main strategies of housing rental, inclusive finance, financial science and technology are “three strategies”, informed government, rural revitalization, green development, old-age health, consumer finance, management of wealth, science and technology finance, district expansion, etc. Risk factors for the livelihood of the population: economic over-expected, less-than-expected policies and a significant deterioration in the quality of assets.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance: Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weights of roe and roa Figure 6: Undesirable rates vs. Industry
Figure 7: Provision for coverage vs. Industry Figure 8: Scale-up and rate of increase
Manager, formerly employed in the Sino-Kinjia Portfolio, and the Chinese-Kindo Securities Research and Development Centre, November 2019. Liao Yiang, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, selected for the College of Honors, Financial Science Tests.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. Part of this is unsettled, unsymmetric, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.