On April 21st, the company released a quarterly report from 2025, which met expectations, and the first quarter of 2025, when the electric smart layout was gradually realized, the whole car was out of the sea to cross-growth.
The power layout - the Shangri-La programme has accelerated: in the new energy car market, sales have increased rapidly, with the company ' s share of new energy using vehicles in 2024 amounting to 67,490,000 vehicles, an increase of 53.56 per cent. In the industrial layout, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ninder era for a comprehensive and deeper cooperation.
Aveta completes the c-round financing to further improve the ecology of the new energy industry chain; Intelligent layout - the “Beidou Sky Consort” project is being fully upgraded: the company works with China as a comprehensive upgrading strategy, covering a variety of areas such as brands and ecology, cloud and ai technology, green energy, and industrial chains.
During the reporting period, the Chang-Ann Digital Thinking Plant was officially inaugurated as the world's leading 5-g-digit intelligence plant and awarded a license to widely apply more than 40 advanced technologies, such as 5g, ai, and digital twins, which marked the manufacturing chain.
On the global scale, the Heinau Baychon project entered the fast track: in 2024, the company made its first coverage report for the whole of the vehicle, Research-Longan (000625), which showed a cross-cutting increase, with the company selling 536.2 million vehicles abroad throughout the year, an increase of 49.59 per cent.
During the reporting period, the company organized a Middle East Africa launch of the Chang-Ann brand, which comprehensively upgraded its territorialization operations and services, while establishing its foreign affiliates such as Mexico and Germany. In addition, the company’s first overseas new energy source.
The entire base - the Chang An Thai factory will be in production in May 2025, with a capacity of 100,000 vehicles per year, radiation, the company as the country's leading autonomous vehicle company, the channel layout and the competitiveness of the entire product are leading the industry, while the company's long-term deep-deeping and layout in the process of electrodynamicization and intelligence is about to enter.
The slowdown in the growth of new energy cars in Chen Xiaoyu has led to increased risks from competition in the industry, less than expected penetration of new energy sources abroad, increased risks from trade barriers abroad, and less than expected growth in corporate intelligence.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts