The new energy plate has seen a significant loss of bicycles, and the Heinau Baychon project boosts profitability.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Traditional brand performance pressure, with scale effect releasing losses driving new energy bicycles. 2024 Companies achieved 2.6838 million vehicles, +5.12 per cent of the year; companies, based on combined sales
Rapidly, deep blue cars/Avita achieved sales of 24.39/736 thousand in 2024, with a clear shortfall of 0.64/546 million net vehicle losses in 2024, or 70.57%/58.94%, except for deep blue cars/Avita's traditional branding performance.
In spite of the pressure on traditional brands, which included a source of inspiration, to achieve a net profit of 3.389 billion won in 2024, i.e. 36.19 per cent of the year, we believe that the main reasons are the low level of sales as a source of new energy, and the low level of sales of fuel vehicles.
In the short term, deep blue cars under the company's flag release three full-scale solutions, and self-researched Deepaladpro's purely visual approach can be achieved.
In the long run, 35 smart cars will be launched over the next three years, with a full-scale l3/l4 driving function planned for 2026/2028.
In terms of reserves, deep blue s09, open-source q07 locates the family suv, has a wide market space, and is expected to lead to an upscaling of brand sales; Aveta 06 opens up a pre-sale, 26 hours has been ordered to make steady progress on the Heinau-Bichuan project, and overseas production can be phased out.
The base is expected to be operational in May 2025, with a capacity of 100,000 vehicles/year, covering the global right rudder market. The company is expected to launch a round of financing to accelerate the transformation of new energy sources in May 2025 in Mexico and Latin America, respectively.
5/3 of the new item, and in September it was shown at the Munich Car Fair in Germany to speed up corporate branding in the European market. To enhance localization of overseas markets, 2025 years of energy security.
Cars are planned to establish more than eight new companies in regions such as the United Kingdom, Brazil and the Middle East.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: companies in 2025 are smart enough to have a stock of new products, the Hai Beechuan project is advancing steadily, and the strategy of globalization is expected to boost profitability. The current competition in the city is intense, and companies are still undergoing a new energy transition, with higher inputs, and are expected to have an impact.
Corporate performance, on the basis of which we lower the company performance expectations, is expected to be below the comparable corporate average and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Base construction falls short of expectations; tariff changes risk; upstream raw material price increases; geopolitics
\triangleright is part of this report. Without the interference and influence of the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc.
Lew, to the extent that you know it, you have no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended, in your company, in yourself, and in your property.