Chang An vehicle (000625). New energy sales in March increased by the same ring ratio, and swords in Europe will accelerate globalization.
In March, the free-rider traffic was raised by the same ring, and the new energy sources showed good performance. 1) Total sales: company sales in March 2025 increased by the same ring sales, brand names, and auto-car sales, benefiting from the market moving into normal consumption periods. Looking ahead to the city, the company’s growth in sales in April is expected to continue, driven by the twin-new policy dividends and the consumption sentiment of the Shanghai Car Fair. 2)
At the same time, in March 2025, the company increased its sales of new energy sources and the penetration rate of new energy continues to rise. According to brand names, the source sold 153,000 vehicles in March 2025, a significant increase in the ring; Avita sold 105,000 vehicles in March 2025, a doubling of the ring ratio, a major increase in the Avita 07 contribution; and Deep Blue delivered 244,000 vehicles in March 2025, a similar increase in the ring ratio.
New models, such as pre-sales, are expected to be marketed in April 2025 and are expected to accelerate the cycle of corporate smart electric products, land on European markets, globalisation, and build a new pattern of multipolar growth. In 2025, the company will focus on five major projects, including the launch of the Kd project in the CIS region, the completion of the creation of a Brazilian subsidiary in Central and South America, and the full import of Changan in Central and East Africa.
In March, the company organized a European launch of the long-term automobile brand on the theme “sharingthefuture” in Germany, with nine cars of the three new energy brands (Save Blue S07, a strategic model for landing on the European market, to be marketed in May 2025, with pure electricity and mixed power), and clearly identified them.
By the end of 2025, covering at least 10 European markets, the entire European operations were planned for 2028; and in Thailand, the “All right rudder production base” Luo Yong factory was put into operation, with an initial planned annual capacity of 100,000 vehicles, with a doubling of the total capacity after the second expansion, to 200,000 vehicles and a planned shift to a global strategic vehicle, deep blues05.
Chang An Car (000625): New energy sales increased by the same amount in February, and the speed at which power is equalled - investment proposal: taking into account the company ' s intensive new energy vehicle-type planning in 2025, a clear strategic layout for globalization, with Hwa and Ningde
The level of cooperation at the time has increased, and we are looking at the outlook for the transformation of corporate electric intelligence and the growth space of the global market, projected at 2024-Gong An Car (000625): January roll-out ratio, short-term volatility of new energy sources, growth momentum remaining.
Added to this is the summary report of one company: three major statement projections.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.