O1 performance has increased, and the volume of new vehicles on the market has increased over time.
*q1 performance increased on a year-on-year basis, with a marked improvement in the cost rate during the period when the increase in exchange gains was driven by billions of yuan, compared with +16.81 per cent, mainly due to an increase in exchange rate gains. q1 Māori ring ratio drops by 2.3 pct, mainly as a result of higher sales promotions, resulting in a decline in the average price of a single car, plus a decrease recognized by q1.
. .q1’s three major new energy brands have increased on a year-on-year basis, with a decline in the ring affecting the average price of a single car and the return on investment. q1’s total sales of 705.2 million vehicles, or +1.9%, of which three are new energy brands Aveta/Deep Blue/Initiative.
Sales increased by 80.5 per cent and 68.2 per cent respectively, while the sales of the traditional series of gravity decreased by 8.0 per cent on the same basis.The ring comparison showed a 32.7 per cent decrease in the sales of the q3 deep blue brand, resulting in a 23.7 million dollar decrease in the average price of the car and a 2.3 per cent decrease in the sales of the Maori ring; and a 43.6 per cent decrease in the sales of the Avita ring, resulting in a corporate q1 return on investment.
• New cars are growing in high-volume sales, and the Shangri-La plus Bei Doo-Bian-Change project is advancing simultaneously, and the company is moving further into three major projects: Shangri-La plus Bei Doo-Bian-Change. With regard to electricization, the company has been developing three major new energy brands, with a major new product cycle in 2025: (i) Deep blues09 mounted super-carrying.
In terms of intelligence, companies have successfully entered the market, and in addition to China's leading intellectual skills, the 2024q4 performance has increased, drawing on three major projects.
It will also enjoy the return on investment after profit, while the self-research programme will continue, actively follow up on the right to intellectual power, lead the new car cycle - the company update, and the forward-looking layout of flying cars, human robots, and so on. With regard to globalization, the company will be added in 2025.
Fast-track overseas product layout, plans to roll out globalized products such as Deep Blue S05, q3 performance in South-East Asia/Europe/East and Central Africa/South Central and South-East Asia, with new vehicles heavily marketed, 12 products imported in high-growth regions such as the United States, with overseas market sales targeted at 1 million.
Performance Quality — Corporate Information Updates, " O2 Performance & Rings Increases, HW for New Enabling Vehicle Sales Growth Time — Corporate Information Updates "