2024: Performance meets expectations, three plans match expectations q4 performances, and self-employment improves. 1) Revenue level: and increases in sales/asp ring ratios.
+14.2 per cent/+37.7 per cent; conversion of q4 with an average of $95,000 per bicycle, corresponding to 3.3/+0.5 pct, respectively, the main reasons for the improvement included 1 deep blue technology q4 sales of 146,000, ring returns of $100 million, and a gain on the same ring, mainly because of the Aveta q4 sales volume ratio
The proceeds of disposal were 2.530 billion yuan, with a significant increase in the same ring ratio, mainly due to the inclusion of a factory in the government collection project. 6) The company q4 eventually realized a net return profit of 3.74 billion yuan, with the same ring ratio, to a new energy source, the Shangri-La programme, the intelligentization of the North Doo-Congregation programme, and the globalized Heina-Bichuan scheme.
In October 2024, the company released its own autonomous high-level autopilot system, "Long An WikiLeaks", which continues to advance intelligently, with Avita as the first vehicle to enter Shenzhen for Smart Technology Ltd., working with China to support its future development; and in the area of exports in the CIS countries/Europe.
Chang An Car (000625) / Middle East/South-East Asia/Central and South America’s five strategic markets have been actively developed, overseas product profiles have been completed
Good. In 2025, the company will speed up the layout of overseas products and plan to launch global products such as Deep Blue S05  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: Consider Avita/Deep Blue Profit Capability Improvement, and also Consider the Tribute.
In 2027, we forecast a net profit return to the mother of $13.8 billion, which corresponds to Su, High-level Smart Drive, which continues, and we still maintain the "buy-in" rating for the Cheonan.
The three major financial forecasts for the Changan Car are based on the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., which has qualified as a securities investment consulting business.