Q4 recorded a significant increase in profits. The company q4 achieved revenue of 48.773 billion yuan in the first quarter of the year, compared to the same amount.
+13.19% ring ratio +42.46%; net return to mother: 3,742 million yuan compared to +158.92% compared to +158.92% compared to +13.19% compared to +13.19% compared to +13. New energy + high growth overseas, opening up a new cycle of automobiles.
Two hundred and sixty-four thousand vehicles, seven years old. Of these, seven thousand are sold in the new energy vehicle, along with the 10,000-mega level public market, the deep blue-middle-high end market, and the Aveta-300,000-mega-mega smart pole.
The tower has doubled its sales year-on-year to 10,000 for three months in a row; deep blues 05 has been on the market for 10 days, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and deep blues 07/s7 sales have broken by 110,000 for the year. This year, plans are under way to launch Avi.
Highest/lowest price within 12 months 536,000, +49.6 per cent, year-on-year overseas sales, top three autonomous brand exports, over 30 per cent increase in sales across the border, faster distribution of overseas products, plans to roll out deep blues, etc.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}Change cars: Automobiles, Auto-Introductions, Auto-Technology, Auto-Incomes, Auto-Incomes.
Among them, solid-state battery development is progressing in the first industry, with energy density reaching 400wh/kg, with a plan to achieve mass loads by 2027. In the field of smart driving, Avita, as the first car to enter Shenzhen to see smart technology, is in line with China's overall upgrading strategy.
The Chn platform, built by Chang An and Wah for the Ningde era, has produced a series of three products, full-scale dry-ads 3.0 smart drives. At the same time, Chang An is strengthening human robots, flying cars, forward layouts, and commercial landings.
Investment proposals: The Automotive Entrepreneurs build a world-class automobile group. Chang-Ann's car works to achieve a breakthrough of 2.8 million vehicles in 2025, a new energy source, the Shangri-La programme, the Smart Bei Doo-Congregation project, and the Global Heiner-Bechian plan, which accelerates and upgrades its transformation, investing more than $20 billion in driving the flight over the next five years.
Automobile development, over $100 billion over the next 10 years, to explore solutions for air, land, and human robotics. The weapons and equipment group is in the process of restructuring with other multinational companies, and the carrier is building a world class automobile group. The business income is expected to be 2025-2027, respectively.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.