New energy brand bicycle losses were significantly reduced and three strategies accelerated the transition - 2024 Annual Report Performance Review - Chang An Car (stock code: 000625.sz)
Events: Corporate annual reports for 2024, generating business revenues of $15,973.3 billion, and cosmopolitan export scale effects driving profitability in overseas markets, new energy brands, deep blue and Avita bicycles.
Losses were significantly reduced: corporate ownership brand sales increased by 5.6 per cent to 159.7 million in 2024, volume structure improved significantly, new energy sales increased by 55.0 per cent to 73.46 million in the same year, and export sales increased by 126.8 per cent to 536.2 million in the same year, and 12.8 to 24.1 per cent in the same year.
In Qin, q4 rose to 38.7 per cent, q1 in 2025, the company ' s sales structure continued to improve, and the average car price fell by 0.05 per cent to 7.21 million yuan per year, with the average overseas car cost falling by 30.4 per cent to 7.21 million dollars per year.
Sixty-five thousand yuan, mainly affected by the expansion of the foreign market to a wider market, rose from 7.2 per cent to $753 million on a par with the domestic flat, largely thanks to the promotion of brand image as a result of the increase in the share of new energy sales. To the impact of increased competition in the domestic market, the profitability of export markets benefited from a marked increase in scale effects.
The Māori rate in the company ' s overseas market rose by 1.9 pct to 26.2 per cent in 2024, while the Māori rate in the domestic market influenced profitability levels, while the company ' s new energy brand achieved a relative depth of 300 vehicles through scale effects and positive downs.
Ten thousand dollars; Aveta brand net profit of -40.18 billion dollars, with an increase in losses of 8.8 per cent over the same period, but sales increased by 217.4 per cent to 64.3 million vehicles, with a sharp reduction in the single-car deficit of 65.7 per cent to $6.25 million over the same period.
The three strategies of Shangri-La + Bei Doo-Tung + Heinau-Bichuan promote accelerated transformation and integrated competitiveness of companies enter the period of acceleration: the company Shangri-La (New Energy), Bei Doo-Tian-Congregation (Intelligentization), and the sea in 2025.
The three major plans of Nabichuan (Globalization) are expected to contribute to the sustained acceleration of the transformation of the company, with new energy sources, with the company launching in 2025 more than 10 new energy sources, including Aveta06, Deep Blues09 and Open Source q07, the accelerated completion of the product matrix, the opening of a 26-hour order in Aveta06, 20,000 orders, and the full potential of the blast.
The gradual diversification of the supply of new energy products is expected to further enhance the company ' s potential for new energy sales growth; in terms of smartness, the company launched the Beidou Constellation 2.0 project on 9 February 2025, which will carry 100,000 dollar-grade vehicles with laser radars to drive the acceleration of intellectual parity, with end-to-end model production expected to be achieved by 2025.
In terms of globalization, the company plans to build six new overseas kd plants in 2025 and the Thai factory plan in May.
It is expected that the process of globalization will continue steadily with the completion of 460,000 offshore capacity by the end of 2025, which will be distributed overseas. The three corporate strategies are expected to lead to an overall increase in corporate competitiveness, accelerating the transformation of firms into new energy sources, intelligence, globalization, and improving corporate product chains.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.