Autonomous new energy performance accelerates the transformation of new energy sources. 48,000 vehicles, or 14.1 per cent of the total, were issued in the month of 0604, 2025.
In March, the company made a substantial increase in the volume of new energy sources. \triangleright sold 166,000 vehicles, i.e. 5.5% of the year, ring + 75.8% of the year ' s energy sources, and in March, it distributed new sources of energy.
The Division will introduce new products such as Aveta06, Deep Blues09, Long Enlightenment q07, which will ensure an accelerated electrical transition at the same time as the fuel matrix.
Aveta, deep blue energy, new energy transitions are accelerating. In March, deep blue and Arvita brand sales were evaluated in the following series: Avi plans to launch two brand new cars, including S09, with deep blues09 in six layouts and on board.
At the Avita level, the new models are Aveta06 and Aveta12 and Aveta07.
Avita06 will be equipped with a system of arcs 3.0 and thongs 4.0 with a price of 3.006225.sz, which is expected to be evaluated in a series of three-point reviews in January, with a pre-sale of 26-hour orders to break 20,000 vehicles and see the company ' s new energy transition accelerate.
The growth of overseas sales is accelerating to open the global market. In March, there were 50 million vehicles sold overseas, compared to + \triangleright, and five major items, including the creation of a Brazilian subsidiary and the full import of the three brands of GLA/DLA/Aveta, were completed.
In Thailand, the global right rudder production base is available in 2025q1, with an initial capacity of 100,000 and a total capacity of 200,000 after phase two. Corporate globalization is clear and fast, with the hope of opening up long-term growth space.
Investment Recommendations: We watch the company's electric intelligence transformation, super-volculus for intelligence, and keep the profit forecast \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
Figure 1: LWAG wholesale sales and same-time increases (vehicles; %) Figure 2: LWAE bulk sales and same-time increases (vehicles; %) Figure 3: LWAE bulk sales and same-year increases
Figure 4: Overseas wholesale sales and same-time acceleration of Chang An autonomous brand (vehicle; %) Figure 5: Monthly sales of deep blue brands Figure 6: Monthly sales of Avita brands
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.