Chang An vehicle (000625). New energy sales recovered, and indirect stockholding group restructuring programme landed: Chang An vehicle released a May 2025 fast market, with 22.43 million vehicles distributed in May 2025 and 18.47 million in May with the same ring brand and 7.99 per cent/+15.67 per cent with the same ring ratio; and a cumulative wholesale sale in 2025 m1-5
In May, Aveta, Deep Blue accelerated the release, and Thailand launched a new energy plant. In May 2025, the company's wholesale sales, autonomous sales, increased by the same ring scale, largely thanks to the release of new energy plates.
Looking ahead to 2025, Deep Blue will also launch a smart sports sedan that will launch a new model of medium-sized sedan (c390) and compact suv (b216) vehicles. For exports, in May 2025, the company sold 448 million vehicles abroad, +5.69% ring ratio, and the Luong factory in Thailand became operational in May 2025.
Under the separate restructuring program, the fleet ' s automobile business will be divided into an independent central enterprise, with the State Finance Committee of the State Council directly carrying out the role of funder. The State Finance Committee of the State Council will, as a matter of procedure, channel the separate shares of the armed equipment consortium into the Chinese weapons industry.
Group Limited. When the separation is complete, the shareholders in the indirect control of the Chang-An automobile will be changed to a separate business for the vehicle. The central benefit of this split-up is that: 1) The strategic status of the vehicle business belonging to the Chang-Aan automobile will be increased: it will be independent from the weapons and equipment cluster system and become directly supervised by the State Council's State Finance Committee and focused on the car.
(b) Focus on the main industry, with an excellent governance structure: the New China platform will focus on the car owner and hopefully inject a stronger company into the critical window of the transformation of electric intelligence during the country ' s automobile industry.
Institutional safeguards and the long-term development of dynamic energy, as well as the shortening of the company's decision-making chain, have also helped to optimize the efficiency and transparency of its operations.
Quantified innovation, a strong new energy cycle: new energy benefits to company-based intensive new energy vehicle-type planning in 2025, clear global strategy layout, level of cooperation with the Chinese, Ningde era.
Deepening, we look at the outlook for corporate electric intelligence transformation and the growth space of global markets, and therefore maintain the “buy-in” rating.
A corporate summary report on globalization delivers at a slower rate than expected, using data information on legal compliance, carefully presents findings and presents the present report independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.