Laboratory services and cmc continued to grow strongly, and the proposed acquisition of the song had to expand structural biology to a net profit of 471 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 12.9 per cent.
Laboratory services and cmc continued to grow strongly, with companies upgraded year-round performance guidelines.In terms of operations: $2025q1-3 company laboratory services generated operating revenues of $6.04 billion, same-bed research services generated operating income of $1,440 million, an increase of 10.3 per cent, and Māori rates of 11.8 per cent.
Summing up: the company's four main business plates are operating robustly, laboratory services and cmc operations continue to be strong, and annual year-round income growth is targeted at 12-16% (the previous value was 10-15%). We believe that the household structure of the company is dominated by biotech and is relatively sensitive to financing the investment, as the Fed enters the interest zone.
During this period, the company’s performance is expected to accelerate.
Itd announced its intention to acquire 82.54% of the shares without tin.
Drug research and development institutions provide early development services for new drugs “based on complex proteins, with structural biology at its core, and with the cooling of the mirrors” and create a leading brand in international high-end structural biology.
The client base, with the integrated platform of Conlong, is expected to reach more global clients further; 2) the efficient synergy between structural analysis biology and Conlon's bioscience service operations: 3) step-by-step strengthening of Conlong's technical capacity for expression and screening of proteins and antibodies of all kinds: 4) through rehabilitation
\triangleright Risk factors: risks of geopolitical and tariff uncertainty; inadequate financing of the biomedical industry
\triangleright Market Commissioner, with excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in the operation of the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in wide-ranging medical industry research experience, joined the Sinda securities in 2024, covering mainly medical services, cxo, upper life sciences,
In 2023, he joined the Cadastre, which was responsible for research in the fields of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
In 2023, he joined the CSP, covering Chinese medicines, pharmaceutical businesses, pharmacies, and credit securities.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.