Materials: From cost to difference, Proteus leads to song, and we think that the market underestimates the trend of structural upgrading of the demand for Protein and the tendency of the leading companies to do so.
Benefits. As applications widen and applications become more complex, downstream industries are increasingly demanding bobble performance. Small businesses that lack competitiveness and R & D capacity are gradually being phased out by the fabric of the demand for bobble, and, conversely, lead technology companies can develop trends.
High-value-added products, by taking advantage of higher-end markets to further expand market shares and achieve higher-value growth, further expanding the dominance of relatively small businesses. This trend has been underestimated by the market.
We expect supply to increase in the next two years. On the demand side, given the potential for wind power and infrastructure to bounce back into the ground, there is a wide range of light quantitative applications for cars.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is large, and we believe that the demand for fibres will continue to grow steadily and the basics of the industry will remain good. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Since 2009, companies have scaled up their products through R & D and helped them to achieve a steady increase in gross interest rates over the industry cycle since 2013. Given the trend of variation in the bovine industry and the share of high-end products in the company,
With the delivery of tons/year electronic veils, companies will become the largest producers of electronic veils in the country, taking steps to expand their share of high-end markets and deepen their strategies for differentiation. The valuation is expected to be repaired with respect to flair.
The firm is considered to have a similar position to the glass, its development strategy and its development path, even if not 1, and we believe that the market underestimates the trend of structural upgrading in the fibre-optics sector and the benefits that the leading companies derive from it. As applications widen and applications become more complex, downstream industries are increasingly demanding for fibre-optic performance.
By contrast, small enterprises that lack competitiveness may be phased out by structural upgrades in the demand for bovine fibres, and the gap between leading and small businesses will widen further. This trend is currently being pursued in the city.
In terms of supply and demand patterns, we believe that the basics of the fibre-optics sector will remain good for the next two years. On the supply side, because 2010 was the peak of the production of the fibre-optic capacity, and because of the 8-10 year cold-repair cycle of the fibre-based pond, we expect more capacity to be put into cold-repair over the next two years. And, according to our statistics, despite the higher production capacity in 2018, 2019 to 2019.
At the same time, structural upgrades in the demand for fibres may eliminate some of them. On the demand side, given the potential of wind-loading machines to rebound, the increase in the penetration rate of fibres in light-quantified cars, and the steady development of the pcb industry, taking into account the fact that the most difficult moment in infrastructure is over, we believe that the demand for fibres is behind us.
Over the next two years, growth will continue to be stable: 3. The King’s glory breaks the cycle, and the cost advantage is difficult to replicate. China’s Great Stone leads the curves of China’s bobby industry, the hypercar era and the differential development period, successfully opened through improvements in glass formulations, lubricants and other production processes.
At the top of the market, and on the path to differentiation, the Māori rate of the company’s fibre-optic business has steadily increased since 2013, breaking the cycle. The cost advantage is still evident as companies move to differentiation. Because of the company’s adjoining flask resources, the cost of natural gas is low and the size of the kiln is large, its cost advantage makes it difficult for competitors to replicate it.
In 2017, the company’s 200,000-ton production base was completed, mainly in irradiated Europe and the Middle East, while the United States factory began construction in 2017, and the Indian base was ready for construction.
Post-natalization benefits companies to expand local markets: companies have a clear external market layout, and are about to advance into emerging markets like India, taking advantage of the pre-emptive advantage, while radiating Euro-American markets, challenging international leaders, and further raising global market shares. In the same vein, we believe that overseas projects are low-cost and save transport costs and tariffs for direct exports.
As leaders in their respective industries, the glass is similar to the Chinese Stones, which have the same Māori ratio as the industry, and is also achieved through R&D.
The product has been upgraded to take advantage of high-end markets, also using the development path from China to Europe to the United States. For the glass, we believe that even without taking into account other favourable factors, such as the convergence of the two elements and the reform of the State, the sound valuation hub of China’s giant stone should be expected to be more than anticipated, with the expansion of downstream applications and the increasing complexity of the application landscape.
In terms of the overall industrial fundamentals, the supply-side cooling peak has not yet ended, new production capacity between 2019 and 2020 has had limited impact, and in the future some of the production capacity that is lagging behind may be further phased out as demand structural rises, while demand is expected to grow steadily, so we expect industry fundamentals to remain good over the next two years.
We think that the market underestimates the structural rise of China's giants from the bovine industry, and that differentiation will become a new trend in the bovine industry, and we think that, as of now, China's modern bovine industry has gone through four phases, namely, Israel, from 1997 to 2000.
The start-up phase marked by the introduction of the first ring line in the inner kiln, the rapid rise in production between 2000 and 2008, the rapid replacement of the rapid growth period for the production of the kiln, the shift of external demand to domestic demand between 2009 and 2013, the gradual replacement of the curved over-time of the foreign brand, and the current emphasis on technological innovation and improved fibre optic performance.
Para. Since it is only through the upgrading of the fibre-optic performance that the products can adapt to the increasingly complex and difficult applications of the existing downstream industry and expand new downstream applications, differential development centred on technological innovation is a necessary trend for the future of the fibre-optic industry, a trend that is currently underestimated by the market.
Phase I: The budding of a pool kiln, 1997-2000. Until the end of the 1980s, the country’s fibre-optic production was generally based on energy consumption and poor stability, with advanced technologies. To this end, since 1990, the country has organized a business-wide production of fibreglass for the large pool kiln process.
In 1997, the country’s first ton-class production line for the production of alkaliless kilns was completed. Since then, the kilns have replaced the country’s main production technology, and the fibre-optic industry has entered the era of large pond kilns.
With the increased mastery of large-pool kiln technology and the rapid growth in global demand for bobble-combined materials, domestic fibre-optic companies have expanded their capacity to produce kilns, and increased their cost-control benefits through increased sales and scale effects. In the case of giant stones, which were set on fire in September 2004 on the first line of the world’s largest 60,000-ton swank kilns, as of 2008, they had been built in the village of Kiryu.
In the interim, the production of fibre optics from the pond kilns rose rapidly from 23% in 2000 to 82% in 2008. Because of the labour-intensive industry, the entanglement between 2000 and 2008 was a period of full demographic dividend.
As a result, low human costs and the scale of the increase in the size of the kilns have led to a rapid expansion of the global market share of the country’s fibre-optic enterprises. From 2000 to 2008, our output rose from 220,000 tons to 2.11 million tons, and the share of global production rose rapidly from 9 per cent to 46 per cent, making it the largest producer of fibre-optics.
The quality of snails has improved, and the proportion of exports of fibre-glass bars has increased from 18% in 2000 to 35% in 2008, and external demand has been one of the main drivers of domestic production growth in fibre optics.
As a result of the 2008 financial crisis, global production fell sharply in 2009, and global demand for fibres recovered slowly with the recovery of the economy, with a combined growth rate of only about 2% between 2010 and 2013. By contrast, domestic demand for fibres benefited from wind and electricity subsidies, 4 trillion stimulus policies, and the development of new and emerging industries, and remained stable, growing from 2009 to 2013.
At the same time, the ratio of exports fell to around 24% in 2013, and domestic demand replaced external demand as the main engine of growth in our industry. After the financial crisis, some of the leading international firms began to shut down some of their overseas production to cut costs.
Vensconin’s 50,000-ton wind-clothing capacity, located in Hangzhou, has not yet been restored. As domestic demand remains strong, leading domestic firms, including China’s Great Stones, have begun the gradual replacement of foreign assets in such products as wind-clothing, hot-plastic, etc.
Phase IV: Diffusion of the development period, 2014-present. After the financial crisis, the expansion of international business capacity slowed considerably, while in 2012 we introduced new conditions for access to the fibre-optic industry, significantly raising barriers to entry in the industry, and stabilizing global production patterns and demand growth.
The development of the tourist industry places higher demands on the performance of the bobble. First, as the requirements for the use of fibres in the fields of transport, aviation, energy, and preservation are gradually increasing, the traditional single enhanced material (e.g., veils, cloths, platings) is no longer sufficient to meet the requirements of new composites: at the same time, the composite material meets higher levels.
In addition to the mechanical requirements, special functional requirements must be met, which also impose higher requirements for fibre-optic feedstocks, especially for their surface modifications. Second, thermoplastic materials, because of their ease of processing, recyclability, and enhanced, good mechanics and machinery properties, are in many fields (e.g., in many cases, in the form of improved physical and mechanical properties).
In the period from 2014 to 2017, the production of thermal solid composites declined from 2.72 million tons to 2.35 million tons, while the production of the reverse thermal plastics increased from 1.62 million tons to 2.09 million tons, with an annual compound growth rate of about 9%.
Finally, with the development of the wireless broadband network, satellite communications, and satellite navigation industries, electronic equipment is now moving towards high-frequency, high-frequency circuit boards, which rely on them, as well as coatings for electronic fibre sheets.
As a result of the structural upgrading of the demand for fibres, businesses tend to remain profitable and unsustainable with the industry’s cycle if they simply increase the size of the kilns between 2014 and 2017. For example, nine new pieces of material will be dropped in Shandong in 2015.
With the new production capacity, the Māori rate of the fibre plate has continued to decline in 2016 and 2017. Industry fundamentals will remain good, both in terms of supply and demand, and we believe that the supply and demand patterns of the industry will remain good over the next two years.
At the end of the spectrum, there is limited capacity for new production over the next two years, and because of the peak of production in the fibre-optic industry from 2008 to 2010, and the normal cold-repair cycle in the fibre-optic kilns is 8 to 10 years, and the structural upgrading of demand may phase out some capacity, we believe that supply growth will be more limited over the next two years. On the demand side, we believe that infrastructure and wind-loading machines will rebound.
The electronics sector will grow steadily, and the fibres in the light-quantization of cars have a wide space, so we expect that the demand for the fibres will continue to grow steadily over the next two years. Cold repairs will enter their peak, with limited additional capacity.
According to our statistics, 630,000 tons of new non-electronic fibre-clothing capacity were added in 2010, the second highest level of production in 2008. With a cold recovery cycle of 8-10 years, we expect the cold-repair peak to continue over the next two years. In terms of new capacity, although there were more new capacity in 2018, according to current statistics, the country was under construction between 2019 and 2020.
The proposed non-electronic fibre-optic capacity of 290,000 tonnes/year, or 7.2% of the already operational capacity, is what we expect to add over the next two years. Second, we believe that, with the structural upgrading of fibre demand, some of the small-scale coarse production lines may be phased out by the market because of the inability to produce high end products and cost pressures.
As of the present date, the gross and pure middle alkali production capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year totals approximately 546,000 tonnes/year, representing 13.6% of the non-electronic production capacity of our pond kilns, or about 455,000 tonnes/year of production of this component of the long cut-off line, and still accounts for 11.3% of the non-electronic production capacity of our kilns, most of which were built before the new regulations were introduced in 2012 and were small in size and difficult to produce.
We believe that if this part of the production line is not upgraded, most of them will be phased out due to industry variations and cost pressures, thereby further improving the supply and demand of the fibre-optic industry. If the increased environmental protection will further phase out the production of titanium, pottery process and backward kiln capacity, it will be possible to produce more.
Structural upgrades will support the demand for the fibres, which are widely used in transportation, construction, wind power, electronics, and pipelines. We believe that wind power and infrastructure contact, rebounding and lightly quantifying vast applications of the fibres will support a steady increase in the demand for the fibres. At the same time, we recognize that the demand for the fibres will continue to grow.
According to the National Energy Agency ' s Programme for Building Additional Winds from 2017 to 2020, the size of the country ' s new wind power generation from 2018 to 2020 is the same.
28.84gw, 26.6gw and 24.31gw, a significant increase from the actual construction in 2017 of 19.5gw. At the same time, by the end of 2017, wind power had been authorized to hold 89.6gw, and this part of the project would have to be built by the end of 2019 if the 16-year pole price was to be met.
At the same time, given the drop in the rate of winding, the lifting of parts of Red Six, and the State’s encouragement of decentralized and offshore wind projects, we believe that this wind-winding cycle can be sustained by 2020. We believe that good value for money will boost the use of fibres in light-quantified cars.
In 2020, the fuel consumption limit for passenger vehicles was controlled at 5 litres per 100 km (6 litres in 2017), while the most important means of controlling fuel consumption was to reduce the weight of the vehicle. In terms of aggregate prices, the fibres were good, light in weight, relatively low in price relative to carbon fibres and steel, and were the best metal alternatives.
We think that the worst of capital investment is over and will rebound. We think that the weak capital investment in August was slowed down to 4.2%, mainly because of data delays.
We believe that the most difficult times for capital investment have passed and will rebound in the fourth quarter of 2018 or in the first quarter of 2019. We believe that developments in the electronics sector will stabilize the electronic veil market.
Taking into account that pcb's main downstream industries are communications, computers, space and medicine, we conservatively expect a combined annual growth rate of 5% of our production of pcb over the next three years. Assuming that the electronic veil costs 5% of pcb at an average price of 13,500 yuan per ton, according to our calculations, I will be in 2018-2020.
The country needs 30 to 40 million tons of new electronic veils every year. So far, between 2019 and 2020, the country is building an electronic veil with a capacity of 150,000 tons per year, so we believe that the growth in demand can largely offset the impact of the new production capacity and enable the market to protect China’s giant stone: the King’s glory breaks the cycle.
Following the completion of the rapid development phase with the Chinese fibre-optics industry of replacing the pool kiln with a single-line upgrade, China ' s giant rock has, since 2009, led to technological changes in the Chinese fibre-fibre industry ' s turn-over and differentiation phases, which have led to far-reaching changes in the structure of the market for the bobble-optics, which has also led to companies, since 2013, to complexes of fibre-optic and fibre-optic products.
Even in 2016, when the price of fibre optics and profit margins fell across the industry, the company also increased its Māori rate, breaking its life cycle. As a result of the expansion of high-end markets, China’s share in the domestic market (in terms of China’s production of giant stones) rose from 29.7% in 2010 to 35.5% in 2017.
Since 2009, China ' s giant stones have been able to break through high-end products through the upgrading of glass fluids and leachate formulations, opening up high-end markets such as wind veils, hot plastics, electronic veils, industrial preservatives, and environmental protection.
With regard to glass formulas, China ' s Great Stones introduced the E6 formula in 2009, which is less expensive than traditional e-optics, better physical, corrosive and environmentally friendly, and the first high-performance fibreglass formula in China with autonomous title and international patent authorization. In 2014, China ' s Great Stones successfully developed the E7 formula, with reference to both volume and intensity.
During the year, the company targeted high-end markets, successfully rolling out e8 high-module fibres, filling the gap in the super-high-model market, and moving forward with the innovation and application of large wind blades. With regard to leachate, in 2014 the company made it possible to use high-dispersive lft with veils through leaching formulations and innovation in production processes.
In 2016, the company successfully launched high-performance electronic fabric processors and high-performance electronic veil leachants, which significantly increased the competitiveness of its products in high-end markets.
Corporate process upgrades have been significant, with e7-based short-cut and flat-free direct bra-free products selling more than 30% in 2016, helping companies directly seize the share of light-quantified and wind-fired high-end markets. With company-e8 products starting to be produced in batches in tonnes of kilns in 2017, we expect sales of company high-end products to be proportional.
It's going to be further upgraded. With product upgrading and the overall climate of the bobble market, we expect the company's 2018 high-performance electronic veil strategy to further contribute to differentialization, and China's P-d Group started technical cooperation on fibreglass electronic fabric production in Germany in 2005.
The electronic veil production requires advanced processes such as puncture piping, reciprocating powder leaching, large roll-up-to-frequency fast-wiring, and more stringent air flow temperature controls.
At the same time, the initial investment in the electronic veil production line is about $35,000 per ton, well above the normal layer of 10,000 yuan per ton. High barriers make the electronic veil a less competitive area, with better supply and demand, and are now better priced and profitable than the rest.
In December 2017, the company issued a public announcement disclosing plans for the expansion of its smart manufacturing base, which included 150,000 tons of fibreglass coarse-skinned intelligence production lines and 180,000 tons of new electronic gauze projects, with an estimated total investment of about $9.32 billion. According to our calculations, the company has three rounds of electricity.
With the full post-natalization of the veil project, the company’s electronic veil capacity will reach 222,000 tons, increasing its market share to 24%, taking into account the fact that other companies are building projects, and becoming the largest electronic veil producer in the country. Given the high barriers in the area of electronic veil segmentation, the steady growth of demand, and good price profits, we believe that the company will be able to make a difference.
Expansion in the area of electronic veils will further contribute to corporate differentiation strategies and make electronic veils one of the main drivers of future growth in corporate performance. Cost advantages are difficult to replicate.
In addition to the process upgrading that led to the transformation of differences, China’s Stone Cost Control continues to be in the lead of the main competitors, and we believe that China’s Great Stone cost advantages are difficult to cross. First, the main raw material for producing bovine is the flask in the Zhejiang and Fujian provinces, which together account for the entire country.
According to our statistics, as of August 2018, 75% of China’s production capacity was located in the Zhejiang and Fujian provinces. The proximity of the Leafstone Resources gives companies a unique resource endowment and a transportation cost advantage, and from that, the company’s purchase price is significantly lower than that of its competitors.
Figure 25: China’s giant stones are on the list of productive capacity, and, secondly, companies have ensured that the price of natural gas for the production of the main energy sources is lower, including through competitive negotiations, multi-ratio prices and the signing of permanent agreements. The average cost of natural gas purchases by companies has gradually declined in recent years, from 9 to 9 in 2017.
The company’s gas purchase price was only $1.89 per cubic metre per month, which is significantly lower than that of the major competitors. Finally, since 2014, the company has significantly improved its production efficiency through large pool kiln technology (one line, 180,000 tons), big leakboard technology (6,000 holes) and pure oxygen combustion.
The average single size of the electronic sarcophagus kiln, 87,000 tons, is significantly higher than that of the competitors, and its scale effect makes it difficult for competitors to be more effective and the cost controls of the leading industries have resulted in a 3.5% annual reduction in the unit cost of the company ' s direct and combined sarcophagus production of fibres and products from China ' s giant stones in 2010.
With the impact of the global economic situation, prices of raw materials such as ores, energy, etc. are under considerable upward pressure, but we believe that good cost controls make the company’s overall costs manageable. We expect that in 2018 and 2019, the company’s fibre-optic products will be in tons. There is still room for further cost reductions as intelligent manufacturing bases become operational in the future.
The distribution of corporate products in Europe, India, and Turkey has been affected by anti-dumping duties since 2014. To offset the impact of dumping duties and further expand overseas markets, the company has built 200,000 tons of production bases in Egypt and in 2017.
The company now operates a three-continental strategy, which is home-grown production bases in Kiryu, Chengdu, and Xijiang, while the international production base is spread across the five continents. The company’s overseas production line is based on an extraneous supply model, and products are sold mainly to overseas markets.
The former Egypt’s 200,000-ton/year production base has been built, the US’s 80,000-ton/year production line is expected to start in the first quarter of 2019, and India’s 100,000-year production line is expected to start by the end of 2018. It has now been announced that all overseas projects will be delivered after delivery, bringing the company’s overseas capacity to 380,000 tons/year.
We believe that China’s Great Stone overseas layout is clear-cut and will also be one of the engines of corporate growth. In addition to avoiding potential anti-dumping and tariff disputes, the project’s full-scale placement abroad by post-natal companies allows both to take advantage of emerging markets such as India, and to radiate the market’s share in Europe and America and further expand the global market.
In the United States, for example, companies in the United States enjoy cheaper land, logistics, and energy costs than domestic companies. While initial investment in overseas projects can be significantly higher than domestic projects because of rising labour costs, it takes into account a reduction in direct exports from China.
Savings in transport costs, tariffs, etc. (in the United States, for example, freight and tariff costs are around $250 per ton, or more than half of Māori tons) and cheaper production costs abroad, and we believe that overseas projects may further reduce corporate costs and increase corporate profitability.
China's Great Stone Front, which dates back to the creation of a collective company in 1969, the Shihmendong Windmill Plant, started producing and selling fibres in 1973. As the first pilot company to be a country's mixer, the company was transformed into a private company in 1989.
During the economic crisis at the end of the last century, in an effort to counter high foreign prices, the company introduced Chinese building materials, among others, in 1998 to establish China Chemical Building Materials Company Ltd. (the company’s predecessor), which was listed in 1999. Since then, the company has established a market-based structure for the company’s company, which is still the first shareholder, holding 26.97% of the shareholdings, and the second largest shareholder, Zhenshi.
With 15,59% in shares, we believe that it is responsible for specific operations. (The Chinese share in the building materials lists China's Stones as a joint venture, and there's no figure 34: The structure of China's Great Stones gives the company a lot of advantages in terms of money, size, technology, brands, etc.)
Businesses are flexible and well-incentived, institutional advantages are significant, and the company’s efficiency is assured. For the glass to be glorified, it is estimated that China’s Great Stone has grown well.
Three similarities: a similar industry background, a similar industry status and business strategy, a similar development path. We believe that, in the light of the glorious trajectory, even without taking into account other favourable factors, such as the integration of the two elements and the reform of State enterprises, China’s Great Stone valuation will be restored to 15-20 times greater.
A similar industry background: After 2011, Chinese automobile production left the era of high growth, and as a major part of the car, the high car-glass dividend ended. But as consumer demand for car safety and intelligence grew, the car industry ' s integration and intelligence-type requirements for car-glass were just as high, and more and more of its functions were integrated into the steam.
In the same way, demand has slowed since the global financial crisis and the retreat of the domestic 4 trillion stimulus, but as the application environment has become more complex and the downstream industry has expanded, the performance of the downstream industry on the fibres has become equally demanding, and the technology leading firms will be able to take a step-by-step approach.
A similar industry position and business strategy: both the glass and the Chinese rock are the leading firms in their respective industries, from market share to profitability. Faced with the demand for structural upgrading of the industry, both have been achieved through extensive research and development.
The glazing glass has succeeded in developing high-value-added, high-end products, such as panoramic windows and hud glass, while the giant stones have also achieved breakthroughs in glass formulation and leachate technology, with product structures gradually tilting toward higher-end markets. As China’s demographic dividend fades, the two are simultaneously undergoing a shift from labour-intensive to intelligent manufacturing operations.
A similar development path: after the consolidation of the country’s leader, the expansion of the glass and the Chinese giants abroad accelerated. The glass was built and acquired in Russia and the United States, leading to a development path from China to Europe to North America.
From the valuation point of view, the Gorgeous Glass has been placed after the Russian project in 2014, moving gradually above average as the process of globalization and the share of high-end products has increased. By contrast, China’s Stones have been valued in 2013.
And then it basically follows the industry cycle and does not reflect the company’s achievements in differential development and globalization. So we think that in the future, even without taking into account such factors as mergers, state-owned reforms and so on, the company’s valuation hub can be gradually restored to figure 36: 12 months’ projection of the pe-value band.
(b) The continuing over-anticipated increase in raw materials and fuel prices;
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.