We've seen a narrow drop in performance, and the price of electricity in Guangdong is expected to rise back in 26 years.
The company's 25h1 power performance benefited in part from the low base.
Liang Yunan, billion kwh, 3.80%; Red River, 12.337 billion kwh, 1.78%; 25q3 Internet access prices have decreased or narrowed on the same date, and the Māori rate has improved.
Business income/subsidiary electricity usage measures company prices for Internet access (with no consideration of the impact of engineering operations), with 25q3 companies generating 0.442/kwh on average of 6.66 per cent compared with 6.66 per cent and narrow from 25h1-8.61 per cent. We believe or benefit from the low base level of monthly electricity prices since 24h2 in Guangdong Province.
Cost pressure falls, other gains increase, and income tax reductions contribute better to the net profit than to the net profit. 25q3, the effect of which is that the net profit growth rate of the company ' s 25q3 returns is slightly better than to the end of the profit.
According to the Guangdong Power Trading Centre, the 26-year annual market-based electricity consumption of Rieng Au Yangjiang nuclear power has been arranged as a final trading cap and no change-cost compensation mechanism has been implemented.
Even assuming that the price of annual marketed electricity in Guangdong will drop to 0.372 yuan/kwh for 26 years, we expect that the price of integrated Internet access for Guangdong nuclear power will continue to rise at the same rate, thereby generating profits for the company.
Investment proposal: considering the cancellation of the Guangdong Nuclear Power Change Cost Compensation Facility, we re-evaluated company 2025-2027.
Galactic Environment Public Use, China Guangker: Short-term Volatility 3.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete your investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.