The elimination of variable cost compensation prices in Guangdong is expected to recover, complete the injection of nuclear power in Huixiang, generate more electricity and lower electricity prices are expected to slow the growth in performance. 14.14 per cent of the company ' s operations were achieved in the first three quarters of 2025, mainly as a result of increased market-based electricity consumption and lower electricity prices.
(+3.17%) Electricity growth has slowed, mainly as a result of the increase in power generation in the city port this year, which was more time-consuming than in the same period last year and the reduction in the amount of time spent on the Great Asian Bay and Ridgedong switching. On the third quarter of the day, the Guangdong Power Trading Centre released the Key Mechanism for Trade in the Guangdong Power Market 2026.
The government-authorized one-way differential contract mechanism for nuclear power applications is the same as in the previous year, but no change-cost compensation mechanism is in place.
When electricity is eliminated, the marketed price increases are about 4%/kwh (including taxes), i.e., about 2%/kwh will be raised in the worst case where the market price hits 0.372 yuan/kwh. The price increases plus the production of new units, and the company’s performance is expected to rebound in 2026.
On 17 October, the Ministry of Finance, the General Customs Administration and the General Tax Administration issued a bulletin on the adjustment of value-added tax policies, including wind power generation. The nuclear power unit, which had been officially commercialized by 31 October 2025, continued to be implemented in accordance with the original policy; by 31 October 2025, the State Council had issued a circular on the adjustment of the value-added tax policy.
Approved nuclear power units that have not yet been officially commercialized, nuclear power generation enterprises producing and selling electricity products, introducing a policy of first charging and withdrawing value-added tax within 10 years of the official commercial start-up, and " China Guangning (003816.sz) - low-performance at the price of electricity, to be injected into Huixhu Nuclear " .
The percentage of tax refunds is 50% of the taxes already deposited; the nuclear power unit approved after 1 November 2025, " China ' s Guangning (003816.sz) " , and the increase in the price of electricity, has delayed the growth of performance, and the introduction of a value-added tax (VAT) policy has been discontinued.
In the case of taxes, VAT returns are not actually occurring, and it is expected that the short-term adjustment of VAT policy will not have a significant impact on the profitability of nuclear power, such as China Guangning (003816.sz) - a robust growth in performance, a security port and a nuclear belt in Taiwan.
China Guangning (003816.sz) – The increase in power generation during major repairs slows down and new nuclear injections are completed. The company has completed the payment of the transaction for the infusion of assets, 31 October, China Guangning (003816.sz) – major repairs have slowed growth in one quarter, and Taiwan machines have slowed down.
China-China Guangzhou Nuclear Power Company Ltd., China-China-China Nuclear Power Company Ltd., China-China-China Nuclear Power Company Ltd., China-China Nuclear Power Company Ltd., and China-China Nuclear Power Company Ltd. completed their asset injections. became a subsidiary of the Department of Public Administration, with 82% of the nuclear power stock in Hue-zhou, China-Second Nuclear Power Company, and Hue-zhou-South Nuclear Power Company.
The investment proposal is to adjust profit projections to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Given the continued increase in electricity production, the fall in electricity prices has slowed the growth in performance.
This is due to an increase in market-based electricity and a drop in electricity prices. Business income of $20.556 billion was realized in the third quarter, corresponding to a decrease in the same amount, electricity on the Internet of $17,279 million kwh (+3.17 per cent) and electricity growth slowed down, mainly due to the fact that the city port was generating more electricity this year than in the same period last year, and to the reduction in the amount of time spent on the Great Asian Gulf, the Riverstone remodelling.
In the single quarter of the quarter, the total amount of electricity generated by the company was 62.511 billion kwh, corresponding to -3.37 per cent of the year, ring to +3.95 per cent of the year; the cost of the company ' s electricity on the Internet fell by 0.03 per cent of the year ' s cost of sales, reflecting a slight decrease of 0.02 pct; the management cost was 3.05 per cent, an increase of 0.20 pct, compared to the same period; and the financial cost was 5.76 per cent, a decrease of 0.47 pc, compared with 5.76 per cent, of the same year;
In recent years, under the nuclear power approval rhythm and the nuclear power project construction cycle, the company has reached its peak, with capital spending moving to a peak with the construction of the project and the production of new aircraft.
On October 21, the Guangdong Power Trading Centre issued the Circular on Key Mechanisms and Parameters of the 2026 Trade in the Guangdong Power Market, with the final cap on the final trade of about 31.2 billion kwh in the nuclear power arrangement between Liang Ao and Yangjiang nuclear power.
The government of electricity applications authorized the same one-way differential contract mechanism as in the previous year, but no change-cost compensation mechanism was implemented. When the average price of a market transaction was constant, the market price of nuclear power was raised by about 4 points/kwh (with taxes and the same), even in the worst case of a Guangdong market price of 0.372 yuan/kwh.
On October 17, the Ministry of Finance, the Customs Administration, the Tax Administration issued a bulletin on the adjustment of value-added tax policies such as wind power generation.
The fleet, which continues to be implemented in accordance with its original policy; the nuclear power plant approved by the State Council before 31 October 2025 but not yet officially commercialized, which produces and sells electricity products, has implemented a policy of first remission of value added tax (VAT) for a period of 10 years from the date of official commercialization, with a rate of 50 per cent of the tax paid; and 1 November 2025
In the case of nuclear power plants that are subsequently approved, the VAT policy is no longer applied. Due to the introduction of VAT credits during the pre-natal phase of nuclear power delivery, no VAT refunds have actually occurred, and it is not expected that the short-term adjustment of VAT policy will have a significant impact on the profitability of nuclear power.
The company has completed the payment of the transaction for the injection of its assets. On 31 October, the company completed the infusion of its assets as a subsidiary of the company ' s nuclear power company, China and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
The investment proposal is to adjust profit projections to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Given the impact of the lower price of electricity, the author is expected to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author