On 30 January, Xu-Mu issued a performance forecast for 2017, with a net profit of RMB 1 - RMB 1.05 billion attributable to the shareholders of listed companies and a profit of RMB 210 million for the same period last year, an increase of 379.42 per cent - 403.4 per cent.
The industry of engineering and machinery has remained weak for many years, and Xu's mastership has remained unswerving, driving management measures to reduce costs, strain costs, manage risks and improve efficiency, while continuing to innovate in terms of the "technology lead-in-the-art-no-lose" standard of action.
A comprehensive acceleration of the shift from traditional advantage products to high-end, high-reliability, high value added, and large tonnage strategies. In a time of resilient growth in the industry, firms seized on the opportunity, with full domestic and foreign market activity, and in 2017 Xu’s cumulative sales of 9805 cranes increased by 109.15%.
The company invests in the establishment of Xu's power provider.
The engineering and machinery industry actively embraces the Internet performance and accelerates the expansion of international markets through the use of Internet advantages to complement the distribution channels and to promote the upgrading of companies' traditional international trade transactions; on the other hand, by accelerating the exploration of post-foreign market patterns through the Internet, such as used cars, spare parts, leasing, etc., to foster new profit growth points.
A step-by-step growth of traditional industries and new and emerging plates. Industry prices are on the rise, with products such as cranes directly benefiting from the National Conference on Transport, which set a target of 5,000 km by 2018 for new highways.
With an additional 50,000 kilometres of traffic going through the country, and 170,000 kilometres of motorway traffic or breakthroughs in 2020, the annual compound rate will be maintained at over 6.4%. The demand will continue to warm up for engineering machines such as excavators, cranes, etc.
The equipment price increases are already on the rise. Under conditions of still-stressed downstream supply, the excavator industry is expected to increase substantially, leading to continued high sales of the entire engineering machinery product.
The price of raw materials fluctuates and the expansion of operations is slow.
Under pressure, Chinese equipment companies are looking forward to rising prices.
In 2017, the volume of excavators doubled, and in 2018, the mechanical industry continued to grow.
Liu Zhenwoo, Head of the Large Mechanics Group, Master of Science and Materials, Beijing University of Science and Technology, former manager of China ' s China Metallurgical Control, and planning and acceptance by the Beijing City Planning Committee
The author has a solid theoretical basis and extensive business experience in the field of mechanical equipment and basic materials. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.