It is expected that industry patterns will be optimized, and running patterns are expected. Based on the engineering and machinery landscape, the growth trend is expected to continue until late 18 years.
It is hoped that the country’s corporate advantage will be magnified, and that the world’s high-end equipment manufacturers, product competitiveness and profitability will increase significantly, and we will continue to recommend attention. Xu Engineering and Mechanical issued a forecast that net profits in 2017 will be between $10 and $1.05 billion, a significant increase in comparison.
The company ' s performance has grown significantly, at a rate of 14 per cent over the previous year, compared with the forecast of 12,400, which is higher than the industry ' s rate of increase; Xu ' s vehicle crane sales are more than 9805, representing an increase of 46 per cent over the same period. The crane, as the fist of Xu ' s machine, continues to push large tons of product.
Guang, consolidating the vanguard, and increasing profitability. Xu's core product market is at the top of the market, leading the industry, and Xu's engine crane is at the top, with 48% of automobile cranes in the city.
Xu's 2016 Report: Accelerating performance in the fourth quarter, with a rate of about 20 per cent for the Trio and the Central Quaker Section. Heating, leading the crane market, 2017.03.25.
Xu's share is 42%, and the market's share is 33%. Xu's share is 75%, with a double monopoly.
The number of excavators under the Group’s banner reached 11 per cent, third in the market, higher than the rate in 2016, qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations by 2 percentage points, and, together with the Trio team, is accelerating the import replacement of excavators.
Excavator block assets are expected to be injected, and city occupancy rates are expected to increase further.
All right, industrial excavator sales are expected to reach 9,500 in January, an increase of 111 per cent over the previous month, and we are looking forward to the March sales, which will focus on more means (including agent sales channels, marketing policies, etc.) for the sale of excavators, and will seek to increase the city's share of 1-2 percentage points and consolidate the first party position.
The project was approved to further develop the technological upgrading and internationalization project and the Internetization of the Xu Engineering and Mechanics industry. As an asset-intensive enterprise, this fund-raising is expected to help companies upgrade their high-end equipment manufacturing capabilities, improve international competitiveness and contribute to new performance growth.