17 years of corporate performance in line with expectations and significant growth in beneficiary industries across product lines Events: Company performance forecast 2017 issued on 30 January, with a total annual profit of 1 billion, 17 years of business performance largely in line with expectations, and significant growth in beneficiary industries across product lines: Corporations
If you benefit from a resilient growth in the industry, the company’s domestic and foreign markets are fully active, and the traditional industries are growing on a full-line basis with the emerging plates. The company’s car crane market is close to 50% and is in absolute leadership.
The engineering and machinery industry will remain high in the year, and the company’s product lines will continue to grow to benefit from the industry. The group’s income is the highest in the country, and the dredging business is gaining momentum: according to the International Construction magazine, Xu’s revenue was $4.771 billion in 2016, and 8th in the world.
Gross equity/flow (million shares) is the largest revenue in the country for many years.
Production, the cumulative sales of the Xu excavators in 2017 were 13881, an increase of 163 per cent over the same period, the highest/lowest growth of 12 months in the city, and the industry trend continues upwards.
Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425) The Engineering Mechanics Industry is steadily increasing, high-end equipment manufacturing, environmental industries, internationalization, etc.:
The company proposes to invest $4.156 billion in underground construction equipment, high-altitude operating platforms, high-end equipment such as smart logistics equipment, environmental industries such as smart compressor station projects, internationalization projects such as the Indian Engineering and Mechanical Production Base and industrial Internet upgrading projects to enrich and expand.
At present, non-public distribution has been approved by the CVM. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect the company’s net profits for 2017-2019 to remain on the “buy-in” rating, respectively, taking into account the anticipated injection of assets from the group excavators.
For 17 years, the company's performance was as expected, with a significant increase in the number of beneficiary industries. Industry research was good at industrial chain research, especially in industrial automation-related sectors.
In June 2017, Pacific securities were brought together to explore investment opportunities through industry and corporate fundamentals. He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.