Electronic and non-financial first-time coverage report for electronic consumption, audio holdings (688036.sh)
Three quarters of the Māori rate ring is repaired, and four quarters of the volume + profitability is expected to continue to improve. The company earned 51.252 billion yuan, yoy + 19.13%, and the net return to the mother $3.903 billion, yoy + 0.5%, in the three quarters of 2024.
In the third quarter alone, the company achieved $16,693 million, yoy-7.22 per cent, qoq-246 per cent, and three quarters of net return earnings and Māori rates fell, but Māori rings started to grow and become active in the second quarter. The idc data show that the volume of SMS delivered in the fourth quarter of 2024 was approximately 27.2 million, folding and swimming.
Deep-farming global emerging markets has been driving new market openings and high-end strategies for many years. For many years, companies have developed stronger competitive advantages in markets represented by Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America.
The idc data show that in 2024, companies made about 106.9 million global deliveries, representing 8.6% of the market share, 12.7% more than in the previous year, and ranked fourth in the world. In the future, companies will continue to deepen their cultivation of niche markets such as Africa, enhance their competitive advantages, while continuing to refine the support system for new market openings, emphasizing the sustainable development of new market countries, and exploring them.
In addition, the company will increase its medium-to-high-end and research and development resources to help achieve medium-to-high-end sales breakthroughs, and will continue to drive improvements in the company’s smartphone structure and higher average prices. Sounding or reconciliation with high-tone, working with Ali, will continue to strengthen the ai layout. July 2024, High-tone India.
In addition, on January 7, 2025, Officer Ariyun announced that the sound was working with Ariyun, and that the Xinjiang model had been installed on the name of Tecno's technology under the banner of the message.
Mobile phone phantomvfold2. In recent years, sound-promoting technology has accelerated at the end of the layout, exploring large models and connectivity technology, image aigc technology, small language ai voice technology, etc., and is expected to push the company to a better start in the future.
The average value of the Division is 32 times, and in view of the company’s leading position and long-term growth in emerging markets abroad, it is the first time that I have reviewed my personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers. With my diligent professional attitude, professional due diligence, the use of legally compliant information, and the independent and objective production of this report, no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, is not, or will be, directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.