Pil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Technology.
Audio Holdings (688036.ch): Quarterly Camp Mathieu reiterated the “buy-in” rating for audio Holdings: Voice Disclosure Performance Express, Company 2024
Quarterly performance has improved. This has laid a good foundation for the company ' s fundamental growth in 2025. According to idc, sound smartphones in 2024 are ranked fourth in the world, Huang Jia Qi.
There are still better growth dynamics in: 1) smartphones are more dynamic and certain about their output. Companies will be active in South-East Asia and Latin America, promoting a continuous upturn in mobile phone operations; 2) digital accessories and storage products are expected to be preserved in extension operations.
At a higher rate of growth; 3) mobile interconnections will increase faster and, thanks to the leverage of scale, the profits of the business will increase faster than the revenue increases. In the medium and long term, the ai and Deepseek drive the industry and are expected to give the company the edge of its mobile phone.
Business provides incremental and promising improvements in cost space. Sounding is currently valued at 18.3x, taking into account the high market sentiment at the end of the story, valuations have upward space, and we reiterate that sound • sounding 4q24 and profit ringing improves.
According to idc, four seasons of sounding smartphones are paid on the same day as March (in millions of yuan)
The volume dropped by 4% and the ring grew by 6%. The net profit for the fourth quarter was RMB 16.90 billion, an increase of 2%, and the ring grew by 60%. Based on the four-quarters performance report and the outlook for the future of the sound, we adjusted the profit from the years 2025 and 2026.
• Valuation: we value sound holdings using dcf valuations. We use 1.8% of cellular output to grow at a slower rate than expected. Industry competition has increased, company cellular shares have increased less than expected, or profit margins are under pressure.
The company has invested too much in its new business and its costs have increased too fast.ai, especially at the end of the line, has landed faster than expected.
According to the 4q24 performance report, the rate of market penetration and the rate of increase in the Maori rate is slightly lower than we had anticipated before, and we used the dcf (discountedcashflow, cash-flow discount method) valuation method to value the sound control. We assumed that the rate of growth of the audio-control stock was 10% between 2030 and 2034.
The weighted average capital cost is 6.1%. Other basic assumptions can be found in the following two tables. Our Pilgrim International pessimistic and pessimistic scenario scenario
Pessimistic scenario: corporate incomes are growing less than expected
The recovery in demand for products from consumer electricity such as smartphones is higher than expected, especially in developing regions; the recovery in demand for sub-products is less than expected;
(a) The successful expansion of firms in some emerging countries outside Africa has led to renewed competition in the industry, with high profit margins;
African market machines are switching smart machines faster than expected, driving the average unit price of sounding phones to continue to rise.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.