Improved business performance, improved core profitability, improved performance indicators, and increased profitability on a quarterly basis.
The research assistant, Chiang Jiang Song-hyun, increased by 13% compared to the previous year by 11.5pc compared to q1, mainly due to a significant improvement in business performance in the second quarter.
Operating income increased by 7.4 per cent from the same period, q2 quarter growth by 12.5 per cent, q1 increase by 10pc and interest and non-interest income by a significant improvement. Specifically, net interest income increased in the first half of the year, compared with the increase, largely supported the growth in the middle.
Other non-interest income of $7,146 million, an increase of 31 per cent over the same year, driven mainly by the fact that the Fund is rededicated. Under the environment of lower interest rates, interest differentials for the second half of the year continue to rise.
But since the second quarter, the interest rate of peers has been driving interest differentials back up. Looking ahead, the booming banks will benefit significantly from an ample liquidity environment in the next half of the year, and there is still room for raising interest differentials. ▪ Asset liability structure: loans are growing steadily, non-standard sizes are down, core liabilities are under pressure.
Credit card loans have been more heavily invested, the non-target size continues to drop and the structure continues to be optimized. At the end of June, the total capital stock was $6.56 trillion, or 2 per cent more than at the end of March. Of this total, loans totalled $2.67 trillion, representing a net decrease of $17.2 billion from the end of March.
The balance of deposits at the end of June was 3.1 trillion, an increase of 13.8 billion at the end of March, and only 16.5 billion at the beginning of the year. Of this, demand deposits decreased by 42.7 billion in two consecutive quarters, a further decline to 40.9 per cent.
At the end of June, there was a net decrease of between $30 billion and $49.1 billion in the balance of the joint-services bill (wind) and an increase in the share of the “co-operative-plus liability” in the total liability to 40.22%, but after the elimination of the settlement deposit, the regulatory requirements were met.
▪ Quality of assets: Future trends warrant continued attention. The percentage of bad sales and transfers due to problem lending (negative + concern) is 0.96%, up 0.54pc from the same period last year, and the negative generation pressure is on the rise.
A one-time increase in late loans is still more stringent. The balance of late loans at the end of June is stable over 17 years, with 18 years of continuing business transformation to 1.22%, or related to the acceleration of credit risk exposure in some areas in the recent past.
2. The Bank of Episodes for the Tri-quarters of 2017 is still more stringent. The provision for withdrawals and write-offs has increased, and the provision for coverage is still at a higher level.
Improved asset quality drives profit growth, accumulation profitability projections and investment ratings: the performance of the booming banks improved markedly in the second quarter, interest rates and non-interest collections both performed better first, leading to a significant increase in profit growth before the provision.
However, in the environment of lower interest rates, there was a marked positive gain in net interest differentials; the first half of the year saw a greater increase in overdue loans, and the East Wu Sujun figure 1: Growth in income and profits from the booming banks (billions of yuan)
Figure 2: Interest income and non-interest income as a percentage of interest earned by booming banks Figure 5: Asset end distribution of booming banks Figure 6: End of booming bank liabilities
Figure 7: The loan structure of the Henging Bank.