"One Wings" increased profits, and pressure on farming operations weakened.
• The “one wing” boosted profits and the pressure on the farm industry weakened by maintaining the “buy-in” rating, with the China Group issuing a fast-track performance report for 2021: the company collected $86.74 billion (+43.8 per cent) in 2021, resulting in a net gain of $1.60 billion (-36.5 per cent). During the reporting period, the company's non-pig business achieved a profit of $2.6 billion, compared to an increase in profits.
Thirty-eight percent of them, including $2.3 billion in net profit from feed operations, more than $100 million in net profit from dynamic conservation and seedling operations; high growth in biomass feed operations, and the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration, highlighted by the company ' s sales of 18.7 million tons (+30 per cent) of feed in 2021 and the consumption of 860,000 tons in domestic farming.
The price of raw materials is high, and the cycle of pig and poultry farming is low, and the profit from the feed industry is squeezing in both directions. In this process, the advantages of the company’s industrial chain integration are highlighted, on the one hand, by the company’s increasing seedlings, dynamic input and layout of farm service stations, the further upgrading of the service system and the continued increase in the stickyness of farm feeders;
On the other hand, the weak profits and financial pressures of small feed companies have highlighted the trend towards accelerated exit, at which point the company has accelerated the integration of small and medium-sized capacity in South and North China, and continued to increase the regional market share, laying the groundwork for a 40 million tons of feed (inclusive) sales target in 2025.
The pressure on the farm industry tends to dissipate, and the pig price cycle reverses will bring about a positive contribution: the company produced about 2 million pigs in 2021, and the external purchase of fertilizer accounted for about 1.3 million pigs, or more than 60%. In 2021, the company’s total cost of pig production was mainly due to higher seeding costs.
The company update report - the main business line is extended by about $500 per head from the cost of raising a pig, and the cost of seeding a pig in 2022 will be significantly reduced by the same year, combined with a continued increase in the momentum and short-term performance from the loss of a pig.
The company’s feed formula and cost advantages, and the growing maturity of the breeder system, led to a reduction in the amortization of costs.The company’s production costs are expected to fall below $17 per kilogram in 2022.
The negative impact of the realization of physical profits is weaker and will be accompanied by a cyclical reversal that will lead to a positive contribution to performance.