Long-power technologies (600584.sh) are being consolidated with early results, and future profitability gains are expected (including taxes) to be delivered to the red stock of 0 shares (including taxes) and not to be transferred to equity by the Provident Fund.
In 2017, the company’s sales earnings grew steadily by 24.5% with a slight decline in the year-on-year ratio, with a significant increase in revenue from the former long power technology and the Korean subsidiary jsck. With the domestic integrated circuit industry continuing to enjoy a high profile, the company was able to complete its acquisitions.
The upgrading of advanced containment capabilities has led to a significant increase in the volume of advanced encapsulation products, represented by bumping and wl-csp, while the operation of the Starcombing business has declined in the course of moving from Shanghai to Jiangyang, but production has gradually recovered with the completion of the fourth quarter. In terms of profitability, the company has gained a net profit.
The rate of lubricant, although still below the same industry level, has grown significantly over the same period, has recovered effectively, and Māori rates, among others, have been largely stable. Four quarters of growth is noteworthy, and Māori rates have recovered significantly: fourth quarter of 2017.
Net profits increased by 19.1 per cent and 282.2 per cent, respectively, and although income sizes increased at a lower rate than the whole of the year, as compared to 2016, the company ' s market order acquisition and access improved.
Trends. More noteworthy is the fact that the company ' s Māori rate for the fourth quarter was 15.8 per cent, a significant 2.9 percentage point increase over the same period, and is significantly higher than the overall level throughout the year, and that capacity utilization is still on track after the completion of the relocation of the Starfleet.
During the climb, the company’s level of profitability has recovered significantly, with a potential for sustained growth in the future, with a net profit rate of 1.7 percentage points rising by 2.5 percentage points, led by an increase in the Māori rate. The future development strategy and business plan: power and power generation, improved astrology, targeted RMB 25.8 billion: the public.
The Division has revealed that the business objective for 2018 is to achieve business income of $25.8 billion a year, and that the core idea is to achieve long-term electricity technology: the future of the market continues to be good, to integrate synergies with the continued integration of starry gold pelican and to harness the productive advantage of existing long-power technology, as we can see.
Prototype technology has been recognized for branding and competitiveness in domestic and foreign markets, and will remain customer-satisfied long-term technology: medium-term performance improvement is sustained, integration is not driven, and high satisfaction is maintained through quality assurance of products.
In terms of technological innovation, we work with our clients to develop linkages with large international companies.
Long Teletech: Three Quarters of Starring Kim Pon Consolidated, looking forward to Long Teletech: medium-term performance shows business improvements and investment increases
As the company's stellen is better integrated and progress in swapping debt has been relatively smooth, investment co-benefits have been less than expected; downstream market competition has increased, affecting the company's level of profitability. 180.0%. Companies have expanded their operations by integrating sarcogus and establishing jscks in South Korea to integrate semiconductor power globally.
Roadblocking entered the top three markets and gained effective profitability throughout the ongoing process. (i) Business growth was robust and profitability recovered significantly in 2017. Corporate sales earned RMB 23,860 million in 2017, an increase of 24.5 per cent over the year.
The business of this department and the Korean jsck order continued to grow effectively, while the income of the Starfleet fell only marginally during the relocation process, and the continued expansion of production capacity and market impact was due to the continued expansion of the company ' s business. The net profit of shareholders in listed companies in 2017 was $343 million, an increase of 222.9 per cent and a net profit of 0.28 dollars per share in 2017.
180. The company’s operations are still in the process of consolidation, with a sustained recovery of production following the gradual completion of the relocation of HSKKP and a significant increase in revenues and profits from the expansion of the Ministry’s operations and the Korean plant, with the company’s overall profitability at 11.7% for the year 2017, a 0.1 percentage point decline in the same year, and the company’s ability to relocate its production in HSKP.
The recovery process has led to a gradual stabilization of the Māori rate. Corporate management costs and sales cost rates have had a smaller scale effect as revenues have grown, and it is a matter of concern that companies have effectively reduced their financial cost rates through equity financing. 64 days of working days for corporate receivables, 31 days for inventory and 46 days for accounts payable in 2017.
(ii) Increased performance in the quarter of 2017 compared to the quarter of the traditional season, when the fourth quarter of 2017 achieved an operating income of $7.00 billion, an increase of 19.1 per cent in the same year and a net gain attributable to shareholders in listed companies
In the fourth quarter of 2017, the company ' s Māori rate was 15.8%, an increase of 2.9 percentage points from the previous quarter, the industry market in the fourth quarter of the year, which was characterized by a high temperature, and the company ' s smooth operation and improved capacity utilization following the completion of the relocation of the company from the Shanghai Sea to Jiangyang.
The company has achieved effective revenue growth and profit gains in the former Protec-Technology and jsck operations, not only from the domestic half, but also from the domestic half, as well as from the average of 1.0 per cent, 10.6 per cent and 0.2 per cent, respectively.
The continued high-intensity of the corporate integrated circuit industry is even more significant in terms of the significant growth in the volume of goods delivered by companies in the pre-encumbering process, represented by bumping and wl-csp, and the effective integration and competition of advanced technology after the acquisition of stargows. According to regional data, overseas market revenues continue to grow, but Māori rates have not recovered effectively, while domestic markets have not yet recovered.
On the other hand, there has been a positive increase in revenues and gains. (i) There has been a significant increase in the former long-range electricity technology and jsck, with a sustained recovery in overall performance. The company's main business was the integrated circuit containment test, with revenue of $23.41 billion in 2017, representing 98.1 per cent of the total, and other industries.
For the sale of small-scale integrated circuits and splitware silicon tablets. In terms of the major distributions, the operating income for Star and Long Electric Korea was $1.16 billion and $756 million, respectively, down by 3.4 per cent and up by 107.4 per cent, respectively, at the exchange rate of 6.5:1 yuan at the end of 2017, representing the advanced encapsulation process represented by bumping and wl-csp.
In terms of profitability, both post-relocation capacity utilization and good climbs take time to accumulate, but it can be seen that the Māori rate has stabilized. The Māori rate for the company’s integrated circuits was 11.3%, down 0.1 percentage point from the same time, while the chip sales business was gross.
The interest rate increased by 2.4 percentage points to 35.1 per cent over the same period, and the company, although it did not disclose the Māori rate of the business entities, disclosed that the company's long-term electricity technology business and the Korean operation JSck had achieved a net profit increase of 61.6 per cent and a reversal of the profit margin with higher capacity utilization, amounting to RMB 698 million and RMB 153 million respectively, reflecting the recovery of the company's profitability.
(ii) The share of overseas markets has been even, with domestic gains 82.1 per cent of corporate income in 2017 and 17.9 per cent of total revenue in the domestic market, which has remained largely stable compared to 2016. It can be seen that companies have been in the overseas market since the acquisition of starfish and the establishment of the South Korean jsck.
Responsiveness and business orders have continued to expand, but domestic market revenues also grew rapidly in 2017, thanks to the overall expansion of the domestic semiconductor integrated circuit industry, as well as to the effective synergy that companies have created with the former business output after the harvest of advanced technology, increasing overall competitiveness.
Figure 15: The expansion of market revenues over the last three years has been accompanied by an effective increase in profitability. The Māori ratio in overseas markets has fallen by 4.6%, compared to 4.5 percentage points, and the capacity utilization rate has yet to be raised, which will lead to an increase in Māori rates.
(iii) Future development strategies and business plans: power generation, improvement of the Star Section, target collection The company discloses that the business objective for 2018 is $25.8 billion in operating income for the year as a whole. The core concept is to build on the productive advantages of existing long-power technologies through continuous integration of the Star Section Kim Peng and through:
Continue to speed up the process of symphony and loss: implement flat-level management of symphony and establish effective marketing incentives.
The \triangleright mechanism, which implements the Amiba management model, reduces costs, improves efficiency, and accelerates product and customer diversification. Strengthening technological innovation and synchronizing with first-class clients: developing and aligning with major international companies and leading international counterparts
\triangleright ' s technology development road map, developed in parallel with top international competitors, goes beyond development; keeps pace with top-level client technology development, strengthens innovation and continuously upgrades its R&D capabilities and products; and strengthens corporate knowledge
As you can see, progress in swapping debt has been relatively smooth, and investment values have gradually been reflected. The traditional encapsulations of the Yangtze Ministry, Lianzhou, and housing will continue to grow at about 5% per cent per annum, with the advanced scale of long electricity growing at a faster rate than the traditional envelopes in the process of sustained energy release.
The income size of the Korean subsidiary jsck will slow down in 2018, but is expected to recover in 2019, with the expansion of smartphones and consumer electronics. The income size will return to growth gradually after the completion of the relocation, with revenue growth expected from 2018 to 2019.
In terms of profitability, as companies climb up the size of their production lines and increase their capacity to relocate, the Māori rate level will be cost-effective, and the administrative cost rate of the company will be expected to be further reduced by scale effects, and the company’s wealth will be increased.
Cost-of-service rates will also tend to decline as high-interest debt is gradually replaced, and we expect that corporate capital spending levels will remain high, and that firms will still need to build their capacity on a larger scale as they expand to global industry markets. There is a risk of volatility in the semiconductor sector that is subject to macroeconomic impacts;
(b) Increased competition in downstream markets, which in turn affects the level of profitability of companies.