The super transformer's in-depth report reports that overseas orders are taking off all the way to re-evaluate the value on February 12th, 21st, 2007.
▪ The electricity sector is a pioneer in fixed-asset investment from the point of view of economic development. From the first 20 years of economic development in the country, investment in the electricity sector was ahead in terms of its share in the early stages of development, such as real estate, manufacturing, construction, and accommodation and catering.
Later on, with the upgrading of consumption and the transformation of the manufacturing sector, investment in the electricity sector declined significantly in the second half of economic development, falling from the top to the bottom. Our experience has amply demonstrated that the electricity sector is an important backbone of the national economy.
Specialized power is a private enterprise that has proven itself well in domestic and overseas competition for power equipment. The transition is already at the forefront of domestic competition, benefiting from a 16-year transition in ultra-high-pressure exposure.
New high-pressure high-quality orders of RMB 6 billion, which are the highest in the cities for both direct flow and exchange of super-high-pressure transformers. The offshore operation of electrical equipment, which is now the first to be collected and increased overseas in one of the equipment, is already a leader, with a series of summit summits in Kyoto in May 17, the peak of which we predict.
There will be two important benefits, namely, the establishment of a business model, the central release of orders, the acceleration of the grounding of orders from overseas, the replacement of new orders of $1 billion over 15 years, the operation of a new light-voltage block multi-crysilica-plus power plant, and the benefits of the energy plate coal mine and power plant from the Xinjiang acceleration base.
The energy plate, according to the Xinjiang Government Report of 17 years, calls for the acceleration of the construction of Xinjiang, which has been completed.
With more than $181 billion invested in the construction of Xinjiang, which currently has 13 million tons of coal minerals, 30 million tons of hand-way roads, construction of power plants completed by the end of 17 years, and the construction of large coal bases in Xinjiang, in which companies are involved, is expected to accelerate.
To move on to a more dynamic new energy business, the experience and reputations accumulated in overseas power transmission projects will be significant 160831, the first half of the year, the new energy plate will be bright, the energy risk factor: the slow pace of progress in the region will result in the downside of overseas orders: the domestic multi-crystal silicon price battle.
Intense, import substitution processes fell short of expectations; and investment in Xinjiang infrastructure development fell short of expectations.
1.1 Power in fixed-asset investments for economic development is a pioneer industry 1.2 A wide market space is provided all the way along, and 1.3 companies' overseas operations are industry leaders in terms of both share and speed of growth
1.4 Domestic high-pressure high-quality orders to support the company ' s domestic transformers and cable operations2 and the new energy development of PV blocks continue to be positive (60% interest) 2.1 more crystalline silicons were expanded in the first half of the 17th year, with trade battles or high prices maintained
2.2 Power station operations have contributed to the profits from 17 years, and pc continues to maintain the country ' s primary 3, energy industry benefiting from the Xinjiang infrastructure development 3.1 Xinjiang accelerated infrastructure development
3.2 The coal mine and fire power have become new growth points, with detailed segmentation of the 4.1 company ' s performance, subsidiaries and business counterparts. 4.3roe ' s annual net profit rate is now improving as a result of a decline in heavy asset investment.
1.1 Electricity is a pioneer sector in fixed asset investment for economic development. Data are based on the distribution of fixed asset investment volume by year for the years 95-15, so that we can visually compare data from 15 years to 100.
▪ The electricity sector is an important infrastructure industry for the national economy, with a long construction cycle that requires good planning, early construction, and guaranteed electricity demand, based on a well-predicted electricity load. Given the 20-year history of the fastest-growing economy in the country, investment in the electricity sector is leading in terms of its share in the early stages of development.
In real estate, manufacturing, construction, accommodation, catering, etc., later on, with the upgrading of consumption and the transformation of the manufacturing sector, the share of investment in the electricity sector in the second half of economic development declined significantly, and was higher and lower.
Investments in the electricity sector are divided into grids and power sources. The construction is based on the pattern that pre-economic power investment will be heavier than the grid, that in the post-economic transition, the grid investment will exceed the power supply, that the smartness of the grid in the economically developed regions will be more demanding, and that access to new energy sources will be higher.
With the establishment of the electricity market, which requires more inputs from automated equipment, investment in the grid will continue to be higher than in the power supply, but this may be an overall downward trend due to the limited volume of equipment. Most of the less developed countries are currently in the lead-up to phase I or phase II; in 11 years, we have outpaced the rate of growth in the electricity grid.
Power investment, 13 years in excess of electricity investment, is already in the middle of the second phase; developed countries such as Europe and the United States, after long-term investment in power construction, are largely stagnant, and the grid is mainly invested in the intelligence of clean energy access - roads provide vast market space.
Whatever the structure of the economy, the increase in the use of electricity and the growth of the economy are highly relevant. In recent years, the rate of the gdp increase in the country has been about 1.3 to 1.5 times that of the use of electricity, which should be lower in a predominantly secondary-based craze economy, and the increase in the use of electricity, which is more dependent on the support of high-energy industries, is closer to that of the economy.
At the same time, the global warming of bulk commodities is a major improvement in the fundamentals of the road, meaning that their ability to pay their debts is much higher, otherwise it can only be similar to Zimbabwe’s use of elephants to pay China’s debt. It provides a vast market space.
According to statistics, 32 large countries have a lower per capita installed capacity than China, which requires an additional capacity of 1.65 billion kW in China, and 750 million kW in Central India. In 2013, per capita electricity consumption in non-oecd countries along the same route was about 1655.52 degrees per year, while per capita electricity consumption in oecd countries was about 75.79.49 degrees in the same period, the former being only 21.84% of the latter.
The International Energy Agency (IEA): The vast majority of Asian countries along the road have lost more than 10% of their electricity transmissions. For example, Pakistan, India, Mongolia, etc., have lost more than 10% of their electricity, while Kyrgyzstan, Nepal, etc., have provided a vast market space.
▪ Total of non-oecd state electrical equipment along the region, approximately $30.1 billion contracted for overseas projects in China ' s electricity industry in 2014, over the import requirements of electricity equipment, our electricity company
Total exports in these countries will amount to about 300-400 yuan, and the depreciation of the renminbi will also help boost the competition for domestic products.
In contrast to the electricity sector, the power generation plant has tended to be less powerful in the last three years, while the power plant has gone to sea.
There is a clear advantage to one device over the second; on the other hand, the advantage of the company is that the private enterprise system is flexible, while at the same time it is uniquely located in the Xinjiang, and is oriented towards the upper position of the center.
The acceleration of roads will continue over the last three years. 1.3 The ratio and speed of overseas operations by companies are industry leaders, which began to explore the export of transformers as early as the 1990s, 2000.
The search for the overseas lump sum project began, and in 2006 it took over from the tower 220/550kv turn-on package, and it started a successful transition.
The project was completed ahead of schedule, the project was of good quality, it accumulated an unusual slogan, and the Ta-State project won the Ruban Prize abroad.
In Central Asia, India, and now in South-East Asia, Africa, and so on, the release of foreign orders for turnkey engineering, including surveying, design, materials and equipment.
Supply, transport, construction, supervision by building a total power supply package into the best harvest period, 16 years of extraordinary overseas engineering expected to be updated by $3.8 billion, 17 years of orders expected to be over-anticipated: 16 years of projected new engineering
The Beijing-based summit could become an important order for high-pressure high-quality orders to support the company's domestic transformers and cable operations.
The line is 89,000 kilometres long and has a capacity of 780 million kilowatts, and we are now counting the line (including the southern network): 375 thousand kilometres long and a capacity of 349 million kilowatts.
The 13th Five-Five super-voltage project of the national electricity grid is divided into three batches: • Eight-Five-Five Project: Control of the fog in the central east, to meet electricity evacuation needs in the north-west, to be launched in 2016
Construction work, completed in 2018–2019 — “Stand-by” project: construction of a north-east super-pressure ring network, north-east and north-west and south-west and north-south-east and south-east and south-east and south-central China.
The communication channels with Waltont and the super-high-pressure projects, such as the Kantung-Zan and the Russian-Thai-Zan streams, began work by 2018 and became operational from 2019 to 2020.
• Three-way project: start construction by 2020, enhancement of the power grid interior grid in the east, high-pressure main grid in Inner Mongolia, western power grid to Xinjiang and Tibet
The extension works, and the Ipsha-Pakistan direct stream, are, of course, highly high-pressure project approvals that are relatively difficult to predict in the investment, and the construction peak of this round is to benefit from 12 years of warmer homes.
Prime Minister Bao pushed for the Air Pollution Prevention and Control Program. 1.4 Domestic hyperpressure high-quality orders support the company's domestic transformers and cable operations.
Period. Special 16-year ultra-high-pressure orders, close to 6 billion dollars for domestic operations, are subject to a strong downstream industry, price-fixing power and order lines, and can be won as a private-sector company.
The fact that many state companies, the first to get their share of the super-high pressure, have demonstrated the quality of the enterprise, and in the current context of electricity transformation, the power grid is being weakened and only a handful of manufacturers are looking at overseas transformers.
But there are close to 2,000 people in the country, and Māori are under pressure for a long time, and these conditions change in industry concentration as electricity changes. 2.1 more crystal silicons were expanded in the first half of 17 years, trading battles or high prices were maintained.
The company invested nearly 600 million dollars in August of 16 years, bringing capacity from 22 million tons, and the company has a long-term cost advantage within the industry. The market demand for each ton of net, multi-silicon is still critical to competitiveness, cost and quality.
And the amount, like Lungi's pushing single crystalline silicon, buys a lot of polysilicon from the variant, which is because it looks at the quality of the mutation. In the process of production, there's a common market with Lungi.
Adding the customer's needs to raise the price of a single crystal silicon to Lungi. There's a personal difference between the product and the customer, meeting the need for 2.1 more crystal silicon to be expanded in the first half of the 17th year, trade battles or high prices.
The price of Dorysil is 16 years high, mainly because 16 years, 630 years, and 17 years, 630 years, are expected to be slightly less intense than 16 years, so when we make performance projections, on the other hand, about 50,000 tons of our multisilicon imports come from Hanhua each year, and the current international situation is going to the world.
As a result of South Korea's repeated emphasis on the deployment of “Sad”, the trade war between the two countries has intensified in various fields, most notably tourism, and the battery industry in the new energy industry has a similar resistance to Korean Samsung and lig products, so if we get back to the ground, our products will be well in terms of volume and price for 17 years.
2.2 Power station operations have been profitable since 17 years, and the pc continues to maintain the country's first photovoltaic pc, which has been the country's number one, with the gradual release of the load, and this will be an annual prize in the future.
Photovoltaic power stations are operating for 16 years, starting in early 17, and are operating throughout the year with a total of more than 500 mw wind on board, depending on the power restrictions.
Net profit at 0.3-0.4 yuan, profit volume at 500mw per year, which will remain stable at 3.1 Xinjiang to accelerate infrastructure development
Xinjiang's power supply has fallen dramatically in 15 years, largely under control.
The Government's 17-year report on the work of the Xinjiang Autonomous Region called for greater infrastructure, which is a constraint on the Xinjiang economy.
The greatest and greatest potential is for social development. The aim is to accelerate the construction of the Silk Road economic belt, surrounding the structure, the slate, the welfare of the people, the strengthening of infrastructure, and the full realization of investment as a key driver of economic growth, in order to achieve a social capital investment of more than $1.5 trillion.”
▪ According to the Xinjiang Government Report, the energy block calls for accelerated construction of the Xinjiang Xinjiang.
The network upgrade works, the acceleration of clean energy heating demonstration projects, such as wind and light voltage, and the construction of electric car recharge infrastructure, and the completion of Xinjiang construction with investments of more than $181 billion. Actively exploring new models for investing in Xinjiang grid construction, in collaboration with the national electricity company, seeks to reduce the cost of transmission and distribution in the region and to create a Xinjiang power price advantage.
3.2 Coal mines and fire power become the XIII and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region ' s new growth point.
(new energy for transformation [2010] 3088) The National Development Reform Commission (NDRC) Decision on the Xinjiang Large Coal Base Construction Plan was approved by the Commission in 2014
[2014] 387 Xinjiang Large Coal Base consists of four regions, namely, Tah, Bigal, Ipsha and Kubai, consisting mainly of 36 mining areas.
In 16 years, coal produced 13-16 million tons of capacity and coal produced 14 million tons of coal, with a profit of 200 million. Open coal mines, with low yields, are more profitable. The increase in coal will wait until the power plant comes into operation, with 1350 tons of water reaching 30-50 million tons, and 30 million tons of water currently on the sidewalk, depending on the speed of construction of large pit-fired power bases.
• Fire power plant: based mainly on the energy of the Tiandong, the construction of the Changi 2*350mw cogeneration power plant project, which provides 12 million m2 of city heating, and the Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinhai Bay North I power plant 2*660mw pit power station project. The company will be involved in the construction of the Xinjiang large pit pyrotechnic power base, with a total of 10 pit sites with a capacity of 13.25 million kW (the company owns the large pit pyrotechnic power base).
The top two power plants are probably the world's largest pit-fired power base, with seven coal-fired plants around the pit, 10 million tons of automated coal-mine production lines have now been constructed, 10 power plants have been built around them, and it is estimated that by the end of 2017 they will have been able to produce grid-connected electricity.
The annual amount of electricity generated is 10 billion degrees. At the price of $2.25 a.m. on the Internet, it's two to three billion, profits are split up at 4.1's performance, subsidiaries and businesses are more complex, and we're probably going in.
The transformer business has contributed a net profit of 700 million over 16 years, 7-8 billion over 17 years, and high-pressure orders.
Energy (60% interest), 16 years of major benefit from a strong multi-crystal silicon price, 800 million dollars in profit, 17 years of multi-crystal silicon cogeneration.
The station's operation began, with a profit of about 1 billion and a net equity gain of 600 million.
In the context of Xinjiang's infrastructure development, this piece will be 2 to 3 in 17 years, or will be profitable from the sale of electricity.
Overseas engineering, $2.1 billion in 16 years of work on projects, with a profit of 8-9 billion; 17 years of heating, speeding up new orders, profit.
The company ' s current asset impairment loss accounts for a detailed split of the company ' s performance in 4.1, the subsidiary ' s counterpart to the business, the typical value investment, and the company ' s share price since the break-up over 16 years, based on historical valuations.
In a small increase along the 15-fold valuation line (the high valuation here is mainly the pe valuation of the net profit of the ttm), the trading dimension: on the other hand, in 13 years of multi-crystal silicon price hikes and all the way around, there was also an upward trend in valuation, which has been up from 15 to 25 times in 13 years, and this re-evaluation of values is likely to rise all the way around.
The re-emergence of the warm environment, the downside risk of unkilled valuations and a decline in performance, the upward growth in performance, the valuation of 4.3roe's historical decline in heavy asset investments, the current year-on-year improvement in net profitability, the variation of which could have stabilized at over 20 per cent in the 08-10 years r0e, suggests that it has been demonstrated in the traditional transformer industry.
Entering heavy asset industries such as multi-crystal silicon and coal has led to a decline in turnover rates and a drag on the overall roe level, and the current cost of growing multi-crystal silicon production has declined considerably, with an initial investment of 1,500 tons at 1.6 billion, 12,000 tons at 3 billion, and an expansion of 10,000 tons at 600 million, and it is believed that the turnover rate of the polycrystal silicon plates will improve as the cost of asset depreciation declines in the margins.
The Division ' s net profit rate has risen steadily, with the warming of the multi-crystal silicon industry being the main cause, while overseas is currently in the period of Maori release, which has also helped to increase the overall profitability of the company.
The experience and reputations accumulated in the field of power transmission and transformation overseas will benefit greatly from a strategic push along the way: risk factors: slow progress along the way leads to subdued overseas orders: domestic multi-crystal silicon price battles are fierce. Imports. Substitution processes fall short of expectations: investment in Xinjiang infrastructure is not as high as expected.
4.4 Profit forecasting and valuation and risk factors East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.