The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, and high R & D inputs have been deployed for long-term development.
The impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished, and corporate operations have improved in the second quarter. As a result of domestic and foreign epidemics, sales of corporate products in the first half of the year have suffered a certain shock, polyurethane products have declined slightly in the same year, and the second quarter has been accompanied by a gradual recovery of the epidemic in the country.
In the case of polyurethane (PUR), fine-chemical plate sales of 7%, 40%, petrochemical operations affected by installation inspections for one month, product sales and production downsides, but the company took advantage of its channels and cavity storage advantages, 1. Polyurethane installations are continuously overhauled and release controls are guaranteed.
The volume of lpg trade remains high. Costs are strictly regulated, R & D is continuously invested, and the distribution is long-term.
2. The short-term impact of the epidemic, the petrochemical layout reduced the wave line for overhaul, and the company maintained a relatively stable profitability of its products through cost optimization. At the same time, control of the cost of handling and marketing costs was reduced in the second quarter, but in the area of R & D the company maintained a sustained high level of investment, which was the result of a steady increase in the price of the product.
3. " The polyurethane sector continues to expand, petrochemical operations are steady 3% and the technology base is well established for the company ' s long-term layout. mdi sector is expected to improve gradually and project layout continues: in the second quarter, mdi product prices are slightly lower
All right, into the third quarter, some suppliers began to overhaul their equipment, and the company went up again after June 4. "Fukuji base layout, extension of the polyurethane industry mdi listing price in August, building on the highly monopolistic patterns of the industry and the basis for the gradual recovery of downstream demand. "
The company’s product prices are expected to improve gradually, leading to higher profits. At the same time, the company’s base on existing production lines is 5.
Further strengthening of the company ' s existing raw material self-sufficiency while improving the structure of the petrochemical industry chain and upgrading the company ' s long-term profit center, while the Van Hua Fukugi and Sichuan Myeongsan Industrial Park projects are continuing and are expected to sustain the firm ' s steady growth.
In the short term, due to the effects of the epidemic, the demand for some products, such as polyurethane, has been affected, but taking into account the better pattern of the polyurethane industry, the cost and size advantages of the company, the product is expected to pick up in the second half of the year; and the second quarter of the year.
Chenyi3@qizq.com.cn petrochemicals are expected to be put into production in the second half of the year with an overall profit level of Yang's wing.
Epidemic impacts downside risk on the price of demand products; new projects do not meet expectations; risks from price volatility of raw materials; analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market; then averaged the final rating as average investment in the market