Ecurities Centre for Resources and Environmental Research
The company issued a domestic price announcement for mdi, which was listed in August at $15,500 per ton for distribution of polymer mdi in the Mandarin region (up by $1,500 per ton) and 15,500 per ton for direct sale (up by ring).
Stock prices have been raised again, sending a positive signal to the market. This year, when the epidemic affected the mdi, both domestic and foreign markets, the downstream market was hit, demand for products weakened, the product was vulnerable, and the prices of pure mdi and polymer mdi markets fell in April, the most affected month of the epidemic.
At $13,000 and $11,000, the domestic economy has been recovering since May, with a $500 increase in June and a second increase in August. As a result of the short-term impact of the epidemic, the petrochemical layout has been reduced.
The world's largest mdi production enterprise, in a highly concentrated market environment, has a strong market impact, and although there is a gap between a company's listing price and the market offer, through a monthly mark-up, companies continue to send positive signals to the market, control price-fixing and increase the profitability of the product as a whole.
2. " The polyurethane sector continues to expand, with steady mdi and tdi installations being overhauled frequently to improve supply and demand in the industry. 600,000 tons of mdi installed at the smoke station, 300,000 tons of tdi completed 45 days of repairs on 1 July, and Kostov, Germany, 22 July
3. " Fujian base layout booster, extension of polyurethane industry 200,000 tons of malfunction parking repairs, starting on August 8, with the start of 40-day repairs of the 300,000 mdi and 250,000 tons of tdi installations of the European bc plant in Huahua.
The "Screen Strengths, Multi-Vissions for the Longer" project is expected to significantly ease the supply pressure of mdi and tdi products on the market, while the overseas epidemic is expected to improve gradually in the second half of the year, adding to the traditional demand boom in the second half of the year, the demand for mdi and tdi products is high.
In view of the continuous upswing, the supply-demand relationship in the industry is expected to gradually improve, leading to a recovery in the profitability of the product.Currently developed with mdi, the expansion of the industry has resulted in three major patterns of polyurethane, petrochemical and fine-tuning, in which the demand for polyurethane is continuously rising, market patterns are highly concentrated, public
The firm’s short-term profits from some of the products affected by the epidemic are falling short, but future PUR profits are expected to return.
The EDP platform for petrochemical operations, and the company is continuing to develop and expand new materials, with a good start on the epidemic and the risk that the epidemic will affect the downside price of demand products: new projects are not as expected: the risk of price volatility of raw materials.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment