In the first half of the year, the performance of the chemical industry was as expected, and the price of the icycyanate went up the road, southwest securities research and development centre.
Summary of performance: Companies achieved business income of $30.91 billion in the first half of 2020, a decrease of 2.0 per cent in the same year; achieved epidemiological factors and the impact of large fluctuations in crude oil prices, with overall performance pressure in the first half of the year. Companies achieved business income of $15.56 billion in the second quarter, a decline of 0.2 per cent in the same year, with ring growth of 1.4 per cent and net return profit in the first quarter.
External demand declined, with sales of the company ' s PUR series falling by 5.9 per cent on the same basis in the first half of the year, with an average price of RMB 12378.0 per tonne per polymer in the Shandong region, a 16.1 per cent decline in the same year, and a significant decrease in the same rate of return for PURdi average Māori, a 7.7 per cent to 37.3 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in a decline in the overall income of PUR operations.
There has been a marked decline, with prices for acrylic, epoxypropane, mtbe, formalbutyl alcohol, acrylic acid, respectively, falling on a year-on-year basis, resulting in an overall increase of 38.6 per cent in income, but influenced by large fluctuations in prices of raw materials, with the Māori rate declining to just 0.04 per cent. For the operations of fine chemicals and new materials, sales in the first half of the year increased by 27.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
• The domestic and foreign pycyanate devices are subject to high force majeure, mdi, and tdi prices. In recent times, force majeure and repair have caused or caused a strain on the global polymer mdi market, and the Kothschaft Germany installations are entering the overhaul phase due to force majeure, affecting supply in Europe and the Middle East, and hence prices in Europe and the Middle East.
Up to US$ 1,600 per ton, with price increases of more than US$ 300 per ton over the last two weeks, Japan’s current prices are also US$ 1600-1650 per ton, the sum of 900,000 tons of smoke stations and Hungarian Bosou chemistry are in the process of being repaired, and the 400,000 tons of Bassov devices in Chongqing are in parking status, while the future South Korean Lake and Days in Asia and the Pacific are also in the process of being repaired.
Ben Dongcao's devices are also under review, global aggregate mdi downstream demand continues to recover, domestic start-up rates are low, social stocks are at a certain level of consumption compared to the previous period, polyurethane sales are about to arrive in the season, and the summation of mdi is up in August at between $1,500 and $15,500 per ton, while overseas areas are gathering together.
The price of mdi has also risen significantly, with prices in some parts rising to 20% for almost half a month, so we judge that global prices of mdi are expected to enter a trend upscale, while another major product, tdi, has also experienced a high incidence of force majeure both in and out of the sea, including major production devices such as Bassov, Koths, etc.
As a result, the prices of tdi and mdi have kept pace, and market prices have now reached 2.1 million tons and 750,000 tons of capacity, respectively, from the previous period. The Wandaforth Joint Venture was established to build mdi and expand the tdi project.
The company has a joint venture of 80 per cent: 20 per cent shareholding and has a joint venture with Huanhua Chemical (Fukugi) Ltd.