The impact of the improved second-quarter performance loop, a steady recovery in product prices, and the pressure on corporate performance, is now a steady recovery in product prices, which continue to be seen in the second half of the year.
In the long run, the company’s mdi production was able to expand through technology, phase two petrochemical projects were well under way, fine chemicals and new material series were released, three operations went hand in hand, and future performance growth was assured, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The average price of tdi was $10645 per ton (23.9%), while the price of petrochemical products was reduced by 34.94% for a series of petrochemical products, while the trade volume of low Maori was more than 200% higher than the decline in revenue.
A series of fine chemicals and new materials continued to be released with 225,000 tons (27.9 per cent), resulting in a surcharge of $3.20 billion (-1.3 per cent) and a decrease of 6.86 percentage points to 19.38 per cent in the Māori rate. Polyurethane and petrochemical products recovered steadily and continued to rise in the second half of the year: epidemics and low oil prices, among other things.
Impact: PUR prices kept running low in the first half of the year, petrochemicals continued to fall, domestic epidemics were effectively controlled after the second quarter, macroeconomic recovery was gradual, PUR and petrochemical products prices were built up, bottom rebounded after June, and the company’s mdi registered prices went up month after June.
With 33 per cent rise in the former tdi, 21 per cent increase in the polymdi, 6 per cent increase in the pure mdi, and the majority of petrochemical products, the current multi-mdi devices are in a state of repair and force majeure, short-term supply will be tight, downstream domestic demand will gradually recover, overseas demand will improve as the epidemic improves and oligarchic supply will be added to the order of supply.
Here, the price of supporting mdi continues to rise; tdi, Germany, has a 300,000-ton repair forecast and a 160,000-ton shutdown in the US Bassov, coupled with improved downstream demand, and tdi is expected to continue to rebound. With regard to petrochemical products, international oil prices have recovered to over $40 per barrel, sustaining costs.
The price of petrochemical products will continue to warm back in the second half of the year, as a result of the low industrial stock and long periods of low-price operations. Reverse expansion has begun with three major plates: the company’s construction work ended at $32,670 million, compared to the previous year’s.
In the case of polyurethane, the company ' s technological expansion could expand its production capacity to 2.6 million tonnes/year, with an increase of more than 40 per cent, with a further 400,000 tons of mdi production capacity to be added to the Buefu base.
In the case of petrochemicals, the company ' s ethylene ethylene project consists mainly of a million tons of ethylene fissure decomposing devices, which will be placed on stage one of the base c2 industrial chains and will be operational in the second half of the year.
In addition to the simultaneous reverse expansion of ammonia products, enhancing synergies between industrial chains and increasing market competitiveness, the company continues to develop and expand downstream, high-value-added chemical and new material products, and continues to produce products such as water paints, pc, synthetic spices, nylon-12, which form three major industries.
This report is prepared by Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.