Events: company reports released in the first half of 2020, generating business income of 30.907 billion during the reporting period
In 2020, the company had a low performance in the first quarter (with a net profit of $1,062 million not attributable to the mother), and a better quarterly round (with a net profit of $1,427 million not attributable to the mother), in line with our assessment of the 26 April edition of the report, “Behind the wind, domestic demand versus needs, medium- and long-term”.
The impact of the domestic epidemic, the collapse of international oil prices, the fall in the price of polyurethane and petrochemical products, and the contraction of aggregate equity/flow (million shares) demand have led to a decline in corporate performance.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) State fiscal and monetary policy effects, some recovery in market demand and product prices and 12 months of maximum/minimum (million yuan)
Control, economy and demand will gradually recover, and corporate performance will continue to improve.
In terms of sales: sales of polyurethane and petrochemical production have declined, trade in lpg and sales of fine chemicals and new materials have increased.
Chemical Quarterly Review: Against the wind, domestic demand for punch boxes, freezers, cars, etc. has the same downside effect; petrochemical products produce 8.45 million tons, compared to Mandarin Chemical (60309).
Add; sales of fine chemicals and new materials amounting to 249.3 million tons and 22.460 million tons, respectively, chemical annual reports: short-term or rewinding pressure for profit, calculated as net mdi, polymer mdi, tdi market average price for the first half of the year, $146.01, respectively
Since the price of raw materials declined less than the price of the product, the price differential was significantly reduced, with net mdi, polymermdi, tdi price differentials of $8350 per ton, $6082 per ton, monthly increase of $500 per ton) in the first half of the year, and the gradual recovery of downstream demand from another perspective.
2 million tons of ethylene project q4 in 2020, with 1.2 million tons on the agenda in two issues The company is building a million tons of ethylene project, with a total investment of 16.8 billion yuan into the c2 industry chain, the first one to be completed in the Eastern Province of Hills, scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2020
The project covers 2,400 acres, and its main products include 1 million tons of ethylene, its advantages and implications: (1) addressing the bottlenecks of mdi, tdi by-product hydrochloric acid (2) addressing the feedstock problems of ethylene oxide (3) making full use of existing feedstock advantages (4) making full use of the present.
With public works (5) benefiting from the mature global lpg trading system and accompanying facilities, the company “ethylene plant material propane” is sufficient, convenient and easy to acquire, and the company's lpg trade experience is significant (6) We believe that it is best for itself to choose the raw material for ethylene cracking.
At the same time, on December 23, 2019, the first E.C.E. II project was launched. The project was based on scerebral oils and mixed butanes, with 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission.
Devices for the production of aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons and downstream products include, inter alia, ethylene fission, fission gasoline plus hydrogen, aromatic aromatic pumping, butadiene, high-density polyethylene, low-density polyethylene, polyolefin plastics/elastics, polypropylene, and accompanying public engineering and auxiliary production facilities.
Total investment in the 1.2 billion tonnes Ethylene II project is approximately $20 billion, net profit center is $4 billion 3. Self-made, company into a new cycle of strong capital spending, whole-of-industry development. Since 2016, cash flow expenditure on corporate investment activities has increased significantly, showing company entry.
A new round of capital expansion. From 2016 to 2019, major company projects were completed with investments in TCM II, DPT 480,000, TIP 200,000, lemon formaldehyde, fragrance (synthetic fragrance integration) (synthetic fragrance integration project has been closed), adi, NYL 40,000,
Many new projects, such as the tons of lithium battery trinity project, the Manchuria Industrial Park, the large-scale integrated circuit flattening of key materials (cmppad+slurry) project. Despite recent exposures to polyurethane, petrochemicals, and the epidemic, the company industry
But the new investment projects are largely based on their advantages, and a number of devices are based on their own technology, covering China’s regions of China, China, China, South China, South West and Europe, building up and down the chain of integrated recycling, continuing to do large-scale polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials.
In terms of the company's long-term investment returns, Roe remains at about 20%, 4. Profit predictions and ratings, self-made blood, core competitiveness, and the recent delivery of a million tons of ethylene projects will help GW.
The Department's profit center went to the new steps and maintained its “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.