q2 has improved the ring, and the Plural Development Support Corporation has launched a new chapter on Quantico Chemical (600309.sh) 20th of August 2020.
• Corporate performance has passed, long-term trends have continued to improve, maintaining a “buy-in” rating that is influenced by the new crown epidemic and the sharp fall in crude oil prices, among other things, and lower sales of corporate products, and lower prices of major commodities such as mdi, are the main factors affecting company performance. With the easing of the epidemic, downstream demand is warming.
• The company’s three major business portfolios have improved significantly, and the lead product mdi, tdi patterns continue to improve significantly, with the q2 portfolio’s output having increased by 5.9% from the parent net profit ring.
Data for q2 polyurethane, petrochemicals, new materials production ratios of 104.13 per cent, 385.22 per cent and 102.80 per cent, with significant improvement over q1, especially since sales in the first half of new materials operations have increased by 27.9 per cent in the same year; sales of q2 petrochemicals and new materials plates have fallen by 24.0 per cent, 9.3 per cent and polyurethane plates respectively.
The sales price increased by 3.7% on average block sales, and the sales average ring ratio declined significantly because sales included the volume of lpg trade. Recently, several mdi/tdi devices overseas announced force majeure, and according to the Hoshikawa moor data, the market prices for polymer mdi and tdi have increased by 20% and 37%, respectively, compared to the market at the end of July.
The mdi/tdi industry continues to improve with the arrival of the Golden 9x10 season. The new materials business continues to grow, the diversity of the chemical support giants is on the new steps. The Ethylene project is expected to come into operation in September, and the Van Huafujia Industrial Park has been officially opened; in addition, under the project, it has been filed.
The company's first report - polyurethane, petrochemicals and new material plates combined to build a global giant. The tons biodegradation polyester project, which will build 1.5 to 20,000 tons of polish fluid and 600,000 pieces of polish mats at the smoke stations, will be implemented.
We believe that the company's strategy to expand into new material fields is important in order to expand the long-term growth of the company, and that the development of diversity will help the chemical giants to take a new step and open a new chapter.