The price of the main product rises, the performance of the help company flew - the report of the wanhua Chemical (600309) incident: the announcement issued by the company on the evening of 28 July 2020 that, in accordance with the annual renovation plan, my son-in-law,
The Hungarian Bosted Chemical Company (borsodchemzrt.) mdi device (300 000 tonnes/year), the tdi device (250 000/year) will begin on August 8, 2020 with a scheduled 40-day overhaul, which is scheduled to be carried out on a routine basis in accordance with the annual plan.
Continuous repair of the demand-resuscitation superstructure and significant improvement in the supply and demand structure of the mdi: from the supply point of view, the recent renovation plan has continued, with the company ' s announcement of 28 July 2020 that its subsidiary, the Humboldt Liebist Chemical Company, mdi, and the tdi plant will be suspended from production on 8 August, and it is expected that it will be completed on 8 August.
A 40-day overhaul of the mdi and tdi devices of the Manchurian Pyrotechnic Industrial Park began 45 days of suspension from 1 July. These two inspections were cumulatively related to the mdi devices.
900,000 tonnes/year, plus the cosmopolitans in August, will also be refurbished, and Bastov and Hensmi have no apparent supply news, and the mdi supply has suffered a short-term decline in capacity of about 100,000 tonnes; and demand, as the domestic epidemic subsides, the mdi needs are warming.
The price of the mainstream manufacturer mdi has risen, the new price of the smoke station Man-Wah-Hung-Hung-Hung-hung-Hu is $15,500 per ton in August, and the prices of Shanghai Bassf, Shanghai Koth, Shanghai Hen-Hen-Mae, respectively, so we think that the mdi industry has passed a low cycle, with the sales of Kim-Kud in the second half of the year.
The industry’s outlook will continue to rise, with di markets also recovering: looking back at past history, the pattern of the tdi market is relatively poor compared to the mdi market, although it is also a species with high technical barriers to production, as far back as the 1990’s.
As the epidemic continues to increase, the industry is reshuffling cards and costs.
(600309) Three-quarterly reviews _aaa_three-quarterly reports are consistent with the accelerated exit from the market of high and small-scale backward production, with the leading city rising year by year, and it is expected that with the launch of the project in 2021, Huanhua will have 610,000 tonnes of capacity per year and become a successor to the Bass.
The fact that the three companies will be able to produce the world's production capacity (600309) in the semi-annual review report _aaa_ also supports the logic of improving the industry's climate, as compared to April, when the market price of the tdi market averages.
Risk factors: Increased risk of an epidemic in the country and the risk of poor sales.