Mocvd drags corporate revenue and looks forward to long-term development prospects The company issues performance forecasts that the parent ' s net profit is expected to be $440-52 million in 2020, a year-on-year increase The parent ' s net profit has increased significantly but has declined since then.
The revenue from corrosion equipment increased significantly in 2020, with middle-core international equities generating a fair value change gain of about $262 million, and company equity incentives in 2020 generating a recurrent gain or gain of about $119 million.
Business structure optimization, mocvd revenue decline, and revenue from corrosion equipment rises. In 2020, company revenues increased by about 16.8% over the same period, with revenue from corrosion equipment increasing by about 58.5%, but mocvd equipment is being phased out in high-intensity R & D and long-term layouts.
Equipment development is well under way, such as "ccp etching equipment for advanced logical circuits (for less than 7 nm), " 14-7 nanomicp medium etching and industrialization (dual/four-weight graphics, template etching, wall etching, minus etching etc.).
In the case of the distribution of shares amounted to not more than 10 billion yuan, which was used for the construction of micro-industrial bases (3.17 billion yuan in Hong Kong + Nanchang), the central headquarters and research and development centre in Hong Kong (3.75 billion yuan) and the science and technology reserve (3.08 billion yuan) in order to increase production capacity, enrich the company ' s product lines and increase the intensity of research and development.
It is one of the core processes in ic manufacturing, with an investment ratio of about 20% in ic-procedure equipment.
Labels, in 40-28nm production lines, metal etching processes are still monopolized by the United States company Lam, with low rates of domestic production of silicon base etchings and media etchings, and 10-30% of processes like deep ditches, hard masks, etc. are entirely dependent on American companies, which rely on Chinese and North China for national production replacements.
In combination with company performance reports, and the company’s market occupancy rate on the home-grown mainstream crystalline, I am 100 million yuan, which I maintain, taking into account the company’s irp etching, measuring, cmp, cvd, etc.
The high industry climate has led to an oversupply of equipment parts and components; industrialization of icp has progressed less than expected, media, Chinese Insignia: ccp/icp etching product research and development has been fully rolled out, and the rate of erosion in the city has increased less than expected.
High-end corrosion, high-intensity research and development such as cvd, long-term.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations