Reported rating 2020: non-recurring profit-and-loss-driven performance supermarket, Jubabe, 31/03/2021
▪ Non-recurring gains and losses drive the 2020 performance supermarket expectations, with semiconductor etching equipment high-speed companies growing steadily in 2020 with the parent net profit of the year equal to +161 per cent, mainly due to: (1) the mid-core plan generates shares of about $124 million, which were not incurred in 2019.
The impact of the share payment costs, the company ' s net profit from non-return to the mother in 2020 was $147 million, compared to 2019, (1) special-purpose equipment: revenues from exclusive equipment operations in 2020 totalled $1,799 million, compared with 13%, receipts were 79%, and Māori was 37.32%.
The figure is $1,289 million, or +58 per cent, mainly due to the continued upswing in the semiconductor equipment industry and the growing competitiveness of the company ' s products; the mocvd equipment revenue was $496 million, or 34 per cent, and the main annual spare parts income was $442 million, or +31 per cent, and the Māori rate was 37.64 per cent.
▪ Māori rates have grown steadily and non-recurring gains and losses have led to a significant increase in net interest rates ▪ technology-driven enterprises have continued to strengthen R&D inputs, with a small increase in the cost over the period 31.4 per cent for the company in 2020, compared to 3.7 pct. Sales costs were 10.4 per cent.
Reported steady growth, high R & D costs, high R & D input holdings, including share payments of $ 49 million, R & D investments in 2020 (R & D) (688012): h1 if the impact of share payments is excluded
590 million yuan, corresponding to +39 per cent, mainly ccp and icp corrosion equipment for the development of storage, high performance growth, and an increase in the number of new high-output mocvd devices, micro-led applications for the rapid development of mini-led mass production.
Exhibition 2020-08-30 mocvd equipment, etc. 3, China Insignia (688012): Performance
A steady increase, with semiconductor equipment in line with national production 38.7 per cent of the total workforce, an average remuneration of $550,000 per year for research and development personnel, a marked increase in the company's “doctor + master” advance payments and an expected sufficient number of hand-held orders to support short-term performance growth
The proposed increase of $10 billion for the upgrading of productive capacity and R & D capacity, of which $3.17 billion was for the construction of a micro-industrial base, $3.75 billion for the headquarters of the Centre and $3.75 billion for the Hong Kong headquarters.
R & D centre project, $3.08 billion for science and technology reserve funds. (1) In terms of specific projects, the micro-industrial base construction project, the company plans to build new production bases in the new areas of Hong Kong, Shanghai, as well as in the new high areas of the city of Nanchang, to expand the production line capacity of integrated circuit equipment and the products of the general semiconductor equipment; (2) the production line capacity of medium-sized micro-enterprises.
The HQ and RDC projects will meet the research and development needs of companies for integrated circuit equipment, general semiconductor equipment, key components, etc., and are planned to invest $2,572 million in new product development.
(1) ccp etching equipment: 1ud-rie etching equipment (mainly used for 3dnand with a very deep width of ccp etching on 128 floors and above); 2sd-rie etching equipment (principally used for 14 nm and below logic devices)
(2)icp etching equipment: the next generation of single reactor icp etching equipment nanova+ (mainly for logical chips 7 nm and below, 17 nm and below, and 3dnand storage chips for dram chips and 128 layers and above); the next two generation of double reactor icp etching equipment twin-star+ (mainly for 14 nm and above)
(a) The corrosion of a chip or dram chip at a comparable technical node, the non-critical process of a chip, such as a finfet, in a fraction of 14 nm, and a 3dnand-storage chip up to and including 64 floors; and the engraving of the 3ale atomic layer and the production of equipment (mainly used for the corrosion of high-precision logic chips, such as gaa structures, nanostructures, etc., in 3 nm and below);
(3) Mocvd equipment: Technical development of extension equipment, mainly sic material, is an extension of the ipo project. 1 Outward material, ipo project is gent material, and this is added to sic material; 2 lined material, ipo project is silic lining, and this is increased to sic liner.
The semiconductor equipment industry is technologically and financially intensive. According to the financial year 2020 report announced by overseas companies, more than $2.2 billion was spent on research and development of applied materials in 2020 and $1.2 billion per year on research and development of pan forest semiconductors.
An effective expansion of the company’s production capacity, solid R & D capabilities, and increased business performance and profitability. Advanced cutting equipment is becoming more important, and companies are expected to benefit fully from higher national production rates.
The highest volume of crystal circle manufacturing equipment. Current corrosion equipment (including cleaning equipment), thin film sedimentation and photocalculations are not expected to account for 29%, 22% and 21% of the value of transcrystal manufacturing equipment. As the semiconductor process progresses, the width of the wire is shrinking, the chip structure is 3d, the current immersion light engraved machine is limited by light wavelength, and 14 nm and the following logical chips are required to connect.
A combination of processes of plasma etching and thin film deposition - multiple template processes to achieve light etching, advanced etching, and an increase in the size of the equipment market are expected. Subconductor equipment is still low at the national production rate, with the etching equipment market still in the pan forest semiconductor, Tokyo Electronics, etc.
A few large overseas players, such as the Applied Materials, account for a major share. According to a letter of response from Sino-Mine from its announcement of 1 February 2021, the purchase of semiconductor equipment orders from three Fab plants that have recently been the subject of public tenders is estimated at 19.6% and 15.6% for corrosion equipment and cmp equipment, and at 1.5% and 2.0% for cvd equipment and measuring equipment.
As a domestic front-runner for corrosion equipment that has entered the international 5nm integrated circuit line, a national producer of equipment with an advanced technology level of 5 nm, with a premium value for the tap and an “uptake” rating, is expected to be fully covered by the GLCD supply chain in the national production alternative context.
The mill is not as functioning as expected, and the new product is not being developed as expected.