On October 26, 2020, a high level of R & D investment was maintained and alternative prospects for national production were high.
The company issued its third quarter report for 2020, which combined revenue of 863 million yuan, an increase of 61.56 per cent over the previous three quarters, and realized a net profit of 207 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 72.66 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Income for the third quarter alone increased by 66.7 per cent over the same period, net return to mothers increased by 102 million over the same period, resulting in a significant increase in performance in the third quarter and a continuous increase in downstream demand The market value of liquidity (million yuan):
Corporate performance is within the forecast and meets expectations. The significant increase in corporate performance in the third quarter is due mainly to the company’s active expansion, increased product sales, and corresponding growth in business income.
By the end of September, the country had built a cumulative 5g base station of 690,000, set targets early in the year.
The effect is also evident, with a further increase in mobile penetration of 5g and continued growth in auto electrons, downstream demand will continue to rise. Simulation of the chip tap, with alternative prospects for national production.
Simulation chip applications are widespread, and almost all electronic systems need simulation chip. According to icinsights, the simulation chip market is 49.4 billion dollars in 2016 and is expected to reach 86.1 billion dollars in 2023.
In the United States dollar, with a compound growth rate of 8.3 per cent, the top 10 suppliers of global simulation chips monopolize more than 50 per cent of the market share, with a domestic self-sufficiency rate of only about 1 per cent, which means that the domestic model chip industry has a wide range of development space.
In the context of sanctions, downstream domestic firms have a pressing interest in choosing their own suppliers, which also offers historic opportunities for domestic firms to develop.
Lead companies, more comprehensive and more diverse product layouts will provide more opportunities for the company to develop.
One of the key indicators for measuring the competitiveness of simulated chip enterprises is product coverage and variety, and companies insist on maintaining a high level of R & D input, with R & D investment of $150 million over three quarters, with a revenue ratio of more than 17%. Companies now have more than 1,500 products in 16 major categories, covering signal chains and power sources.
Two major areas of governance, product volumes and product coverage, far ahead of other businesses on the continent. With rapid downstream developments in consumer electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobiles, etc., there is still much room for growth in corporate performance.
1) Client outreach has fallen short of expectations; 2) national production substitution process has fallen short of expectations; 3) product development and development has fallen short of expectations. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to consult on portfolio investment have produced the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.