Congregation (300661: product upgrading continues to increase Māori rates, and the acquisition of São Paulo shares will not be changed in the long term.
The company is a high-tech firm that specializes in high-performance simulation of integrated circuit cores, the design and marketing of tablets, the product coverage signal, net profit is $207 million, yoy+72.66 per cent; the Māori rate is 50.88 per cent, yoy+3.34 ptt.
Chain and power management two main areas, including calculation magnification 397 million yuan, yoy+66.70 per cent, qoq+45.70 per cent of the company's operating income for the third quarter; regressors, comparisons, audio/video amplifiers, analogue switches
It can be widely used in consumer-type electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, medical instruments, car electronics, and new electronic products such as apparel devices, smart homes, etc.
The company’s multi-year Māori rate has been rising, and the Māori rate has been rising since the first quarter of 2020. Of this, three seasons of single-season gross have been marked, and the contribution of Māori at high unit prices has been validated, further moving towards high-end integrated circuit simulations.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: Development, leading to a 2.15 pcc increase in the Māori rate for three quarters of the year and a 71.92% increase in profits for the same period.
On October 13, the company stopped issuing shares and paying cash to purchase 71.3% of the shares held in the Shanghai semiconductor. In our view, the company is not going to change the long-term growth logic.
The long-term growth logic is that high revenue profits from product upgrading and customer upgrading, and the termination of purchases, do not have any impact on the company’s long-term growth logic. And the company’s goal is to strengthen the company’s layout of microchip simulations at the low end of the chip, and we, the low end, have a large number of participants.
The São Paulo government believes that there will be a more suitable purchase price to complete the arrangement. 129x, 86x, and 66x, respectively, maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the Liu Hui Shae
Mr. Lee Mei-hyun, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2019.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained.
The conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not relevant to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.
The copyright for this report is reserved only for my company, without writing and without reference, deletion or amendment to the report.