On October 29, 2020: On October 27, 2020, the Crown Shares issued a three-monthly report for 2020. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of $863 million, an increase of 61.56 per cent.
São Paulo shares (300661.sz) achieve a net profit on maternity by 207 million yuan, an increase of 72.66 per cent in the same year, and a net profit on non-repatriation by 204 million yuan, an increase of 78.43 per cent in the same year. Of this, in the first quarter of 2020, the company earned 397 million yuan, an increase of 66.70 per cent in the same year and 45.70 per cent in the ring; a net profit on maternity by 102 million yuan, an increase of 71.92 per cent in the same year and 38.07 per cent in the ring;
The company’s three-quarterly report meets expectations, and mobile sales affect Māori performance. In 2020, the company achieved $397 million in the first quarter of q3, an increase of 66.7 per cent over the same period. The public sector’s q2 was affected by the epidemic, which slowed down slightly (youy+48.48 per cent), and access to q3 was accompanied by a marginal improvement in the impact of the global epidemic, a resurgence of downstream demand, and a return to a high-growth backbone.
With respect to the Māori rate, the company ' s q3 Māori rate was 49.52% in 2020, a decline of 3.94 percentage points in the ring ratio. We believe that the main reason for this is that the second half of the year was the traditional season of consumption of electronics, where mobile cellular power chip operations have been very aggressive, but the low Māori rate of related products has affected, to some extent, the performance of the company ' s Māori ratio as a whole. On the cost, the company ' s costs have been stable over the three quarters, with only a slight increase in the financial costs due to the impact of the exchange rate, but combined costs have fallen due to the high rate of revenue growth in the second half of the year.
22.78 per cent. As a result, net corporate gains were driven by the company ' s net return of $102 million in the first quarter of q3 in 2020, an increase of 71.92 per cent over the previous quarter, high downstream demand, and a sustained four-quarter roll-out of the company ' s performance. The market is now more concerned about the sustainability of mobile phone demand, owing to political factors. \triangleright, however.
Li Xiaoqing, according to the industrial chain research, has learned that the demand for semiconductor downstream markets is now very high. Three of them added a bill to the Odm factory in July, which boosts the company’s performance.
In addition, downstream markets such as electricity, engineering, medical care, etc. are on the rise, the impact of the epidemic is dissipating, the industry is on the right track, and supply chains are on the right track until next year’s q1. Stopping buying assets does not affect the company’s long-term development logic.
The company’s stock price performance was also affected, with the closing down of 16.46% on October 27th. As a simulation chip company that has been plowing for years in the field of iot and consumer electronics, Xiaotai has performed well over the past few years, earning $258 million in 2019 and a net profit of $8.54 million, which is a 100% increase in the volume of Sunda securities.
And above. We believe that the company's termination of the acquisition has had some impact on the performance of the table in the short term; but in the long run, it has to go back to the company's own growth.
We believe that São Paulo shares, as a domestic simulation chip leader, have developed autonomously over 1400 products, covering more than 10 product categories, which are growing annually at a rate of two or three hundred dollars, and that the accumulation of research and development inputs over the years will gradually release energy. The company’s downstream market is wide enough, its customers are growing, and the platform has a significant impact.
At the same time, companies are actively developing new downstream markets, such as base station power, high-precision adc for industrial instruments, industrial digital power sources, etc., to accelerate their performance growth in the future. Investment advice: São Paulo shares are home-grown microchip champions, companies have large downstream markets, and they insist on high R & D inputs to widen the moat.
Downstream market demand continues to flourish, company products and customers expand well, and short-term performance is released. In the long run, the market space in the company’s simulating chip industry is wide, and the build-up of corporate R & D inputs over the years will gradually release energy and further open up growth space.
Figure 1: Performance of São Paulo shares and profits, Figure 2: Performance of São Paulo shares and Performance of São Paulo shares, Figure 3: Cost during São Paulo shares
Figure 4: São Paulo share R & D costs (millions of yuan) Figure 5: São Paulo share collections and operating cash flows (billions) Figure 6: São Paulo share net profits and operating net cash flows (billions)
Figure 7: Stock holdings in São Paulo (millions of dollars) Figure 8: accounts receivable for São Paulo shares (millions of dollars)
3rd place in the new wealth electronics sector in 19; 2rd place in the electronics sector in the Crystalballs in 18/19; and 3nd place in the electronics sector in the Golden Bull Award in 18/19. Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined the south-west securities in 2018, joined the Sinda securities in 2020, and worked in the electronics sector. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda securities in 2020 and worked in the electronics sector.
This report has been produced and published by the China Securities Commission. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers, and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.