High performance innovation, national production simulations of a large lead-in-c growth space 27 October 2020 Public announcement: company reports issued in the third quarter of 2020 and corporate operating income in the first three quarters of 2020
863 million yuan, representing an increase of 6156 per cent in the same year and 207 million yuan in the net return to the mother, representing an increase of 72.66 per cent in the same year. q3 ' s operating income in 2020 was 397 million yuan, an increase of 66.70 per cent in the same year and 10.2 million yuan in the net profit to the mother, an increase of 71.92 per cent in the same year.
▪ The modelic business expanded well and performed at an all-time high: the company ' s net return profit grew by 72.66 per cent in the first three quarters of 2020, and the q3 net return profit grew by 71.92 per cent in 2020, close to the previous performance forecast ceiling, with an all-time high.
In 2020, the q3 Māori rate was 25.53% net interest rate, an increase of 0.63 percentage points in comparison, and the efficiency and profitability of the company’s operations were steadily improving. Companies continued to invest in high-precision, low-performance time-series controls.
Research and development of new products such as chips, micro-power consumption load switches, optimizing product structure. q3 researched the advantages of the analogue ic class in 2020. Application and customer outreach progressed well: companies are rich in high-performance, high-quality mimicry and currently provide more than 1,400 analogues in 16 major categories.
Products, which meet the diverse needs of different customers, are widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, telecommunications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobile electronics, and have a strong product class advantage. Based on traditional applications, companies efficiently promote the transformation of modelic research and development results, following the market.
Demand for product upgrades and new product volumes, with over 100 signal chains and new power management completed, São Paulo shares (300661): simulations of c product expansion with record performance
The market share continues to rise, as new scenes such as the Internet of things and the wearing of equipment continue to grow.
The advantages of the technique are evident in the fact that the products in question are directed by end-users such as Huaihu, beautiful, Grigori, and Haekangway, and the Holy State shares (300661), which are expected to benefit fully from the continued increase in the demand for analogic from various applications.
Longer, two-wheel-drive, National Production Substituted Lead Starters 2020-02-29: Wide demand for beneficial applications and national production replacement process advanced, with wide scope for company growth: simulationic
The product is common, has long life cycles, has fragmented applications, has a wide range of downstream demands, and public 3, St. State Shares (300661: the Division of Performance has a diverse product strategy that effectively responds to cyclical fluctuations in the mimic market.
High-speed growth, simulating chip taps, corporate dominance in power management and home-grown chain chip supply chains, part of the product range 2019-08-16.
With comprehensive performance indicators at the advanced level of international products of the same kind, it is hoped that they will take the lead in benefiting from the national production replacement process of the simulation. There is much room for growth in the future.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board