2024h1 has seen a significant increase in profits and has benefited fully from electrolytic aluminium — an incident evaluation report by China's aluminium industry (60160.sh) — the Chinese aluminium industry released its semi-annual report for 2024: business in the first half of 2024.
The main reason why the business income of the company in the first half of 2024 was lower than in the same period last year was that 2024h1 produced 10.27 million tons of aluminium oxide.
+158% of the same year, of which 8.2 million tonnes of aluminium oxide were produced in metallurgical grade, i.e. 0.36% of the same year, 2.07 million tonnes of aluminium fine oxide, i.e. + 10.11% of the same year, 31.9 million tonnes of aluminium oxide outlet in metallurgical grade, i.e. - 7% of the same year; and the original aluminium (i.e., aluminium inluminium) was achieved
Gold production of 3.63 million tons, corresponding to +18.63 per cent, home-grown aluminium (including alloys) sales of 3.59 million tons, corresponding to +17.32 per cent; coal production of 6.38 million tons, compared to the same price, with an average price of 19781 for a00 aluminium in the Chinese Changjiang market of 2024h1
/tonne, +6.99% of the same year, 2024h1 Chinese Aluminium Oxide at an average price of 3505 yuan cash flow sufficient, medium-term red return shareholder 1, Chinese Aluminium Industry (601,600): Benefited
The debt rate was 49.97 per cent, falling to less than 50 per cent for the first time in a decade, with more significant results in terms of asset quality, a significant increase in profits achieved in 2023, a sharp increase in performance, and an integration of the aluminium industry.
In the first half of 2024, the company's combined statements were attributed to listed companies, optimized the industrial chain layout, 3 rounds of 420,000 tons electrolysis in Inner Mongolia Yun, and in the first half of 2024, the company's access to bauxite resources, both inside and outside the country, took a new step.
In a series of developments, priority projects, such as 2 million tons of aluminium oxide in Guangxihua, 3 420,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in Inner Mongolia Clouds, 500,000 000 000 000 600ka of electrolytic aluminium in Qinghai Branch, and 1,200mw new energy in Dharma, were carried out in an orderly manner.
In the future, the company will continue to optimize the structure of the industry. 1) Bauxite: The company will continue its work on the construction of the boffa mining site in Guinea.
(b) Aluminium oxide will be optimized to facilitate the transfer of aluminium oxide production to coastal areas;
The start-up of the scheduled commissioning started a smooth operation, and the Qinghai branch was working to achieve the early commissioning of the 600ka electrolytic aluminium project and the acceleration of the production of the aluminum alloying and regenerative aluminum alloying project in the aluminium processing sector.
Given the company's role as a leader in the country's aluminium industry, it is expected that it will continue to benefit from higher prices of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide, maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) Policy production-limit risk; 2) risk of falling prices for major products; 3) raw materials and
Risks of energy price volatility; 4) Risks of new projects coming into operation at a slower pace than expected: New Materials Group presentation, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Tofui: Member of the Carbon Middle Council, Bachelor of Science from the University of Nakayama, Master of Science from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, in charge of color research and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.