The volume of aluminium products has risen, the q2 product has increased significantly, the volume of aluminium products has increased substantially, and the q2 has increased significantly. 2q24 has achieved self-generated metallurgical-grade oxygen.
1. China Aluminium Industry: Three Phases of Production in Hua Yun: 1.69 million tonnes, Ring + 13%, Fine Oxygen Production 1.8 million tonnes, Ring Litsi, 2024.4.26
Compared to +9 per cent, sales of home-grown aluminium were 183,000 tons, ring + 4 per cent, and major aluminium products were on average. 2. China Aluminium Corporation: significant decline in impairments and more dynamic performance growth. 3. China Aluminium Industry Company: significant growth in performance, green transition one.
By contrast, in the context of the rise in the prices of aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium, the company's performance was equal, with a significant increase in the ring ratio. The increase in the production of electrolytic aluminium was mainly due to three periods since May.
By the end of June 2024, the volume was even stronger. The decline in the asset-liability ratio was mainly due to the company’s use of the money generated by its operations.
Improved cash-flow ratios for operating activities and medium-term returns to shareholders. 2q24 net operating cash flows of $9,971 million, ring + 178.68 per cent. In corporate performance and cash
In the context of the continuous improvement in the flow, the company intends to implement its first medium-term bonus to shareholders and to distribute the dividends to all shareholders at a rate of 0.82 yuan per 10 RMB, including taxes, for a total interest of $1,407 million, about which is the sum of the company's consolidated financial statements for the first half of 2024.
As the electrolysis aluminum industry progresses towards a red line of production capacity, domestic production is expected to increase at a steep rate after 25 years, while the demand side benefits from robust growth in applications such as new energy vehicles and photovoltaics.
The supply and demand gap in the electrolytic aluminium chain has gradually widened, and it is expected that the industry’s profitability stability will be enhanced by a gradual shift in the valuation system from smelting to upstream resource pricing. Aluminium prices have fallen sharply, new production capacity has not come into operation as expected, and production costs have risen significantly.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market