Shanxi shanxixinghuacunfenfinfefactory (60809ch) 2023 Mid-term Performance Review: qinghuaseriesgrewlapidlyandperformanceworlddemonstrateresilience
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
Incidents. 23H1 achieved operating income of 19.1 billion yuan, an increase of 24.0 per cent for the same year; net profit of 6.77 billion yuan, an increase of 35.0 per cent for the same year; net profit of 6.76 billion yuan for non-return to the mother, a net profit of 1.95 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 49.6 per cent for the same year; net profit of 1.95 billion for non-return to the mother
The size of the flowers has increased, and the number of people in the provinces and beyond has grown. Structural break-ups have led to a 140.0/489 billion in revenues for the high-priced white/other alcohol industry.
73.6 per cent/25.7 per cent of the revenue of the Saffron series is over 45 per cent; the price of white wine/local municipalities is high in 23q2. During the reporting period, the number of controlled terminals at the company level rose from 80,000 to 1.2 million at the end of 22 years to an average of between 27.6 per cent and 1.66 million yuan per household for individual distributors.
A small drop in the albino power rate and a narrow bill to boost profits. 23h1/23q2 gross interest rate equal to +0.4 pct/-0.6 pct to 76.3/77.8%, benefiting from public demand and feasts The scene is warm, the demand for the albino product 20/25, the demand for consumption continues to improve, and the company continues to grow.
A steady push for the development of the Qingixiang consumer group and the acceleration of pre-proprietary exports is expected to continue to be dominated by controls, a major increase in the contribution of the Saffron series throughout the year, and a consistent trend towards structural upgrading. 23h1 corporate taxes and additional sales per cent/sales/management costs are expected to be the same.
On balance, brands are stable, medium-sized, and over-achieving the guidelines. The company, as a white and white gin dragon, is able to keep the brand up and lead the country's “the era of Qing and Qing” development.
The cost recovery has been gradual, the division of the industry has increased, and companies have actively seized the market for the feasts and the opportunities for public consumption, relying on strong branding and channel control to achieve a steady increase in the city’s share. For the company’s internal staff changes have now stabilized, and marketing has become more efficient.
In the short term, the firm performance base of the company has been laid down in the first half of the year, the year-round collection targets are expected to be exceeded, and the performance is certain to be ahead of the industry. Value, given the high-end nature of the company’s products and the clear goal of nationalizing its channels, is given to the company.
Chen Yi Ye susiechen smelled great