The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is listed according to the fourth criterion.
The company is the leading global provider of orbital traffic control system solutions, providing an industry-wide integration service for the orbital traffic control system. By the end of 2018, the demand for a national orbital transit control system has grown robustly, and the demand for high iron upgrades will increase significantly.
It is planned to create about 44,000 kilometres of new mileage growth in railways between 2019 and 2025, of which about 0.9 million kilometres of new high-speed railways are to be built. The cost of new high-iron and flat-line control systems is about 3.5 million yuan/km and 1.5 million km/km, and the size of the new market is about 84 billion yuan, an average of 12 billion yuan/year.
The new cycle will normally be about 10 years, with a peak renewal cycle beginning in 2019, with a price of over $2.5 million per kilometre and a projected demand for high-iron upgrading and upgrading markets of 47.9 billion over the period 2019-2025.
Guarantee operations grew faster. In 2018, the urban track control system received $9.41 billion (+29.9 per cent) in operations, which were negatively affected and contributed relatively low to profits, and was concerned about the follow-up development of corporate engineering contracting.
The division is also in a steady development phase, with a larger number of companies that can use a pe valuation. In 2019 it was 21 times more than the number of companies on average, and 17.7% combined with the company’s net profit in 2019-2021, with risks such as refunds, project exits, etc.: investment projects and production progress or expected risks.
(1) Orbital traffic control system: The company ' s winning value has been rising steadily in recent years, with new contracts in 2016-2018 amounting to $29.1 billion, $31.3 billion and $38.1 billion, respectively, representing 1.2 times, 1.2 times and 1.3 times the amount collected during the same period. The rate of increase in the operation of the orbital traffic control system has been 15 per cent for each of the new contracts, while the Maori rate has remained unchanged at 27 per cent.
The company is the leading global provider of orbital traffic control system solutions that can provide customers with orbital traffic control systems, integrated whole-of-industry chain services, with a share of over 60 per cent in high-iron systems, 40 per cent in urban orbital systems, and an absolute leader in orbital control systems, fully benefiting from the need for new orbital traffic routes and for the upgrading of control systems.
1) Investments in fixed assets in railways are higher than expected; 2) investments in fixed assets on the urban track are higher than expected; 3) the winner of the new heavy-duty company core business is the orbital traffic control system, which is in a more mature field, and the company is in a more robust stage of development, and can be valued using pe than the company itself.
The lowest valuation was 16 times the maximum, 27 times the average, 21 times the average, and the investment of fixed assets in combination with the company ' s 2019-2021 net return profit was not as high as the expected risk; the policies, revenues and returns for projects such as bt, bot, and the risk of project withdrawal: the build-up of the fund-raising project and the pace of delivery or the expected risk of non-achievement.
The company is the world’s leading company in the field of track control systems. National high-tech companies, mainly engaged in orbital transport system development, production, installation and marketing, are the world’s largest provider of orbital traffic control systems, formerly the China Railway Communications Signal Company.
The company also provides multiple products and services related to electric cars, smart cities, electricity electrification, and general contracting for engineering.
By the end of 2014, the market share of the company ' s high-speed rail control system was 65.2% of the cumulative winning mileage, ranking first in the country. The market share of the company ' s urban track control system was 40.1% of the cumulative winning amount, ranking first in the country.
Figure 3: Modelling of corporate signal system products, Figure 4: Chart of corporate communications products
By December 31, 2018, the shareholders in the company were the China Railway Communications Signals Group Ltd. (COTTE), with 75.1% divided by 75.1%.
There are no other major shareholders in the company that hold more than 5% of the shares or have the right to vote. The State Treasury Committee of the State Council holds 100% of the shares in the General List and is the actual controlling agent of the company. The president of the company is Zhou Chi-hung, and the president is Egon. 71% of the revenue from the operation of the orbital traffic control system in 2018.
Control systems, including mainly design integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery: 2) total engineering contracting services. In 2018, the ratio of railway control to company system delivery operations reached 60%. In design integration operations, 70.6% of railway and urban track control systems to equipment manufacturing operations, the ratio of signal system operations to receipts reached 70.6%.
80.4 per cent of the total engineering contracting business, with municipal and other related engineering operations receiving 95.2 per cent of the sum of $5.87 billion, or 64.6 per cent of the total, in the design integration plus equipment manufacturing industry, which is the company’s core business. Performance grew steadily. From 2012 to 2018, the company’s operating income increased from $10.05 billion to $40.1 billion, with a compound rate of growth.
24.9 per cent net return to the mother increased from RMB 1.07 billion to RMB 3.41 billion, with a compound increase of 21.3 per cent, with the company achieving revenues of RMB 7,89 million, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother increased by RMB 680 million, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period.
This has led to a decline in revenues from integrated operations in the first half of 2018, increased investment in orbital transport infrastructure, leading to an increase in the volume of equipment-manufacturing plates; and increased investment in science, technology and innovation by two companies, an active supply of leading products to customers, and a sustained increase in the volume of equipment-making plates.
Figure 17: Increased contribution of companies ' operations from 2016 to 2018 (billion yuan) 131,000 km of railway operations nationwide in 2018. 131,000 km of railway operations nationwide in 2018 and 150,000 km of railway networks in each year, covering more than 80% of major cities; further expansion of rail network coverage by 2025
The high-iron maintenance market will enter high demand. There is a need for periodic upgrades in the orbital traffic control system industry, where the life cycle of the high-iron traffic control system will generally be around 10 years, with an upgrade value of about 2.5 million yuan/km and a flat-speed iron.
The life cycle of the road orbital traffic control system is generally around 15 years, with an upgraded value of about 1 million yuan/km. Prior to 2018, the need for upgrading the market for railways, limited to high irons, had not yet entered the upgrading cycle, was mainly derived from the Premium Railway, which had a relatively low demand for upgrading the market. Since 2018, the High Iron orbital traffic control system has been gradually upgraded.
Figure 21: High expected growth in demand for maintenance of the national railway control system
The first phase involved six major surges in the country's railways until 2007; the second phase involved the establishment of a c-3 public relations unit in the railways department after 2007, which included cooperation with Bombardy and the construction of the Wu Guang Line; and the third phase was the expansion of the urban orbital transport market in recent years, with the company developing the city track cbtc system.
Corporate Core Strength 1: The leading business experience and industry position of the global orbital traffic control system, by the end of 2018, was the first in the world in terms of the overall winning mileage covered by the core products and services of the company ' s high-speed rail control system. In the area of urban orbital transport, the company was the largest urban track in China in 2016-2018 in terms of the total winning contract.
The company has completed a number of “China First” milestone projects, covering high-speed railways (represented by Kyongjong), high-ticking railways (represented by Hu-das), high-altitude railways (represented by Ransingong) and heavy-carriage railways (represented by Tai Qin Railways) in various areas of high-risk railway construction and operation in China.
By the end of 2018, the company had been involved in all major high-speed railway projects in China and in the provision of solutions for all six active trunking projects and for an orbital traffic control system. In overseas markets, the company’s autonomous Rbc equipment, vehicle atp, leu and answering machine products were certified with EU tsi certifications, respectively, and Hungarian high-speed iron (designed at an hour) is being implemented.
At the end of the year, among the existing effective technology standards issued, companies took the lead in developing 235 standards for systems, products, construction, etc.
In the field of orbital traffic signal technology, companies compile 12 out of 32 national and 150 out of 259 industry-level standards. In 2018, companies invested 1.38 billion yuan in research and development and have more than 80 research laboratories.
The company has advanced R & D, experimental and test institutions, the adequacy and scale of its laboratory facilities. By the end of 2018, it had six provincial priority laboratories, the Engineering Technology Research Centre (ETC/Labour), one national enterprise technology centre, one national industrial design centre, 15 provincial enterprise technology centres, and academic specialists.
Six stations, three post-doctoral research mobile workstations, and more than 80 scientific research laboratories have been certified with a number of authorities, including crtcc, cnas, cma, etc. Table 2: Number of research and development centres in companies
Corporate Core Strength 3: The industry-wide chain characteristics of the orbital traffic control system The company's ability to provide integrated services of the orbital traffic control system, including design integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery, is the only enterprise in the world that can provide a full set of products and services independently of the industrial chain of the entire orbital transport control system, at the same time in various countries
The company’s outstanding design integration capability can provide clients with orbital traffic control system solutions, while providing a full set of facilities to provide customers with systems design, equipment manufacturing, on-site delivery, system commissioning, system delivery, after-sales services, etc.
One-stop service reduces construction, operation and management costs for clients and reduces the risk of compatibility of complex line systems. This business model enhances customization and provides a flexible mix of products and services for clients. It also provides a comprehensive impetus for equipment manufacturing and system delivery, reduces marketing costs and provides a good basis for tracking maintenance and upgrading operations.
Figure 30: The ability of companies to provide industry-wide chain services in the orbital traffic control system Core edge of companies 4: Experienced management teams and high-level professional technicians 3676 employees, or 19.1 per cent of the total number of employees, of whom 58.6 per cent are scientists
33.2 per cent of the scientific staff have a post-graduate degree, 1.2 per cent have a doctorate, 692 have a high-level title and 11 specialists are entitled to a special State grant from the State Department. Corporation research and development personnel have been given honorary titles on several occasions, 27 of whom have received the Jayantyu railway science and technology award (including 1 recipient).
The above-mentioned talent sets a solid foundation for companies to develop key core technologies and maintain their technological excellence. The company focuses on improving internal training mechanisms, providing staff with training opportunities at national higher education institutions, research institutions and abroad, and developing sound employee evaluation standards, oversight mechanisms, and the development of training mechanisms.
At this stage, company technology is not heavily dependent on other companies. The field of orbital transport is an important area with strategic implications for national development, and the state has strict requirements for corporate technology.
Skell Signals Ltd. was established in 1986 by a joint venture between China Railways and Alston (formerly US General Railway Signal Limited). The core business mainly provides clients with an orbital traffic signal system solution that covers urban orbital transport and railways.
Table 4: The company's main controlling enterprise, Casco, in 2018, is divided into two main areas: urban track, which provides customers with integrated urban track control systems, equipment sales and related technical services. The railway sector sells equipment directly to customers and provides related technical services.
Related products include ctc system equipment, tdcs system equipment, interlocking system equipment, centralized monitoring system equipment, modem control system equipment, control system equipment, etc. The main technologies include: centralized dispatch systems (ctc), train movement control command systems (tdcs), computer locking systems, railway signal concentration monitoring systems, wireless traffic signal and surveillance systems, columns, etc.
Table 6: Kasco's main technology, the urbanis 888 cbtc system, the ctcs vehicle system using the evc3 to take two safe platforms, the smartram tram signal system using the pegasus 101ng vehicle system is the company's acquisition of an Alston technology transfer or
The company sells the turbalis 888 cbtc system, the ctcs vehicle system using the evc 3nd secure platform, the smartram tram using the Pegasus 101ng vehicle system.
Signal systems generate a lower share of revenue, Māori revenue, Māori income, and Māori. Companies that have become autonomous and are developing have the ability to substitute for Alston's technology in terms of technical indicators. Products that are developed autonomously by companies have a high degree of confidence in the market, a high level of customer acceptance, and the prospects for market diffusion of technology products that are being developed are within reach, including companies.
The self-developed cbtc system has been applied and orders have been obtained on an ongoing basis. All hardware in the urbanis 888 cbtc system is provided by Casco and cores such as ci in the urbanis 888 cbtc system (computer links), ats (automatic train supervision), mss (maintenance support) and dcs (digital communications)
The system has also been developed and provided autonomously by Casco, of which only atp/ato (automated train protection and driving) subsystems are provided by Alston. At present, Casco has completed autonomous research and development of atp/ato subsystems, with core technical indicators reaching or exceeding the urbalis 888 atp/ato subsystem and successfully applied on the upper Haitian iron 17 line.
The pegasus101ng vehicle system of the smartram tram signal system is a vehicle-borne system for positioning and measuring speed by beacons and speed sensors; the vehicle-based system, currently being developed autonomously by Casco, will be location and sensor-based using techniques such as satellite positioning, Gacalman filter integration, and the system has completed its basic functional development, with a more flexible interface and capability
Comprehensive signal state analysis, with core technical indicators reaching or exceeding Pegasus101ng vehicle system.vc platform is based on a three-dimensional ctcs vehicle system. As of the date of signing of this offer, Casco had technically replaced the vc platform with the Cvc200c platform that was developed by the master, and the cvc200c platform used two times two.
The Cvc200c platform, using 1.4g Cpu, 50m bus bandwidth, has more capacity than the vc platform, which has already been developed and released, and plans have been made to migrate the ctcs vehicle system to the platform. Railways tend to move fast, and the company’s share is expected to increase continuously.
The share of the company is expected to continue to rise, thanks to its leading position in the high-iron sector. The volume of railway-driven group purchases has continued to grow over the past two years, with a rapid increase in the 350-km car fleet per hour, in 2018, all of which is 350 km per hour, and is expected to rise with the higher share of the company in the 350-km-hour line.
The share of the company ' s orbital traffic control system is expected to increase further. Figure 40: Number of purchases of high-speed teams nationwide, Figure 41: Purchases of high-speed groups (vehicles) classified on time and in a national calendar year
(c) The construction of new and high-rise railways with a high demand for upgrading up to 150,000 kilometres of operation throughout the country, including 30,000 kilometres of high-speed railways, 90,000 kilometres of network in the centre and west, 2,000 kilometres of inter-city and inter-urban (suburban) railways and 3,000 kilometres of feeder railways;
The rate of reconnection and electrification has reached about 60% and 70% respectively: the country's railway network covers almost 200,000 cities with a permanent population of more than 200,000, and the high-speed railway network covers more than 80% of the major cities. With the country entering the critical phase of the 13th Five-Year Railway Plan, it is expected to become iron in 2019 and 2020.
According to a workshop held by China Railways in January 2019, 6,800 kilometres of new lines were planned for 2019, including 3,200 kilometres of high iron, both indicators showing a significant increase compared to 2018. The country’s fast-track network, with a “eight-and-eight” high-speed railway, is now almost complete, and the backbone of the central-western road has accelerated.
By the end of 2018, we had about 131,000 km of railway operations, of which 29,000 km of high-speed railways were in the first place worldwide. The high-speed railways were growing steadily.
The high-iron-orbit traffic control system generally has a life cycle of around 10 years, assuming that the new lines of business are in the same year.
Ten years later, in the upgrading cycle, the total market capacity for the 2019-2023 high-iron upgrading and upgrading was approximately 25.9 to 31.1 billion yuan. A combination of competitive advantages in terms of the reliability and safety of core services and products, as well as the industry-wide nature of the orbital traffic control system, which has a strong market influence.
The market for high-iron upgrading has created a good pre-emptive advantage. As of June 2019, the company successfully implemented the only high-iron upgrading and upgrading market project, the Jingjin Inter-City Railway Control System Technology Conversion Project, which gained a leading market share and unique project experience, making it more influential in the high-iron upgrading and upgrading market.
From 2016 to 2018, revenues from the company ' s orbital traffic control system upgrade operations amounted to $4.81 billion and $4.95 billion, respectively. Vehicle-borne equipment was a major product of the company ' s equipment. The size of the company ' s vehicle-car-mounted equipment was related to the number of requests for bids from the start-up group in the same year.
Since the first six months of the year in which the tender will be signed, and the end of the year in which the tender will be concluded in the second year, the volume of the tender for the vehicle equipment of China Railway will have a certain impact on the contract volume for that year and the second year. Starting in 2016, the volume of the tender for the vehicle equipment of China Railway will have declined significantly as a result of the reduced demand for the moving fleet.
In 2016, there was no bid for vehicle-mounted equipment. Due to a lack of related orders, the company ' s revenue from equipment production fell in 2017. With the resumption of tenders for vehicle-mounted equipment in the second half of 2017, the company earned $18.46 billion (+10.6%) in revenue from the operations of the road control system and benefited from the maintenance of high-level railways and the upgrading of the high-iron control system in 2018.
Figure 54: The railway operations of 2019q1 contributed 53.2 per cent of the new order, 4 city track operations developed faster and there were sufficient engineering contracting orders, and the company insisted on a “one-stop, multi-faceted” development strategy, building on the masters of the orbital traffic control system and developing vigorously.
4.1 The city track business is growing faster, with revenue contributing continuously, and the company track business is growing faster, reaching $9.41 billion in 2018. The country is currently in the process of rapid urbanization.
The trend towards diversification of urban orbital transport development will gradually emerge, with urban orbital modes, such as trams, light tracks, single tracks, magnetic floats and fast-tracking of urban areas, which will flourish in the future, with companies actively managing market trends and expanding urban orbital traffic, including the metro, with 20 per cent of corporate urban orbital traffic control system operating in 2016-2018, respectively.
Design integration plus equipment manufacturing contributed 43.8 per cent to urban track operations, 69.2 per cent to corporate urban track operations in 2018, 94.10 billion yuan (+29.9 per cent) and 20.9 per cent, of which $5.29 billion (+27.2 per cent) was delivered by urban track systems, with a gross interest rate of 11.4 per cent and a higher rate of profitability in urban track design and equipment manufacturing.
The urban track, which is an important component of urban transport, has received extensive attention from the Government, with investments growing faster, from 5767 km in 2012 to 2018, with a composite growth rate of 18.9 per cent in urban orbital transport markets, with companies core transport control system products and services covering 20 provinces or autonomous regions of China, as well as Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin and Chongqing.
In the urban orbital signalling system market, the company was awarded about 40% of the contract value and was in a leading position in the market, participating in more than 100 subway projects in more than 20 cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Nanjing, Wuhan.
In total, 7611 km of urban orbital links (excluding already operational lines) built by urban planning throughout the country by the end of 2018, the current one-km of the signal system is approximately $8 million-12 million per km, based on the customized needs of the different projects.
The market capacity of the market for new urban orbital transport routes is expected to be approximately 76.11 billion yuan, based on the currently approved urban orbital route planning, based on the median value of 10 million yuan per kilometer. 2018 miles of in-progress roads across the country will be 6374 kilometres, and urban orbital construction projects will be completed every year according to the construction cycle.
The country will continue to grow at a faster pace over the next three years.
Government agencies, their investment, management companies and their subsidiaries, large State-owned enterprises, etc.
4.3 Research on the next generation of core technology for the control of trains and expansion of production capacity
Research in integrated transport systems and technology, smart city and industry communications information systems, chip technology for orbital traffic, orbital traffic intelligence construction technology. Advanced orbital traffic control systems and critical technology studies will focus on the next generation of train control core technologies: orbital traffic intelligence integrated transport systems and technology studies will mainly be carried out for orbital transport intelligence.
Research on smart cities and industrial communication information systems is divided into intelligent city integrated management systems, smart station systems, integrated smart security systems, new-generation broadband wireless communication applications.
The research resources of the Ministry of Science and Technology are based on the accumulation of work already done on chip research and development.
The Advanced and Smart Manufacturing Bases project (Long Sa Industrial Park (phase I)) is being implemented mainly by the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, the Long Sand Orbital Traffic Control Technology Ltd., which includes research and development centres, testing and testing centres, joint plants, office buildings, etc.; the products will consist mainly of high voltage transformer cabinets and related products, trams, ctcs-3 control systems, intelligence, etc.
The project is located in the south-west corner of Changsha City High Technology Development Area, where Yoyo Avenue and Lego Road meet. The project is intended to invest $2.5 billion in fund-raising. The project will be built for about 21 months, starting from April 2019, and will be completed in December 2020 and launched in January 2021.
(1) Orbital traffic control system: The company ' s winning value has been rising steadily in recent years, with new contracts in 2016-2018 amounting to $29.1 billion, $31.3 billion and $38.1 billion, respectively, representing 1.2 times, 1.2 times and 1.3 times the amount collected during the same period. The rate of increase in the operation of the orbital traffic control system has been 15 per cent for each of the new contracts, while the Maori rate has remained unchanged at 27 per cent.
The company’s core business is the orbital traffic control system, which is more mature in its field, and it is in a more robust development phase, and can be valued using pe than the company. In 2019, the lowest value was 16 times as high as 27 times the average, and the average was 21 times the company’s net return profit in 2019-2021.
The market demand for the company’s main orbital transport and related engineering contracts is partly influenced by macroeconomics, related industrial policies, and China Railway’s bidding scheme. The development of the track traffic control system industry is largely dependent on government investment in orbital transport projects and China’s development.
In the future, a tightening of fiscal or monetary policy may result in lower demand or slower payments by government-related customers in the company’s market, which may also result in less than (2) bt, bot, and other risks such as policies, returns, and project withdrawals.
A project has a long construction cycle, a wide range of areas, a high degree of complexity, demanding terms and quality, and is clearly influenced by policy. If project acquisition is analytically incomplete, policy capture is inaccurate, financing is not in place, process management is irregular, project returns are inaccurate, project returns are delayed, project participants are withdrawn, etc.
Corporate projects include advanced and intelligent technology research and development projects, advanced and intelligent manufacturing bases projects, information-based construction projects, and capital flows.
Integrated transport support systems and technology research, smart city and industry communications information systems research, chip technology research applicable to orbital traffic, orbital traffic intelligent construction technology research, advanced and intelligent manufacturing base projects are mainly carried out by fully-owned companies, the Longsard Orbital Traffic Control Technology Ltd., which will produce the main packages
These include high voltage transformers and related products, trams, ctcs-3 control systems, smart city packages, contact wires, acceptance products, etc.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.