Click here to enter the text. City-wide, etc. Major contract for supporting projects. National Iron City's track is up, and the equipment tap continues to benefit.
The construction period will also maintain the growth momentum, and the country will actively push the high iron “go out” and the industry will face a vast global market space. On the urban iron side, since 2009, domestic construction has been on a fast-growing path, and it is expected that it will continue in the 13th and 5th years.
The orbital traffic control system industry has a need for periodic upgrades and, after 2018, has entered the high iron market into a renewed project to raise the company's core competitiveness; this time, the company intends to raise $10.5 billion for advanced and intelligent technology research and development projects, information-building projects for advanced and manufacturing projects and replenishment of liquidity.
If successful, the project will help the company to establish a strong technological lead, guarantee the dynamism of income growth, and make investment proposals: we use pes and ps to value the company. Combined with comparable companies (Real of the Century, Chinese Central, Chinese Central Iron, China Tong)pe (2018) and ps (2018)
The company's income and profits over the last three years is the world's largest provider of railway signal control systems.
The China Express is a leading company in the global orbital traffic control system. The company has been involved in six major orbital developments in our railway for decades, and has provided multi-generational orbital control systems. It currently has more than 20 secondary groups and subsidiaries, with a total workforce of more than 19,000, with industry-led research and development and integration capabilities that can provide customers with a complete industrial chain integration of the orbital traffic control system.
Corporate history: formerly the Communications Signal Engineering Company and the Electronic Design Office, created in 1953: in 1981, the Consort of Consorts, the China Chase Group, was approved; in 2010, the company was formally formed and, after many years of development, became the world's leading provider of traffic control system solutions; after 2015, the company gradually formed an orbital traffic control system with a track-based system at its core.
Figure 1: The company's history of establishing the Communications Signal Engineering Company (CCIG) in the Ministry of Railways — China Railways, which is mainly involved in the design and construction of railway communications signal engineering.
• The Ministry of Railways approved the formation of a consortium of shareholders in the company, which added to the original operations of the Communications and Signal Engineering Company, such as the production of communications signals and equipment, which was officially established;
• A business model for the full range of services in the field of orbital traffic control systems has evolved and, over the years, has become the leading global provider of orbital transfer control system solutions. In August, the company first publicly released 1.75 billion shares and placed them on Hong Kong's main trading board; in September, the company's h share exercised an overstock distribution option
(b) The company has gradually developed a “one dollar-based, related and diversified” business pattern, with the orbital traffic control system at its core, with a multiplicity of operations such as trams, smart cities, electrical electrification and general contracting for engineering.
In 2018, the company achieved 40 billion yuan in revenue and achieved a net return of 3.4 billion yuan, which was larger. Between 2017 and 2018, corporate income grew by 16.18 per cent and 15.69 per cent, respectively; the return was the result of an increase in the share of services delivered by two business systems with a low Māori rate and the total cost of engineering contracting.
Trends in sales costs, financial costs and R & D costs are relatively stable, and management costs are declining. Business patterns: “One dollar is the dominant, related diversity” “One dollar is the main, related diversity” business patterns: companies now form a system of orbital traffic control at the core, total engineering
In 2018, corporate orbital transport operations, engineering packages accounted for 71.03 per cent and 28.82 per cent, respectively, and the general control system was divided into three blocks, distributed among design integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery services.
Companies are in the lead in the area of national rail control systems. Products and services in the entire industrial chain of the company's orbital traffic control system consist mainly of: 1) design integration, consisting mainly of the provision of system integration services for products related to the orbital traffic control system and the provision of design and advisory services for orbital transit-based project construction; 2) equipment manufacturing, consisting mainly of the production and sale of signal systems, communications
ITIS products and other related products; 3) systems delivery, including, inter alia, construction of orbital traffic control systems projects, installation of equipment and maintenance services. The product pattern can be divided into signal products, communications products, test products, etc.; technical services include experimental testing and post-sale, etc.
(a) Leadership in the field of road signal control.
In 2018, the company’s total engineering contract generated income of 11,517 million yuan, an increase of 19.5 per cent, representing about 29 per cent of total income.
The country's railways will continue to grow in the longer term. During the 13th Five-Year Period, the country will continue to build its railway empire, and the railway's rapid network will continue.
“Four and four” plans are being expanded. The country’s railway miles will be raised from about 120,000 km to 135,000 km at the end of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan. Of these, the 13-Year Railways will be heavier, with high iron lines adding about 11,000 km. By the end of 2020, the country’s railways will be operating 150,000 km, including 30,000 km of high-speed railways and 60% of rewiring and electrification, respectively.
By 2030, the country’s railways will have basically achieved internal and external connectivity, open inter-district access, high-trail connectivity in provincial capitals, rapid territorial access, and basic territorial coverage. The country is actively pushing the high-iron “go-out,” and the industry faces vast global market space.
In the area of on-orbit transport, the country has strengthened its cooperation with countries along the “one-way” route, and has reached out to a number of regions, including Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, to negotiate cooperation in the development of railway and other transport infrastructure projects, while China has actively promoted the establishment of the Silk Road Fund, the BRICS National Development Bank, and the establishment of the National Development Bank.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, among others, provides financial support for infrastructure development in Asia and the Pacific and in developing countries around the world. In the future, the transport sector will show a clear trend towards globalization, with industries facing vast global market space.
Urban orbit: In the period of high-growth growth in the cycle, starting in 2009, the construction of urban orbital transport in the country began at a very rapid pace. In 2017, 33 new lines were added, operating 868.9 km in length, adding new lines to an all-time high, with an increase of 62.5% in comparison with the previous year.
In the first half of the year, a total of 34 municipalities are under construction. In late 13th and fifth months, urban rail construction is expected to continue. In the new normal state of economic development, rail transport is the country's most important foundation.
In accordance with the three-year plan of action, the city has invested 1.6 trillion dollars, which now covers 8,600 kilometres of construction. In 2016, during the first year of the 13th Five-Year Plan, the country's efforts to build urban orbital transport have focused on 103 projects for the construction of urban orbital transport.
Transport, 2,385 kilometres, with an investment of 16,579 million, orbital traffic information applications have matured into later cycles, post-market space has been vast, orbital information systems have matured, generally in the post-cycle phase of railway construction. Orbital traffic information has already been transported by rail.
The information-based areas of movement control, marketing systems, train operations control, security surveillance, etc. are widely used, accounting for about 3-4% of fixed asset investments, and are generally distributed over the 1/2-3/5 cycle of railway construction. The orbital traffic control system industry has a need for periodic upgrades, with the high iron market entering the renewal cycle after 2018.
The life cycle of the road transport system is generally around 10 years, after which there is a need for renewal. Until 2018, the demand for upgrading the market for railways, which were limited to high irons, had not yet entered the upgrading cycle, came mainly from the Prestige Railway, which had a smaller demand for upgrading the market. Since 2018, the High Iron Orbital Traffic Control System has been gradually entering the upgrade cycle and upgrading the market.
It is proposed to raise $10.5 billion for advanced and intelligent technology research and development projects, information-building projects for advanced and manufacturing projects, and additional liquidity.
iv. Corporate valuations and investments suggest that we choose company century Riel, Chinese Chinese cars, China, and China, which are close to the company in terms of the composition of major products.
For example, we give the company pe (2018) a 15-20 x risk of public operating accidents or loss of technicians.