10 July 2019 Research series on the high-end equipment company of the Scientific and Technological Innovation Board: China Chase 1 and the company ' s main business: the company is an industry-wide chain product service provider for the orbital traffic control system, the main industry
In the case of the orbital traffic control system, the area of the system includes the design of the Liu Lanjing integration, the manufacture of equipment and the delivery of the system.
The main clients of the operation of the orbital traffic control system include China Railways and its subsidiaries at all levels, as well as local orbital State-owned enterprises: the main client groups for the general contracting of engineering operations include multiple types of institutions such as national and local government agencies.
Fan Think 2, Core Technologies: The company has the national, leading, international, first-class core technology, undertakes major research projects at the national level, and has many patents. The core technology includes urban orbital traffic control in urban orbital transport.
Systems (cbtc): China ' s high-iron line control system in the high-iron field (ctcs-3), China ' s high-iron autopilot system (ctcs-3+ato), the inter-city rail control system (ctcs-2+ato); and the medium- and low-level U.P. Reed in other technical fields
Rapid magnetic suspension control systems (matc), freight assembly station automation systems (cips), integrated railway intelligence operating maintenance management systems and integrated transport movement command systems. Competitor and corporate status: companies have a significant pre-eminence and industry dominance worldwide
In terms of the national high-speed rail control system, the company has over 60% of its winning mileage coverage. At the same time, the company is the country's largest provider of urban orbital traffic control system solutions, with urban orbital systems accounting for about 40% of the domestic market.
Businesses that provide a full range of products and services independently of the entire orbital transport control system ' s industrial chain. Realistic and important shareholders: the company ' s actual controlling person is the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. The State Treasury Committee of the State Council holds 100% of the shares in the Constellation Group.
Shareholdings account for 75.14 per cent of the company’s total equity. Apart from the general group, there are no major shareholders in the company holding more than 5 per cent of the company’s shares or voting rights.
2 [Galaxy] High-end Equipment Company Study Series _Tianyoichi I. China Express: Industry Leader in the Global Orbital Traffic Control System (i) Basic information: Industry Leader in the Orbital Traffic Control System
The company is an industry-wide chain service provider for the orbital traffic control system. The company’s main business consists of the orbital traffic control system area where operations and engineering are contracted. The orbital traffic control system area can be divided into design integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery.
Specifically, the design integration operation provides system integration services for products related to the orbital traffic control system, and provides design and advisory services for orbital transit engineering-based project construction. The system integration operation involves, inter alia, railway control systems (ctcs), urban orbital control systems (cbtc), freight automation systems (cips).
The equipment is manufactured for project systems development, production, sale, maintenance of signal systems, communications information system products, and system delivery for construction, installation and maintenance of project systems.
Corporate performance grew steadily. In 2017 and 2018, the company achieved business income of $34,586 million and $40.13 billion, and trends suggest that the country ' s orbital transport industry is at a steady stage of development, with the company ' s new orders growing each year. The company provides specialized services in the whole industry chain and reduces production and service delivery through continuous technological upgrading, product improvement, construction process improvement.
Ben, ensuring steady growth in future performance. (ii) Core technologies and research and development inputs Corporate technologies cover multiple areas. Corporate core technologies include urban orbital transport control systems in urban orbital transport
(cbtc); China ' s high-calories control system (ctcs-3), China ' s high-calored autopilot system (ctcs-3+ato), inter-city rail control system (ctcs-2+ato); and other technical areas of medium- and low-speed magnetic suspension control system (matc), freight assembly station automation system (cips), integrated railway intelligent operation maintenance management system and integrated transport movement command system.
In the area of high-speed railways, by the end of 2018, the company’s core products and services covered by the high-speed rail control system had the world’s highest overall winning mileage. In the area of urban orbital transport, the company was the largest provider of urban orbital traffic control system solutions in the country during the reporting period, based on the total number of winning contracts.
A “China First” milestone project covers the construction and operation of high-risk railways in various categories of China, such as high-speed railways, high-cold railways, high-altitude railways and heavy-load railways.
The company leads the process of developing standards and core technology for the ctcs Chinese train operation control system. Based on China’s network of orbital transport systems, high number of hubs, speed of trains, and high distances, the company’s autonomous orbital traffic control system is interconnectivity, high stability, high environmental adaptability, high system safety, high computing accuracy, etc.
In 2016-2018, the company undertook eight research projects supported by national and ministerial government agencies, 82 research projects supported by provincial government and industry authorities, and 20 research projects at the national and sectoral levels.
By the end of 2018, the company had 1,421 registered patents in China for the protection of core technology. In 2018, the company received two prizes in science and technology from the Chinese Railway Institute.
Awards, seven second-class awards for science and technology from the Chinese Railway Society, and six third-level awards for science and technology from the Chinese Railways Society. Billions of yuan and 1.380 billion yuan, representing 3.53%, 3.41% and 3.45% of operating income, respectively.
Figure 5: Composition and ratio of company R & D costs (iii) profitability model and competitive advantage
The company’s profit model includes the sale of the orbital traffic control system and the general contracting of engineering. Depending on the difference between downstream demand, rail revenue accounts for 57.4%, 48.3%, and 46.2% of total income, respectively, and accounts for the largest share of income, but figure 6: Composition of corporate income
In the case of high-iron operations, services such as communications systems, signal systems, electricity systems, electrification systems, information systems, four-power houses, etc., are in the 20th-38th month of high-iron investment. Because they are in the middle and late stages of the high-iron construction cycle, the company’s operations are growing.
The trend lags behind the growth trend in railway investment. Figure 7: The high-iron construction cycle map shows a rapid increase in both the company ' s new and stock orders.
The Division ' s uncompleted purchase order contract of $80,465 million, an increase of 15.74 per cent over the same period. The increase in new and uncompleted orders is company follow-up. Figure 8: Changes in new and uncompleted purchase orders.
Millions of yuan, or 17.5 per cent, of the outstanding urban orbital traffic orders of $12.939 billion, or 16.1 per cent, are expected to increase the contribution of the total engineering contracting operation to future income growth. In terms of production patterns, the orbital traffic control system can be divided into design integration, equipment manufacturing, system delivery.
The project process consists mainly of design planning, design information preparation, design implementation, design clearance, document distribution archiving, design services, and seven phases of design summary. The equipment manufacturing process consists mainly of the production preparation phase, the production implementation phase and the product delivery phase.
The system delivery business service process consists mainly of the construction preparation phase, the construction operations phase and the completion of the inspection and inspection phase. The production capacity utilization of the major products of the company ' s equipment manufacturing operations has increased to a high level, reflecting a relatively high industry profile. The main products of the company ' s equipment manufacturing operations are industrial products related to the orbital traffic control system, 2018, company orbital circuit equipment.
The increase in capacity utilization has increased to 81.92 per cent, the production capacity of equipment in controlled and chained systems has increased to 86.54 per cent, the signal relay capacity utilization rate of 91.24 per cent, the production capacity of transacting equipment of 80.48 per cent, and the capacity of answering devices of 84.50 per cent. The growth in capacity utilization has given impetus to the growth in corporate income, which has increased to a high level, and has stabilized in the future.
In 2018, railway revenues grew by 11%, urban track transport revenues by 30%, and total engineering contract revenues by 23%. Given the annual growth but saturation of railway construction, future rail revenues are expected to rise at a steady rate; and the rapid growth of urban rail transport, we expect future urban rail traffic to be on track.
The company’s clients are of good quality and do not rely heavily on a small number of customers. The main clients of the company’s orbital traffic control system are the company’s main customers.
China Railways and its affiliates at all levels, as well as local orbital transport state-owned enterprises. The main client groups of the general engineering business include national and local government agencies, among others. In 2016-2018, the company’s top five clients together accounted for 75.14% of its total stock holdings.
The company is effectively controlled by the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The State Finance Committee of the State Council holds 100% of the number group II, the current state of the industry and the pattern of competition.
The high-speed rail network covers more than 80% of the major cities with a permanent population of over 200,000, compared to 2015, with 24% of the country’s railways, 58% of the high-iron miles and 24% of the network’s density. The high-iron miles are growing rapidly, and there is still some room for development in the future.
6,600 km to 29,000 km, up from 7.08% to 22.14% of railway operations. In 2019, the iron line was transferred to 3,200 km of high iron lines. In the future, according to the State Council ' s Guidance for Maintaining Shortcuts in the Infrastructure Area, issued in November 2018, the focus will be on the central and western regions to accelerate the promotion of the “eight-and-eight-high-speed” railways.
Roads project: Expanding regional rail links and further improving the railway backbone network: accelerating the start of a number of strategic, landmark railway projects. Therefore, we believe that the future of high iron will still have some scope for development, as compared to the mileage of railway operations, figure 14: National rapid rail network planning map
In the case of railways, new railway lines and upgrades will provide a greater market space for control systems. New railways include high-speed and universal-speed railways. According to the published national plan, about 44,000 kilometres of new mileage growth in domestic railways are expected to occur in 2019-2025, including about 0.9 million kilometres of new high-speed railways.
Similarly, it is estimated that the cost of the new high-speed railway control system is about 3.5 million yuan/km, the cost of the new speed railway control system is about 1.5 million km/km, and we expect the market capacity of the new railway control system to be about 84 billion km/km in 2019-2025.
Since the beginning of the year, there has been a significant increase in the mileage of the new high iron business, with companies estimating an upgrade of approximately $2.5 million per kilometre of the high iron control system, based on projects already in place. For about 10 years of its life cycle, we expect a total of about $47.9 billion in the high iron upgrade market for 2019-2025: then, the high iron mileage into the upgrading cycle will be maintained at over 2,000 kilometres per year.
The corresponding market capacity will be more than $5 billion per year. In the case of general railways, it is estimated that the cost per kilometre of upgrades of the universal railway control system will be about $1 million, the life cycle of the universal railway control system will be about 15 years, and we expect that the combined market capacity for upgrades of the railway will be about $12 billion in 2019-2025.
The city's urban orbital network was planned for a total of 7,611 km of planned construction lines. The city's fixed-track transport investment rose from 24,514 million yuan in 2003 to 5,40,967 million yuan in 2017, with an average annual compound growth rate of 24.73%. Given the relatively short single mileage of the city's track, the unit price is higher, and the current signal control system costs one kilometre.
Approximately RMB 8-12 million/km. The market space for new urban orbital transport, which is currently planned for construction, is approximately RMB 76.1 billion. Figure 16: Size of domestic fixed-assets investment in railways, 2008-2018 (Billions)
(ii) Competition patterns. There are currently five rail orbital control system service providers in the country and 12 urban orbital control systems general contractors.
The main suppliers of the business are the China Tung, Jingh and the Iron Academy. On the city track, Kasco and the State Iron are the subsidiaries of the China Tung, one of the 12 major contractors of the country’s urban orbital traffic signal systems.
At the same time, the company is the country’s largest provider of urban orbital transport control system solutions, with a share of about 40% of the domestic market for urban orbital systems. For the period 2016-2018, China’s medium-line urban orbital lines were 6, 12 and 9 respectively, accounting for 35.29%, 41.38% and 34.62% of the country’s open-tender railways.
In the area of high-speed railways, by the end of 2018, the company’s high-speed rail control system’s core products and apparel.
The overall winning mileage covered by the Institute is the number one in the world: companies have achieved 100% national production of fully autonomous intellectual property and products from core train operations control technologies, with 1,421 registered patents and more than 40,000 test cases of proprietary rail control systems in the country.
Enterprises that provide the full range of products and services independently of the industry’s industrial chain of traffic control systems. Compared to other enterprises in the industry, companies are able to provide full sets of equipment while providing orbital traffic control system solutions, improving customization capabilities, and fully driving equipment manufacturing and system delivery operations, as well as providing a good basis for tracking maintenance and upgrading operations.
The financial situation and the fund-raising plan (i) Key financial indicators Total and engineering contracting operations, which in 2018 generated $28.42 billion and $11.53 billion, respectively, representing 71.03 per cent and 28.82 per cent.
Corporate income structure shifts, urban transit systems become an important growth driver for the future. In the end-markets of the orbital traffic control system, rail orbital transfer systems continue to decline, and urban orbital orbital control systems continue to rise. Given the relatively rapid development of urban orbital transport within the country, with greater market space, urban orbital control systems are expected to become the growth of companies in the future.
The railway control system is expected to work gradually. Domestic railway planning provides a stable market demand for the industry, and its growth has slowed in the last two years as a result of delays in bidding for railway projects.
The impact of the delay in the annual railway bidding program has led to a restructuring of the company’s operations. Railway operations grew by 45% in 2018, and urban track operations by 6%.
The decrease in net cash flows from corporate operations in 2018 is mainly due to increased investment in R & D from projects such as trams, smart cities, and some of the macro-environmental impacts. The decrease in 2017 is due mainly to the entry of projects such as the integrated halls for corporate investment, sponge cities, etc.
The main construction phase has resulted in an increase in cash outflows, and changes in structure, with lower monetary funds resulting from the higher share of total engineering contracting and urban-track transport operations with longer repayment cycles, higher accounts receivable, but better customer creditworthiness to ensure recovery.
State Railway Construction Group Ltd. and China Railway Engineering Group Ltd., which have a longer repayment period based on industry characteristics than other clients, but is a major company and industry leader with a good creditworthiness and less likely to expect significant bad debt losses. Business restructuring has led to a decline in the turnover of receivables and inventory.
The main engineering contracting operations involved a number of major infrastructure and municipal works, and the main clients of the urban rail traffic control system operations were local State-owned enterprises, both of which had a significantly longer valorization cycle and a clearly longer period from valorization to repatriation, resulting in an increase in accounts receivable, contractual capital and short-term borrowing from the Foreign Minister.
(ii) Fund-raising projects. In this project, the Advanced and Smart Technology Research and Development Project will upgrade the core technology of companies' orbital transport and related products, such as smart cities, enhance autonomous technology research and development, and the Advanced and Smart Manufacturing Base Project will build a professional industrial base.
Together with technological inputs, the project will enhance the management of core business and improve the efficiency of the company’s operations through the use of information technology.
The project focuses on the development of relevant core technologies, such as orbital transport and smart cities, to adapt to future developments and to enhance the competitiveness of the corporate sector, including advanced orbital traffic control systems and research on key technologies, integrated orbital transport intelligence systems and technology research, research on smart urban and industrial communications information systems, chip technology research and orbital transport intelligence-building technologies applicable to orbital traffic
Research, total construction investment of $4.6 billion, Advanced and Smart Manufacturing Bases project, aimed at creating national-level orbital traffic, smart cities, electronic information, low-floor trams and “four power” systems.
The construction includes research and development centres, testing and testing centres, joint plants, office buildings, etc., with products such as high-voltage transformer cabinets and related products, trams, ctcs-3 control systems, smart city packages, contact lines, capacity-lines, etc.
The project is aimed at upgrading the management of core operations by means of information, digitizing the enterprise ' s R & D, manufacturing, marketing, services, etc., and wiping the internal data flow through the enterprise ' s manufacturing implementation system and a comprehensive budget.
Management systems, product life-cycle management systems, integrated business management information systems and virtualization platforms for data centre infrastructure are the leading global industry-wide chain service providers for orbital traffic control systems, with core technical and customer excellence. While the country’s high iron industry has moved into a period of steady growth, the need to upgrade the high-iron control system has led to a new demand for upgrades.
The company’s product structure will be further optimized, based on the policy environment and the new bill signing by the public administration, and it is expected that future revenues will continue to grow steadily and the Māori rate will pick up. We have chosen China’s Chinese company, China’s Chinese company, and United Technologies, as comparable companies, to use as a reference indicator.
Risks of inadequate investment in technology R & D; risks of less than expected construction of high iron and urban tracks; risks of changes in industrial policies; risks of increased competition leading to fluctuations in levels of profitability.