National Golden Yates Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials
China Express (68809.sh) Study series “Standing board-high-end equipment”
The pattern of the 1st race is solid: design integration plus manufacturing of equipment plus system delivery plus total contracting of industry-wide layouts, 60% of the city, 40% of the city track and 40% of the industry entering maturity, stable oligarchy; 2 historical performance: corporate net profitability and roe value are 10% and 14%, respectively, better than the average of medium and Alston.
Operational indicators are better than those of peers: 4 update needs are more certain: the track control system is about railway safety, with a 10-year high-iron renewal cycle, and there is a greater risk of non-replacement in theory.
There are two main areas of new and updated needs: railways: we have broken down and tracked a 20 per cent compound increase in industry investment in 2015-2017 per iron for seven years, and the current urban track project is 1.3 times the number of projects already in operation, and the new demand guarantees the stability of urban track demand: the urban track renewal needs are not expected to be forthcoming for nearly three years.
Release potential: railway orders are expected to double the Māori ratio, and employees are expected to be involved in the distribution of domestic confidence.1 Over 16,000 km of railway projects are expected to reach 50 per cent of the traffic between 2019 and 2020, with 50 per cent of the high and non-high, Wang Hua King
This is reflected in the list; in 222018, as a result of the decline in the share of integrated railway design income at a high Māori rate and the apparent decline in the Māori rate, there is expected to be scope for a recovery in the Māori rate of railway operations; and in the last three years, income from the company ' s upgrading and upgrading project has remained almost flat and has not yet reached a high-iron upgrading and it is expected that the demand will be met gradually starting in 2019;
Four companies launched 1.8 billion shares, raising more than $10 billion. 572 executives and employees of the company are going to be involved in the launch strategy, and each of them will be involved in the sale of $1.11 million, thus demonstrating their confidence in internal development.
Accident risk: Bot and ppp projects drag corporate cash flows.1 Drivers, key assumptions and major projections
New demand for high-iron, flat-iron, urban tracks.  Key assumptions and main forecast 2) 10-year update of the high-rail system; 15-year update of the universal rail system,
At the end of the update cycle, given the importance of the control system for railway security, the need for the update was released in a timely manner) and judged that the year 2020 would mark a peak in traffic, considering that the need for the update would be released in 2019, 1) the market believed that the peak in the construction of the high iron had passed, and that the industry lacked elasticity and long-term logic.
It is believed that the 10-year cycle of rolling-over control systems associated with train safety will come, which is expected to contribute a steady incremental contribution to the industry.2 The market believes that the rate of Maori for renewal projects is low, and that it will lower the level of Maori for companies as a result of the upgrade.
We believe that the share of design integration operations has declined in 2018, that the Māori ratio of new company projects has largely remained at the same level as the Māori ratio of newer projects, and that the Māori ratio is expected to return to the upward path in the future, as the advantages of the scale of the new project have been demonstrated.
3) The market questions that 2020 will be the peak of the 13th and 5th. We will split up into the year of railway traffic, and will drive the procurement needs of the transhipment control system. 4) In one sentence, we summarize the rationale for our industry: more than 80 new jobs started in 2015-2017.
Major railway projects focused on peaking traffic from 2019 to 2020. Large orders for the high-track control system update: actual traffic by 2019 exceeded expectations.
Large accident risk: Bot or ppp projects drag corporate cash flow. I. Trans-shipment control system industry, beneficiary railways and urban rails add and update needs 1.1 attributes: have medium and post-cycle properties and are relevant to the new drive
The rail control system is used mainly in rail and urban transport, and the industry accounts for 20% of the cost of high iron capital.
Track control systems are of great importance for the safety of railway operations, and are the core of high-iron technology. Track control systems, with product structures including: (1) signal systems: extensive application to railways and urban orbital transport systems, with major products including computer locks, control centres, vehicles.
Systems equipment such as atp, orbital circuits, rbc, ctc and cips: (2) communications information systems: mainly transmission systems, data communications systems, wireless communications systems, orbital traffic integrated video surveillance systems, travel clothing systems, etc.
Chart 1: The track control system has intermediate and lateral properties Chart 2: electrification and informatization account for about 20% of railway expenditure The track control system has obvious end-to-end properties. For example, the track control system is high iron.
It usually starts 20 to 38 months after the start of the project, is post-station work throughout the cycle, and then goes to the combined commissioning and commissioning phase, which lasts for about six months. On this basis, it is estimated that the Department is expected to enter into an order for an advance passage of approximately 1 to 1.5 years, with a production cycle of six months, which is gradually confirmed after delivery.
The medium- and post-cycle properties determine a certain correlation between the industry and the new traffic traffic every year. Since the China-China Express has nearly 60 per cent of the market in the high-track traffic control system, we have a certain correlation between the country's new railway increase and China-China-Train revenue growth.
The year 2016-2018 is a low point for railway traffic, which corresponds to the revenue from China's Chase railway operations. Figure 4: The revenue from China's Chase railway is linked to the additional traffic. 1.2 The traffic peak of 13,500 is expected in 2020, leading to an increase in the order of the rail control system.
In the past, we proposed a high correlation between the transhipment control system and the driveway, which, according to the 13,550,000 km target, will be more than 10,000 km in 2020, leading to a significant increase in the traffic control system. According to the medium- and long-term railway plan, 150,000 km is expected to be reached by 2020.
Railway traffic was completed by 6,800 kilometres a year, an increase of 45 per cent a year. On this basis, it was estimated that 11,200 kilometres would have to be completed in 2020 (an estimated 4,200 kilometres of high iron and 7,000 kilometres of plain iron and inter-city), an increase of 64 per cent over the same year in 2019.
If this logic is established, it means that the rail order for the rail control system for 2018-2020 will be forthcoming. According to experience, the construction cycle for railway engineering projects (design to transport) usually lasts three to five years, with a long work cycle of seven to eight years, which is related to geological conditions, project length, etc.
(b) Road projects; (ii) a project to start work by 2015, with traffic planned for 2019-2020.
The Ministry is divided into 2778 kilometres, according to incomplete statistics, and the second category is the new railway project, which began in 2015, and which was largely operated in 2019 and 2020, amounting to 8214 kilometres.
Category IV: new railway projects started in 2017, with a small number of trains in 2019 and 2020, totalling 663 km. Total of the above four categories is 16,863 km (of which 50% are high and non-high), I
They judge that most of this travel took place between 2019 and 2020, which is basically in line with our theoretical 18,000-km drive-by gap target. (Note: The sample also includes 160 km/h.) So we judge that the 1350,000-km drive-by target is promising.
Railways add up: by 2025, the new market for railways will have a capacity of about $10.6 billion, assuming that by 2025, new railways will have reached nearly 50,000 kilometres by the year 2025. According to the Medium-Long-Long Railway Network (2016), railways will have reached 150,000 kilometres by the year 2020, and by the year 2025
Ten thousand kilometres, including 0.9 million kilometres of high iron and 35,000 kilometres of porcelain and urban iron. Scenario 2: According to the Chinese Express offer, the cost of the new high-speed railway control system project is about 3.5 million yuan/km or more (we assume 3.6 million yuan/km) and the construction of a new speed railway.
The cost of the control system project is about 1.5 million yuan/km or more (we assume 1.6 million yuan/public railway upgrades: by 2025, the estimated market capacity for the upgrading of railways is 60 billion yuan.
The project, which started in 2008 with a 10-year delay, is expected to begin gradually in 2019 with the introduction of a more trajectory control system, which is about the safety of railway operations, until the theoretical replacement cycle does not change the probability of a safety accident.
The replacement of trains is faster and more certain. According to China Express, the cost of upgrading per kilometre is about 2.5 million yuan or more, while the combined market capacity for upgrading high-speed railways is about 47.9 billion yuan or more during the year.
The speed railway control system will be upgraded at a cost of about $1 million per kilometre, assuming that the total market capacity for the speed railway upgrade will be about $12 billion during the year.
Figure 13: The need to upgrade the rail system to 2025 is 47.9 billion yuan. Figure 14: 16.6 billion yuan from the new and renewed railways. For example, in 2018, we calculated the market capacity of the railways to be 15.7 billion.
In fact, China’s railway revenues in 2018 amounted to $18.4 billion, cutting off $3.7 billion in revenue from the renewal, amounting to $14.7 billion. According to the company’s 60% share of the city, the market space for the transhipment control system should be $24.5 billion in 2018.
Rates and so on are relevant. One is a single kilometre: the offer discloses an additional 3.5 million yuan/km or more, and an additional 1.5 million yuan/km or more, which is the lowest rather than the average; the other is 60% of the market share assumes a high iron market, and if you consider a flat iron, the public.
The urban track does not enter a large-scale renewal cycle in the short term: the control system update cycle is expected to be around 15 years, in the case of subways, it has not yet entered a large-scale update cycle, which is expected to start in 2023.
Between 2011 and 2018, urban orbital orbital investments increased from $162.8 billion to $547 billion in 2018, with annual orbital increases maintained.
The next two years are expected to be about 720 km of additional urban railing operations. By the end of 2018, the country had a total of 5767 km of actual urban orbital traffic operations and a total of 7611 km of active lines, which is 1.3 times the current operating mileage. We expect that the city track will be maintained in the next two years.
At the national level: orbital traffic: completion of investment (millions of yuan) and taking into account the normal release of high-iron replacement requirements in 2019, the rail control system in the field of railways will be in the next three years.
In one case, if high-iron replacement needs cannot be released between 2019 and 2020, the rail control system will benefit mainly from the additional demand generated by the peak of railway traffic over the next two years, the industry by 2018-2020.
1.4 Patterns: The technological maturity pattern is stable, and the status of the bunker continues to strengthen the system of on-orbit control at the global level, including the China Express, the Iron Academy, the brilliant technology, the control technology, the conglomerate technology, the Shanghai Electrical Thérèse, the Alston, Siemens, Japan and Bombardy.
The market for the transhipment control system, the China Express, is an absolute leader. According to the Chinese Express, it is revealed in the offer note: (1) High Iron: By the end of 2018, the China Chase High Iron Control System integrated project achieved over 60% mileage coverage; (2) Urban orbital traffic: the city accounted for about 40%.
The company’s decline in Maori rates in recent years is not due to increased competition. It is due to changes in product structure.
There are a number of aspects, such as R & D strengths, case stocks, whole-sector chain coverage, etc. (1) R & D guarantees, 100 per cent national production of core technologies, 1,421 patents in China, annual R & D investment (2), rich in cases, 19,000 km of high-speed rail control system experience and more than 40,000 tests
(3) All-industry chain coverage: the only company in the world that provides integrated services for design integration, equipment manufacturing, and systems delivery to in-orbit traffic control systems. By financial indicators, the net profitability of companies is much higher than that of companies in the same industry.
The net profit rate has remained between 9% and 11%, well above the industry average of 3% to 5%, and above China. Chart 18: The China Express is the leader of the transhipment control system, representing its annual net profit in 2016 for fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
ii. China Express: the leader of the transhipment control system, the company a+h, which is listed on the board of science, does business 2.1: concentrates on the orbital traffic control system, the former Ministry of Railways Communications and Signals Engineering Company, which was established in 2010 and the Hong Kong stock market in 2015, with a stock code of 3969.hk.
The main operations of the China Express are: (1) design, integration of systems of the Track Control System; and (1) design and integration of systems of the Track Control System.
Services and design consulting services for project construction; (2) equipment, production of sales signal systems, communications systems and other products: (3) system delivery, including rail control project construction, equipment installation and maintenance services: (4) general engineering contract.
Core products include: high-iron rail control systems (ctcs-3, ctcs-2), high-iron autopilot control systems (ctcs-3+ato), inter-city railway autopilot control systems (ctcs-2+ato), urban orbital traffic control systems (cbtc), cargo assembly stations integrated automation systems (cips),
The railway power smart operation maintenance management system, the integrated transport movement command system, the orbital traffic integrated security system, the medium- and low-speed magnetic suspended control system (matc), the modern tram intelligence control system, the computer locking system, the dispatch centralization system (ctc), and so on.
Equipment such as orbital circuits, answering machines, relays, turnovers, and downstream areas covering high-iron, urban orbital traffic, etc.
Figure 22: Four major businesses account for a relatively balanced share of clients, and client concentration continues to decline. The main clients are Iron General, guest companies, and urban orbital exchanges, with the top five clients falling from 58% in 2016 to 39% in 2018.
The atmosphere is linked to the cycle of investment and renewal of railways, and the oligarchic position is strong: (1) high iron: by the end of 2018, the company ' s high-iron control system had achieved a mileage coverage of more than 60 per cent of the winning line; (2) urban orbital transport: the city accounted for about 40 per cent.
China Communications Signal Group, a company-owned shareholder, holds 75 per cent of the shares, and the General Group accounts for 100 per cent of the National Treasury.
Figure 24: Orbital transport design integration services The company has a high bargaining power in the industrial chain. The company’s industry has a high market share, its client concentration continues to drop, and its upstream suppliers are dispersed, while we note that the company’s top and third clients are also public.
The division’s top two major suppliers, the industrial chain, bind each other, indicating that the company has a strong position in the industry chain. The top five suppliers buy less than 6% of the total.
Electronic devices, wires, cables, basics, non-ferrous metal materials, etc.
A number of factors, such as the extent, cost projections and pricing strategy, have been quoted.Figure 26: Client concentration continues to decline; past performance has been excellent; historical performance has increased without negative growth; net profit cagr = 22 per cent.
Over the past six years, corporate incomes have increased by 25%, net profits by 22%, and performance rates have been higher and lower as the marginal effects of new railway investments have diminished. Corporate incomes have increased at a more stable rate in the last two years, and income structures have changed or may affect the Māori ratio trend.
The exposure suggests that as the railway renewal cycle progresses, the share of income from new construction projects will decline, the share of income from new demand projects will increase, and the Māori ratio will begin to recover steadily as a result of a change in income structure. As of 2019q1, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate will be respectively.
The impact, net interest rate, is a slight decline. We judge that the reasons for the firm’s stable recovery in Māori are related to an improved order structure in 2018, with a higher ratio of railway operations.
The drop in the lubricant rate is not significant, mainly because the company has reduced its sales and management costs. We judge that the company’s cash flow pressure and the increase in its asset-liability ratio are related to two factors: (1) the overall low level of rail traffic from 2016 to 2017: (2) the company’s recent Bot and ppp projects
The share of total outsourced business income increased. 2.3 Peer comparison: overall better than industry, asset-liability ratio increased  we compared company roe, inventory-turnover days, accounts receivable-turnover days, asset-liability liabilities
Core indicators such as debt ratios, with companies operating as a whole sound and superior to those in the same industry. Roe is higher than in the industry: company Roe is between 12% and 14%, and higher than in the Chinese and Chinese sectors. Stock turnover is faster than in the industry: company stock turnover is between 40 and 60 days, which is lower than in the Chinese and Chinese cars.
116 days and 89 days of CS. We observed that the company's 2019o1 inventory turnover days were raised to 166 days, related to accounting standards, that 30 billion contract assets (completed and unsettled) of the inventory were separated separately, and that the share of contractual assets in the inventory was higher.
The working days of the accounts receivable are almost the same as those of the Chinese vehicles. The working days of the company and the Chinese vehicles are about the same as the 120 days of the working days. The corporate asset-liability ratio has been mentioned since 2017 as higher than the industry comparable.
Figure 35: China Chase inventory turnover days are lower than comparable company days
Five hundred and seventy-two issuers, executives, employees, and 636 million yuan in strategic sales, each of them for $11.1 million. We believe that the participation of the staff in the project is wide and that the sales are large enough to motivate the staff to work and further release growth within the company.
Figure 38: Future-oriented technology research and development for fund-raising projects. Third, the upgrading ratio has limited repression of Māori, and traffic peaks reflect a significant 45 per cent increase in the newly signed 3.1 railway bill, which will lead to a recovery in the overall Māori ratio of the company
In terms of income structure, the share of revenues from railway operations is 46%, and the share of Māori is 61%, which is a central driver of corporate performance, and we focus our analysis. At the income end: corporate revenues from railway operations began to grow slightly in 2018, but Māori rates declined.
The decline in the Māori rate was due to the impact of delays in the 2017 railway project bidding plan, which led to the delay in the annual railway project bidding plan, which led to a decline in the design integration income of the first half of the railway project in 2018, in particular the high Māori rate, which affected the Māori rate in that year.
The design mix is the largest of the company ' s Māori share, with a Māori ratio of 35 per cent and a Māori ratio of 33 per cent.
(b) 45 per cent of the new one was a forward-looking indicator of income, and in the light of the new one last year, railway operations benefited from a small increase in revenues from railway operations in 2018
Figure 44: Railways registered a 45% increase in new orders in 2018. For nearly three years, the share of income from new and upgraded projects in the operation of the transhipment control system has been 74% and 20%, respectively.
The rate of Maori to upgrade the orbital traffic control system is lower than that of the new project. In 2016-2018, the upgrade project was lower than the rate of 2-8 pct for the new project.
With the increase in the income share of the new project, the Māori rate is expected to pick up. In the first part, we measure the market capacity of the new and updated rail control system by 2025.
The share of new projects is expected to rise as the 10-year cycle of upgrading of the high iron control system begins. The share of future upgrades is expected to rise to 40 per cent.
The railway operations are divided into four electrical works and weak electrical works, depending on the manner in which they are tendered. The railway four electric engineers are divided according to whether or not they form a consortium during the bidding process.
The four-power engineering operations showed an overall downward trend from 2016 to 2018, mainly as a result of a reduction in high-iron projects due to the extension of the railway tender scheme in 2017, corresponding to a decline in revenues from the four-power engineering operations in 2018;
The relatively high share of low-speed electric engineering railways means that railway operations are relatively stable, benefiting from the 2020 target of 150,000 km of traffic.
Figure 48: The Māori share of weak power works is over 80%. According to the company ' s share statement, we split down the downstream operations of the China Express: railways, urban rail exchanges, overseas operations, and the general contracting of engineering.
Key assumption 1: Railway business portfolio revenue has been at a low level for the past three years, with new cars added  Key assumption 2:2018, where the ratio of system design integration to railway operations has declined by more than 5 pt. We expect the ratio of system design integration operations to be higher than 5 pt.
Key assumption 3: The Māori rate is expected to remain steady for nearly three years. On the one hand, the Māori ratio is stable as compared to the Māori rate as a result of the increase in the design of integrated operations and the increase in the share of company upgrades over the next three years, and, on the other hand, the cash flow of the Division is expected to improve, with the financial cost rate remaining at 0.2 per cent.
The Chinese are the leading equipment leaders in the world, and the French-renowned equipment company, Alston, is comparable. The Chinese Chase is listed on the Hong Kong stock market, and its valuation is also useful.
multi, ps (ttm) 0.99; Alstompe (ttm) 14; multi, ps (ttm) 1.43.
▪ The target of “1350,000” km of railway traffic is not as high as expected. The design integration ratio is not as high as expected.
▪ The need to upgrade and upgrade the rail control of high-speed rails is not as high as expected;  the risk of major accidents in railways or urban rails; ppp and bot projects are not implemented and refunds are not as high as expected; ppp and bot projects are held back by the cash flow of companies.