The global orbital traffic control system leads the analysis of the global orbital traffic control system solution provider. The company provides orbital traffic control.
Products and services in the entire chain of the system include: (1) design integration; (2) equipment manufacturing; and (3) system delivery.
Over the last three years, the gross interest rate has remained above 22%. The net interest rate has also remained above 9%.
In the area of high-speed railways, by the end of 2018, the company’s core high-speed rail control system covered the world’s top overall winning mileage. The Division completed a number of “China First” milestone projects, covering high-speed railways (with high-speed railways).
China’s high-risk railway construction and operation areas, such as the high-thirty railways (represented exclusively by the Hudongs), the high-field railways (represented by the Lansings), and the heavy-carriage railways (represented by the Qin Railways).
Clients provide orbital traffic control system solutions, while also providing a full set of equipment to raise funds for one-stop shops for customers from systems design, equipment manufacture, on-site supply, system commissioning, system delivery, after-sales services, etc. The current issue does not exceed 2,197 million shares, and the net collection of funds does not exceed 2.97 billion shares.
Funds are raised mainly for advanced and intelligent technology research and development projects, advanced and intelligent manufacturing base projects, information-building projects, and replenishment of liquidity. Railway fixed-assets investments are not as large as expected, and changes in corporate business structures have led to a decline in the Māori rate.
Since its inception, the company has focused on research and exploration of orbital traffic control system technology, working to provide the core of safe and efficient support for national orbital operations, which has become the global leading orbital traffic control system solution.
Vendors, with industry-led R & D and integration capabilities, provide clients with an industry-wide chain integration service for orbital traffic control systems. Companies provide products and services on orbital traffic control systems industry-wide chains, the main operations of which include: 1) design integration, mainly system integration services for orbital traffic control system-related products, and project construction for orbital transport engineering
For design and advisory services; 2) equipment manufacturing, including mainly the production and sale of signal systems, communications information system products and their related products; 3) systems delivery, including mainly construction, installation and maintenance services for the orbital traffic control system project.
Award, Beijing City Science and Technology Award, second prize, China Patent Award, silver prize, etc. 1.2. Corporate development history was established in 1953 as a former telecommunications signal engineering company of the Ministry of Railways.
Before the launch of the project, the shareholders in the company were the General Group of China, holding 75.14 per cent of the shares and the actual control of the company over the affairs of the State.
As our government continues to invest more in urban infrastructure, such as rail transport, companies take full advantage of the whole industry chain, strengthen high-end operations, deepen regional markets, keep up the number of orders for rail traffic, and drive firm growth in corporate business earnings and net profits. In addition, companies are actively pursuing a strategy around “one-size-fits-all, multi-faceted” to accelerate industry.
Structured and active in the development of new and emerging businesses related to orbital transport, such as trams, smart cities and electrical electrification, further charting Company 3 ' s business income for the calendar year, figure 4 ' s net profit for the parent for the calendar year
And 9.29 per cent, the net interest rate level has changed little. The decline in the Māori rate is due, on the one hand, to the decline in the Māori system integration rate and, on the other hand, to structural changes in income between the plates, namely, a low ratio of high Māori business income and a steady increase in the low Māori business income ratio.
Corporate operations are stable, with the largest share of orbital traffic control system operations. The company’s main business is orbital traffic control.
Orbital transport is based on fixed-line orbits, and passengers and cargo transport is achieved through dedicated orbital transport vehicles, mainly by rail (represented by general-speed railways, high-speed railways, etc.) and urban orbital traffic (represented by subways, light-tracks, trams, etc.). As the demand for orbital transport rises, various orbital modes of transport operate.
The speed has increased significantly, while the distance between trains has become shorter and the importance of transport efficiency and safety in orbital traffic has become increasingly evident. The orbital traffic control system, as a “brain and nerve hub” for orbital traffic, can ensure the safety of trains and improve transport efficiency in high-speed conditions.
2.1. The country ' s high-speed railways, with a mileage of 29,000 kilometres, are the world ' s first-largest in terms of other modes of transport. Railways, which have the advantage of having a wide coverage, a high volume of transport, a low cost of transport, a faster rate, a lower level of consumption and a higher level of safety, have long occupied a prominent place in the modern transport system of the country.
Since 2004, the medium- and long-term railway network plan, the medium- and long-term railway network plan (reconciled 2008), the 12th Five-Year Railway Development Plan, the medium- and long-term railway network (reconciled 2016) and the 13th Railway have been launched.
The rapid and sustained development of the railway sector has been promoted by a number of important programmes, such as the Development Plan, which has become a long-term strategic project for the sustainable and healthy development of the country's economy, with railways operating around 150,000 kilometres by 2020.
High-speed railways ranged from 30,000 km to around 90,000 km in the centre and west, with inter-city and suburban railways of around 2,000 km and feeder railways of about 3.000 km; recovery and electrification rates of around 60% and 70%, respectively; and the national railway network covered almost 200,000 cities with a population of more than 200,000 inhabitants, with a high-speed railway network covering over 80%.
The country's fast-track network, which currently has a “eight-and-eight” high-speed railway, is almost complete, and the backbone of the central-west road has accelerated and the integrated passenger transport hub has improved simultaneously. By the end of 2018, the country's railway was about 131,000 kilometres open, with a high-speed railway operating 29,000 kilometres, the number one in the world.
2.2. Urban orbital transport networks have emerged as one of the leading cities in the world, with urban orbital transport being an important component of modern urban transport systems and the backbone of urban public transport systems.
Projects have led to a marked improvement in urban transport, which has played an important role in the full functioning of cities, the improvement of the environment, the promotion of the economy and the development of the society, and the rapid development of the urban orbital transport industry. According to statistics from the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association, by the end of 2018, there were 63 cities with urban orbital links.
The network was approved, of which a total of 61 municipalities were planned for implementation, with a total of 7,611 km of planned lines. By the end of 2018, 35 cities in mainland China had completed the planned urban route, which consisted of a subway, light track, single track, city fast track, modern trams, magnetic floats,
Seven systems, apm and so on, form a network of more than 100 km in 17 cities, and urban orbital transport networks are now in the forefront of the world. The completion of capital investments in urban orbital transport in our country rose from 24,514 million yuan in 2003 to 2017.
5.40,967 million yuan, representing an average annual compound growth rate of 24.73 per cent. http://www.longone.com.cn to accelerate railway construction and ease long-standing railway traffic tensions, the Ministry of Railways proposed rail crossings in 2003
The main objective of the Viet Nam Development Strategy is to rapidly expand transport capacity and rapidly upgrade technical equipment, and our country has gradually increased the volume of investment in large railways. The country’s railway construction slowed down from 2011 to 2013, but investment in railways recovered after 2014, when it reached $808.8 billion in fixed-assets investment.
In the March 2019 government report, the target for railway investment in 2019 was set at $80 billion, and the construction of railways was divided in chronological order into pre-work, pre-station engineering, post-station engineering, and integration and commissioning.
On the basis of the assumption that post-station construction for the railway control system will be delayed by a certain period of pre-station work, investment in fixed railway assets will remain at over $800 billion for 2017-2019, and the market space for the railway control system industry is expected to be at a high level for 2019-2021.
2.3.1. The market capacity of the new railway control system is about 84 billion yuan or more. According to the Medium- and Long-Term Railway Network Planning (2016), the overall objective of the plan is to reach 150,000 km by 2020, of which 30,000 km are high-speed railways, covering more than 80 per cent of the major cities; further expansion of railways by 2025
The network covers 175,000 km of railways, of which 38,000 km are high-speed railways, which are better able to ensure economic and social development. By the end of 2018, we had approximately 131,000 km of railways, of which 29,000 are high-speed railways.
According to the above-mentioned plan, it is expected that between 2019 and 2025, the country’s railways will have about 44,000 miles of new mileage, including about 0.9 million kilometres of new high-speed railways. According to the company’s new railway control system contract, the cost of the new high-speed railway control system project is estimated to be about 3.5 million yuan/km or more, and that of the new high-speed railway control system.
The cost of the project is about 1.5 million yuan/km, and the market capacity of the new railway control system is expected to be about 84 billion yuan between 2019 and 2025.
The upgrading cycle also varies. The life cycle of the high-speed rail control system is generally around 10 years, while the life cycle of the universal rail control system is around 15 years, so that the market capacity of the railway upgrade is mainly affected by the mileage into the upgrading cycle.
In the area of railways, there is considerable scope for companies to upgrade and upgrade their operations in the future, for the following reasons:
The mileage of high-iron lines entering the upgrade period will grow rapidly; and secondly, in recent years the State has been strongly advocating for higher-iron intelligence management, and in the future the investment intensity of high-iron investments in the area of intelligence will increase gradually, with the established cycle of upgrades in urban orbital transport, where the transformation of urban orbital traffic control systems will generally be about 15 years but subject to it.
Limited to the relatively late period of large-scale development of urban orbital traffic in our country, and with relatively limited openings, the current market for upgrading orbital traffic in our cities is temporarily limited.The high-speed rail control system is estimated to be larger per kilometre, according to the high-speed rail control upgrade project implemented by the company.
The new upgrades cost about $2.5 million or more, while assuming that the new lines entered the upgrade cycle after 10 years in the year, the combined market capacity for high-speed railway upgrades from 2019 to 2025 was about $47.9 billion or more: according to estimates of the speed railway control system upgrades per kilometre, implemented by the Department of Public Administration, the rate of upgrades per kilometre
Between 2025 and 2025, the total market capacity for the upgrade of the general-speed railway was approximately $12 billion or more.The company provided products and services on the entire industry chain of the orbital traffic control system, with the main operations of: 1) design integration, including, inter alia, the provision of system integration services for orbital traffic control system-related products and the construction of projects dominated by orbital transport engineering
Design and advisory services provided; 2) equipment manufacture, mainly consisting of the production and sale of signal systems, communications information system products and other related products: 3) system delivery, mainly consisting of construction of the orbital traffic control system project, installation of equipment and integration of company design operations, consisting mainly of 1) provision of system integration services for orbital traffic control system-related products; 2)
Design and advisory services for orbital traffic engineering-based project construction.1 System integration services for the provision of orbital traffic control system-related products 1 System integration services for the overall integration of orbital traffic control-related core equipment for clients, including the provision of columns
Customized production of products related to systems such as control systems, ctc, computer links, orbital equipment systems; overall technical programmes for integration of multi-product systems, sub-system integration technology programmes, inter-system interface programmes, data processing programmes, software Integration programmes: laboratory testing: on-site commissioning: use training: later maintenance services.
Systems involved in the integration of corporate systems are mainly divided into railway control systems (ctcs-3 tier control system, ctcs-3+ato automated driver control system, ctcs-2 tier control system, ctcs-2+ato tier control system, ctcs-0 tier control system, etc.); urban track control systems (cbtc system, matc system, etc.); freight automation systems
(cips Integrated Stations Automated System, Camel Peaks Automated Control System, Heavy Truck Multi-Mechanical Control System, etc.): Movement Control Automation and Monitoring System (IMCO, Central Movement System, Railway Power Smart Operation Maintenance Management System, etc.): Communications Information System (IRCS, Integrated Passenger Services Information Platform, Specialized City Tracks, etc.):
In the area of wireless communications, etc., since its establishment, the company has completed a project on the integration of more than 50 railway control systems, such as the inter-Kingjin city, the Wu Guangghang Iron, the Jinjong Gao Tei, the Ha Gai, the Kunkong Iron, the LanZing High Iron, etc.: participation in and completion of the Hong Kong High Iron during the reporting period
In the area of urban orbital transport, the company has since completed the Beijing subway line 1, the upper Haitian line 10, the Chinese railway line 10, the Chinese railway line 10, and the Chinese railway line 10.
More than 110 municipal orbital control systems integration projects, such as the Beijing Magnetic Suspend Line 1 and the Beijing subway line 8, the Chongqing subway line 5 and the Upper Haitian Railway line 17; participation in and completion of 25 city orbital control system integration projects in more than 60 cities throughout the country during the reporting period; and the company ' s participation in 25 cities across the country as of the date of signature of this letter of reference
Over 90 integrated urban orbital traffic control system-related projects.2 Design and advisory services for orbital transport engineering-based project construction Engineering design services include, inter alia, selection and identification of major design options, completion of technology based on project specificities
Design of plans for programme and engineering works, calculation of major engineering equipment, engineering materials, general budget for engineering, consulting, etc. In the area of railways, the company has since completed the construction of the railway control system, such as the long-distance railway, the inter-Kingjin city, the high-Kingjiang iron and the inter-Shorian railway road: the sum of 400 million tons of railways were completed during the reporting period.
More than 190 railway-related engineering projects, such as the concret adaptation project; as of the date of signing of this offer, the company was involved in more than 500 railway-related engineering projects, such as the Monne Railway and the Jinjin Inter-City System Project.In the area of urban orbital transport, the company has since completed its work in Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Xiamen, Shenyang, Shenyang, Shenyang, Shenyang, and others.
More than 160 urban orbital control systems construction engineering projects in cities such as Changchun: more than 90 urban orbital-related engineering projects completed during the reporting period: as of the date of signing of this offer, companies were involved in more than 180 urban orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital orbital control areas are covered by products developed, produced, sold and maintained by companies, with major products including signals
Systems, communications information system products and other related products. Signal system products are key equipment and systems that organize the operation of the train, transmit traffic information, ensure traffic safety, improve transport efficiency, improve the working conditions of personnel, including, inter alia, station computer locking system equipment, control centres
Hardware equipment, such as equipment, vehicle atp equipment, orbital circuits, rbc equipment, cips equipment, turnover system equipment and answering system equipment.
Communications information system products are used mainly for railway transmission, railway data communications, station communications, station broadcasting, clockwork, mainly for railway integrated video surveillance system equipment, travel clothing system equipment, locomotive integrated wireless communication equipment, urban track
Hardware equipment, such as wireless communication system equipment for traffic and fibre-optic feed station low-field coverage equipment.In addition to signal system products and communications information system products, the company produces products that cover other basic areas of orbital traffic control industry, including, inter alia, rail and urban orbital transport trams, subway barriers, special cables and intelligence.
Hardware equipment, such as power systems. 3.1.3. Systems delivery. Corporate systems delivery operations provide client construction, installation and maintenance services for the orbital traffic control system project, master
In the area of railways, the company has since completed major railway lines such as Jinjin Intertown, Wu Guangghang Iron, Kyong Gae, Hu, Ko Ko Ko, Lanseng High Iron, Jin Shen Shen and Hung Hwang High Iron.
Control systems engineering delivery project; participation in and completion of more than 300 projects during the reporting period; involvement of the company in more than 100 projects as of the date of signing of this letter of description; delivery of urban orbital traffic control system engineering system.
Construction of the communications signal control system on the first metro in China, the 1st metro in Beijing, and participation in and completion of the delivery of more than a thousand orbital traffic control systems in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Guangzhou and Shenzhen: participation in and completion of more than 400 projects in 25 cities throughout the country during the reporting period; company participation as of the date of signing of this statement of interest
In 25 cities, there are more than 80 projects. Companies provide enterprise clients worldwide with an orbital traffic control system solution for the construction and upgrading of rail and urban rail traffic control systems.
The Department and its affiliates at all levels, as well as local orbital transport state-owned enterprises. In addition to the operation of the orbital traffic control system, the company also provides general contracting for engineering, including contracting for infrastructure works and related construction services. The main client groups cover a wide range of national and local government agencies, as well as their investment, management companies and their subsidiaries, large state-owned enterprises and foreign investors.
At the end of the year, the company ' s core products and services of the high-speed rail control system were covered by the world ' s top overall winning mileage. In the area of urban orbital transport, the company was the largest urban orbital traffic control system in the country in the reporting period, calculated on the basis of the total number of winning contracts.
The company has completed a number of “China First” milestone projects covering various areas of high-speed railway construction and operation in China, such as high-speed railways (represented by Qing Quantao), high-cold railways (represented by Qatai), high-altitude railways (represented by Qin), high-altitude railways (represented by Qin Railway), and heavy-carrying railways (represented by Qin Railway).
Participation in all major high-speed railway projects in China and in the resolution of all six orbital traffic control systems of established trunk lines.
Projects like 350km/h per hour break through technical barriers to companies’ entry into the EU and the global market. With a deep build-up in the orbital traffic control system industry, companies have developed significant pre-eminences and established industry dominance.
By the end of 2018, the company had 1,421 patents registered in China. The company insisted on autonomous innovation, making it a train.
Operational control core technologies are fully autonomous of 100% domestic production of intellectual property rights and products, and promote the formation of high iron, freight rail stations and automated control technology leading the world's practitioners. Companies are the focal points for Chinese orbital traffic control system equipment, technical standards and product standards.
Of these, 26 are national standards and 209 are industry-level standards; in the leading orbital traffic signal technology domain, the company compiles 12 out of 32 national standards and 150 out of 259 industry-level standards. Companies dominate the establishment of technical standards for the leading and cutting edge rail and urban orbital traffic control systems in China, such as ctcs, cbtc.
By the end of 2018, the company had accumulated experience in the construction and operation of more than 19,000 km of high-speed rail control systems, and the company's proprietary railway control system database had more than 40,000 test cases.
With the combined research and development capabilities and technologies leading the corporate world, the company has developed an autonomously owned orbital traffic control system core technology, which has acquired a system consisting of ctcs-3, ctcs-2+ato, ctcs-3+ato, cbtc, ceps, railway smart operating maintenance management system, integrated transport movement control system, matc, zpw-2000a orbital circuits.
A series of important scientific findings in the areas of equipment, integrated orbital traffic security systems, trams and control systems and platforms for the integrated management of smart cities have resulted in a wide range of applications of products and services in the areas of railways, urban orbital transport and the establishment of corporate leadership in the industry.
The ability of companies to provide integrated orbital traffic control systems that include design integration, equipment manufacturing and system delivery is the only enterprise in the world that can provide a full range of products and services independently of the entire orbital transport control system industrial chain.
The company’s outstanding design integration capability can provide customers with orbital traffic control system solutions, while providing a full set of equipment, ranging from system design, equipment manufacturing, on-site delivery, system commissioning, system delivery, after-sales services, etc.
Provision of one-stop service to reduce construction, operation and management costs for clients and to reduce the risk of compatibility of complex line systems. This business model enhances customization and provides a flexible mix of products and services for clients; it also fully leverages equipment manufacturing and systems delivery services operations, reduces marketing costs and provides a good basis for tracking maintenance maintenance and upgrading operations
The Iron Academy was established in 1950 as a high-tech enterprise with an overall function in scientific research, development, production, marketing and service delivery in the fields of science, technology and innovation, technical services, transformation of results, advisory supervision, testing certification, and signalling technology, with an information system.
Integrator and service-level qualifications. Founded in 1993 as a supplier of automation and information technology solutions. Currently, the company has over 3,500 employees and operates both within and outside the country. The company ' s operations are concentrated on industrial automation, orbital transport automation and medical automation.
Control technology was established in December 2009 to provide efficient, reliable, low-energy orbital traffic control and life-cycle technical services to the public, covering basic cbtc systems, multi-signal connectivity systems, goa4-level fully automated systems, etc.
CBS was founded in 1999 to provide global orbital transport solutions, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly solutions, and single crystalline silicon materials manufacturers in China, with an energy-efficient and environmentally friendly business model based on intelligent traffic plus an operational model with operational services at its core.
(5) Shanghai Electric Thérèse, Shanghai Electric Electric, was established in 2011 and co-financed by Shanghai Electric Group Ltd. and the Thérèse Group as a new Chinese-controlled high-technology enterprise focusing on urban orbital traffic signal systems.
International competitor situations (1) Alstom Alstom is one of the major suppliers of components, systems and services to the global infrastructure and industrial markets.
Westgate operates in more than 200 countries around the world, focusing on electrification, automation and digitization, and its business model.
The siege covers a wide range of areas, from rail and road traffic operations control systems, to power-wiring, to urban track, regional and main line traffic vehicles, from airport logistics to postal automation. Japan is a global 500-strong, integrated multinational group from Japan, starting with the design and manufacture of railway vehicles.
Management, surveillance, information services, maintenance to railways and airport management controls, etc., providing a full range of traffic solutions (4) Bombardy Bombardy provides aviation products and services in the area of the market for official, commercial and special aircraft, while at the same time providing comprehensive coverage
Railways and orbital transport solutions, covering 27 countries/areas.
The company ' s operations are mainly divided into a track control system, a master engineering contractor and other operations, and we are using false pretences for the three operations 1) a track control system: the company ' s main business, including design integration, equipment manufacturing, system delivery services. The composite growth rate for 2016-2018 was 9.35 per cent, or more than 70 per cent, and the next three years will be the peak of the drive.
The demand for orbital traffic control systems will also continue to grow, and the new State-specific debt regulations support the priority of the transhipment industry, and we judge that the business will grow faster in the future, assuming a breakdown of the business at a combined rate of 10.74 per cent, and (2) total engineering contracting: mainly for capital projects and related construction services, such as trams, smart cities, etc.
In 2016, the share of income rose from 19.32 per cent to 28.82 per cent, we judged that the company was “predominant, multi-faceted” to 0.15 per cent. Under the country's regulations, the company's reduction in matters not related to its main business, coupled with a very small share of revenue, we assumed zero future revenue.
Taking into account that the company's trade is railway equipment, the main business of Chinese Chinese vehicles and Chinese technology in the industry is similar to that of the company and comparable to that of the company, we treat Chinese vehicles and Chinese technology as the company-to-business. According to our profit projections, the company's net return to its mother in 2019-2021 was 37.15, 42.70 and 4,946 million yuan, respectively, taking into account the science.
The investment in fixed assets in railways is not as large as expected and changes in the corporate business structure have led to a decline in the Māori rate.Appendix: The projected value of the three major statements, all of which are presented in this report for reference purposes only, does not constitute an investment proposal for customers, not as a sale, subscription to securities or other
In inviting or assuring financial instruments, it is recommended that clients should consult with independent financial advisers if they have any doubts and make their own investment judgements. In the case of any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Where permitted by law, the company’s affiliated institution may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies covered by the report and may be providing or seeking to provide multiple financial services to those companies, and the company’s affiliated institution or person may be able to read and read by the households, employees and institutions licensed by the company between the publication of this report.
The rights in this report belong to the “East Sea Securities Co. Ltd.” and no one may reprint, copy, publish, publish or quote this report without the written authorization of the company. The East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., a legal securities operator authorized by the CSRC, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Investors at large would be monitored and reminded that involvement in securities-related activities should carefully select securities operators with considerable qualifications and be careful to guard against illegal securities activities.