Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Center Stone Technology (688169.sh) Buying (first rating) Three dimensions of rock technology's global competitiveness
Europe’s market, with a strong deep placement dividend in the sea: technological innovation drives land-cleaning industries to grow in size, and Chinese brand technology has outpaced overseas leaders and is expected to lead a new round of industry growth. Companies open overseas markets with high value for money for their products, and are well placed in the European region.
Visible. Land sweep penetration rises with certainty, and according to our calculations, the United States and Europe were around 17% in 2025. The European region has a better pattern of competition, the main battleground for future Chinese sea sweeps, and we appreciate the company’s continued performance growth under the pre-eminence of the European region.
The product sector builds high core barriers based on arithmetic advantages, and the diversification of the layout adds to its performance: the company's genetics are strong, it has maintained high levels of R & D inputs over the years to keep technology ahead, and it has achieved several breakthroughs at the industry level. The advanced dimension of the algorithm is the company's core technological barriers.
The market is vast, and is expected to be the second growth curve in company performance. The odm is transformed into a brand with a rapid increase in profitability, accelerating the completion of the short marketing board: the company is small rice.
By acting as a substitute, the creation of their own brands and the expansion of their product categories have been gradually completed, with high rates of income and profits maintained, company net interest rates and roe significantly higher than comparable companies. Complementing marketing short panels will help to leverage the company’s product advantage and drive income growth.
26x, 20x. Given the clarity of the long-term penetration rate of the sweeper, the company has accumulated technology, with Sherry-in-law looking to continue to lead the high-quality track of supply-driven demand, fully benefiting the fast-growing dividends of the industry.
The penetration rate is not as high as expected; R & D is new and products are not performing as expected; overseas markets are not expanding as expected, and maritime capacity constraints affect companies' overseas sales; exchange rate fluctuations risk; stock restrictions risk release; and equity price change risk associated with stock build-up.
1. Competitiveness from the sea: a European market with high depth layout dividends 1.1. Quality supply pulls demand, and Chinese brands lead a new round of growth.
The history of ground sweep robots dates back to 1996 when the Earth's first global ground sweeper, the three leafworms, was released, the early ground sweeper, was expensive, and randomly cleaned the route, the clean-up was poor, and randomly collided working patterns were prone to damage to the furniture and the machinery itself, so the rules were set.
Smaller models. In 2010, the US brand Neato pioneered laser radar and slam (real-time positioning and mapping) technology for ground sweepers, opening an era of global planning for ground sweep robots, leading to a qualitative increase in product intelligence. After that, the continuous upgrading of supply-side products led to demand growth, and the application of visual navigation in 2015,
In 2020, the Chinese brand Coworth and Stone Technology led multi-sensor integration technology-driven industry began to expand. In 2020, the global sales of 1,388 million robots increased by 12.2% compared to the previous year, and the Chinese land sweeper brand has managed to catch up with its leaders abroad, leading the product at this stage.
It was a pioneer in the global land sweep industry, once a technology leader, who for many years insisted on high research and development investments to develop visual skills. But, as far as technological routes are concerned, visual technology, while it is large in space, is long and slow in terms of research and development, particularly in the ground sweeper, where the experience of visual navigation products lags significantly behind that of laser navigation products for many years at this stage.
There are no major breakthroughs in the irobot visual technology and high product pricing. From the benefits of the engineers’ dividends and the huge domestic consumer market, Chinese brand products have grown rapidly in innovation, and continue to upgrade and diversify their products around consumer demand.
The t7pro navigation technology uses laser radars to integrate visual sensors, and the product’s intellectual experience is far greater than that of irobot. In terms of market share, the irobot’s global share has been squeezed by the Chinese brand, which has declined significantly in the last three years.
In 2017, the global share of irobot was more than 60%, and the advantages are clear. In recent years, China’s brand has accelerated its journey to the sea, leading the market with product power. In 2020, the global cities of Cowos and stone technology accounted for 17% and 9% respectively, an increase of 6 pct and 8 pct, respectively, compared to 2017, while the share of irobot fell from 62% to 62%.
Depending on the utility and value of the product, the offshore sweep robots have developed earlier, but the penetration rate is still low. The offshore sweep robots commercialized earlier than China.
The beginning of commercialization, and it was not until 2009 that the first product, "Treastal Treasure", was launched by the Chinese Land Cruiser's leader, Kowals. We chose the main countries abroad, measuring the total number of households in 2020 and land sweepers in 2016-2020 on the basis of total sales, with penetration rates of less than 10 per cent for each country, including 9.8 per cent for the United States, Germany, Japan, and 9.8 per cent for the United States of America.
The cost of clean-up is lower for households abroad, which are predominantly smoked and sweeped, and for those with poor intellectual experience. In Europe, where carpets are the main floor material, Japan has a long-standing lawn culture, and hence the clean-up needs of families abroad.
At this stage, the vacuum cleaners are positioned to be light-clean, lazy, less effective than the vacuum cleaners, which are limited to ground cleaning, and the wireless vacuum cleaners can be adapted to multiple scenarios by replacing their heads. In addition, the use of the vacuum robots is subject to house-style restrictions.
The price of field-scanning robots is higher than the price of wireless vacuum cleaners, and the conversion costs of opting for a sweeper are too high for off-sea consumers who have achieved full penetration of vacuum cleaners. China’s excellent sea-scanners are expected to lead to an increase in overseas penetration.
Upgrade, product value increases further, smarter, and to the maximum extent possible to free hands, ground robots in overseas markets are bound to accelerate the replacement of vacuum cleaners. 1.2. Products and channels are held, and the company’s share abroad is rising rapidly.
Companies continue to push overseas deployments, and the European region has a better pattern of competition, with significant efficiency gains. In terms of regional distribution, the main markets for sweepers include North America, emea (mainly Europe) and Asia and the Pacific, with sales totalling about 95% of the global market in 2020.
In terms of competition patterns, the North American market for land sweeps has a double oligopoly pattern, with local firms, irobot and shark, remaining at around 93%, creating a local monopoly. The Chinese brand, Kovos, has seen a small increase in market coverage in North America in the last three years, from 1%, 3%, and 3%, respectively, between 2018 and 2020.
The market in North America, which is monopolized by Sherk, is more fragmented in the European region, there are no strong local brands, and the Chinese land sweep brands are easier to open. There has been a marked increase in the share of companies in the market in the emea region, from less than 1% in 2018 to 9% in 2019 and 14% in 2020.
High-value products, with an emphasis on overseas expansion, are fundamental to the company’s rising share of overseas markets. We compare the new flagships of international brands, and the company’s combined scores in cleaning, recognition of barriers, automaticization are on the first ladder, with prices significantly lower than those comparable to Corvos and irobot.
By the end of 2016, companies began to lay out offshore markets, entering cross-border power suppliers and off-line distribution channels through cooperation with distributors such as Muming and Purple.
Since 2018, a major effort has been made to develop self-employment channels, actively setting up online b2c platforms such as the United States Amazon and overseas indigenous distributors to complement existing channels to cover more regions. Future companies will continue to focus on developing markets in the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia.
Companies in the United States are based on direct sales in the Amazon: in Europe, Japan, and South-East Asia, sales are driven by a combination of front-line distributors with local core retail outlets. Overseas incomes are growing rapidly, accounting for more than 70% of total revenue in 2020.
According to our estimates, corporate income from abroad was over 70% of total income in 2020. The higher pricing of overseas products is about 1.5 times higher than the domestic premium of the same machine, which further boosts the profitability of companies.
Twenty-one years have been constrained by maritime constraints, and the rate of increase in external sales has slowed. Since the beginning of the year, shipping freight has continued to rise, capacity has been strained, and corporate earnings from external sales have declined. 21H1 exports received $1.26 billion directly, compared with 124.1 per cent in the previous year, a significant slowdown over the same period.
As the global epidemic is brought under further control and maritime margins are more certain, corporate externalities are expected to recover from 1.3. Space measurements: the global market for ground sweeps is vast, European regional dividends are prominent, as the price of ground sweeps rises, consumer education delivers, and penetration is clear.
It's a four-year cycle. The penetration rate rises: from 5 to 10% of the penetration rate, based on electricity per capita.
The number of households is assumed to be small in the United States and the European region, and the number of households in the United States and the European region was reduced to 2.0 in 2010-2021, Germany and Sweden.
According to our calculations, US and European balanced sales are expected to reach 81.6 million in 2025, and firms are going out to increase their sales, considering not only the market space, but also the pattern of competition. The European region has not yet seen strong local brands and a better pattern of competition, which is the main battleground for China’s future maritime competition.
Companies have a strong competitive edge in the European region, and the results of years of layout have been shown, with rising penetration rates of overseas ground sweeps expected to lead to further growth in corporate performance.
2.1. Arithmetic constructs the key barriers that have increased market access since the clean-up of the New Plumbing Market, companies have excellent R & D and technology genes, and maintain high R & D inputs to maintain technological leadership.
A majority of the company ' s staff consists of R & D personnel, and the core technical staff are technical experts with many years of experience in R & D from Microsoft, Hwa, Intel, Arm, Nokia. In 2020, the company spent 260 million on R & D, with a continuous build-up of R & D inputs and a cumulative investment of 310 million by the third quarter of 2021.
Figure 14: The company has excellent R & D and technology genes.
Elf apps, Microsoft, and so on, end product design experience, algorithms and software development.
Jang Ji-soon, Chairman of the Supervisory Council, and Representative of the Staff Supervisor, was the head of the team of technologymanagegroup experts.
• Has served and served as a product manager; has a prominent hardware research and development capability; has a strong core team experience; and has a strong research and development capacity
In designing the company's products, the founder, Chang-kyung, fully integrates the past product design experience, accurately locates smart sweep robotics, the product design team, and gives users a good use experience through real-time graphics and sweep path displays, which enhances the intelligence of sweep robots.
It is mainly composed of former Microsoft employees, who have more experience in algorithms and software development. In the case of the logo, it is mainly responsible for the development of embedded operating systems for smart hardware equipment, system architecture, software, and algorithms.
In China, which is primarily responsible for the development of smart cellular products, the entire hardware development process of smart hardware products has been dominated, including such important components as architecture design, product validation and testing, and production-line design. Project management is largely composed of former Chinese, Nokia, and Fuscant employees, with considerable experience.
In China, which is primarily responsible for the development and delivery of some of the smartphone products, full-time leadership includes conceptual design, planning, manufacturing, globalization, the number of research and development personnel is 382, accounting for 56 per cent of the workforce, the average remuneration of research and development personnel is 530,000 yuan, and about 32 per cent holds a postgraduate degree, as we reported in our recently published industry report, “Current patterns of cleaning appliances in terms of product groups, brands and two dimensions”
Historically, the public authorities have accumulated deep and forward-looking technology in the field of land sweepers. In 2016, companies broke the technical barriers of intelligent perception and algorithm planning to experience upgrading and high value for money to drive industrial breakthroughs.
Innovation has upgraded the ai dual-sighted avoidance + lds laser navigation program; 3d dual-line structure light +ai avoidance strategy in 2021, applying drones and autopilot technologies to sweep-out barriers and driving industry-wide algorithms are the company’s core technical barriers. Land sweepers can be seen as vacuum cleaners + algorithms + sensors.
+Arithmetic integration, which is fundamental to the performance enhancement of the ground sweeper product, core algorithms (e.g. slam algorithms, ai navigation algorithms), data roots, computing capabilities are the key barriers to the industry. The floor sweeper builds the home type map through the slam algorithms of sensors like laser ranging sensors, inertial measurement units, etc.
Repositioning it on household maps and planning intelligent and efficient clean-up paths through the ai algorithms can be effective in avoiding leaks and scavenging. The company is already in the forefront of the industry in algorithms, and the algorithms overlap depending on the server end for continuous in-depth learning and algorithm optimization of network product data, and later for a short period of time.
In terms of product performance, the company's products perform better than the competition in route planning and avoidance. According to a first-instance evaluation, rock g10 has the best navigational performance, the path is uniform, and the app shows the path of the sweeper in real time. This can be done in terms of avoidance.
Accurately identifying barriers and painting circles along the edges of barriers. Chart 17: Stones and technology g10 route planning and shielding capabilities are superior to competitive ones.
In 2017, the company launched its own brand-owned land sweeper product s5 and became visible quickly with laser-plus-trawling modules. In 2019, the flagship aircraft t6 was significantly optimized in algorithms and navigation. In 2020, the launch of t7pro was the first global product to use the ai-twice recognition barrier. In 2021, the series of t7s was equipped with 3d architecture.
At this stage, consumers are more aware of the function of the sweeper than they are of performance, and the absence of the previous period has led to the company's clean-up.
The share of the market has declined. Since the cleaning function solved the hand-washing problem of robotic work, the release of hands, the rapid increase in the self-cleaning rate of land-cleaning machine products, with 73.2% of sales on the uni-month line in November 2021, an increase of 51.4 ptt. The blackhorse whale launched its first product, j1, in late 2019.
The market was opened quickly with the first-ever “clean-up” technology, which once outperformed stone technology, with other firms following suit to speed up their own clean-up. The company did not launch its first product until August 2021.g10, but the price of the product rose further, and the first price was $399.
From the market performance, the company’s market share has increased steadily since the launch of the clean-up product in August, with sales on the single-month line in September-October accounting for 14.7%, respectively.
2.2. Diversified product layout, land washing machines becoming the second growth curve The product is strong, the product line layout is perfect, and the diversified layout enhances the company ' s performance. Through technological accumulation and branding influence in the field of land sweepers, the company speeds up the layout of land washing machines and commercial cleaning robots, the current product
The vast market space for land washing machines is expected to be the second growth curve in company performance. In a recently published industry report, "A two-dimensional pattern of cleaning appliance competition from product categories, brands " , we compared the mainstream.
In terms of parameters, the company’s new u10 washing machine, launched in August, is no less efficient than it is. In terms of market performance, the company’s sales on-line market for land washing machines in October is 4.9%.
The commercial robot industry is at an early stage of development, and companies are well-developed and well-developed in the area of commercial cleaning robots, which are expected to benefit from the industry’s growth dividend. The commercial cleaning robot is an extension of the application landscape of land sweepers, with higher requirements for road planning and shielding capabilities in more complex mega-scenes.
The former company ' s commercial cleaning robots have completed a small batch of tests and have been tested in several partner client sites and accepted by the client. According to the Euro100 million think tank, commercial cleaning robots will be the focus of the growth of commercial service robots in the coming years, with industry expected to reach 74.91 billion in 2025 and 2020-2025.
3. Basic scenario: global clean-up robotics leading firms, with rapid growth 3.1. History and equity structure: STI companies outside the mini-rice ecological chain.
The company was founded in July 2014 and received investment in rice in September 2014, becoming an ecological chain company. The company was an early miller, and in 2016 launched its first product, the rice house sweeper robot, which quickly opened the market with the advantage of high-value prices and rice.
In 2017 and 2018, autonomous brand brands were introduced, and small brands in low- and middle-end markets were created. From the start of the work, companies gradually developed their own branding and product-type expansion, and in 2020 they were listed on the Science and Innovation Board.
The first equity incentive scheme was introduced in the month, with lower prices and higher performance targets.
There are a wide range of incentives, with 203 persons, or 33.3% of the total employees of the 2020h1 company, with a higher proportion of ordinary employees except directors, managers, and core technicians. The implementation of the equity incentive program will help to improve team stability and ensure the company’s future operations.
Figure 24: Inclusive equity incentives contribute to team stability The core content of the incentive programme The number of shares awarded: 57,560 restricted shares awarded to the incentive audience, about the size of the incentive scheme at the time it was signed
0.86 per cent of the total share capital of the division Total number of incentives for 203 persons, including 5 directors and senior managers, 4 core technicians and 194 others
Performance evaluation targets: based on the 2019 home-owned brand sweep robotics collection, companies 3.2. Financial analysis: odm transformed autonomous brands, with rapid increase in profitability $3.83 billion, an increase of 28.4 per cent from the profit level, with companies achieving net profits in 2020
Quarterly net profit of $1.02 billion, an increase of 13.0 per cent.
Out-of-country, with the highest levels of overseas direct Maori. According to company offers, 44.0 per cent of overseas gross Maori was higher in 2018 than the sales through export dealers such as purple light, which were 41.0 per cent, intra-brand sales of 38.6 per cent, and the rice model of 16.8 per cent.
The company's “deprived rice” has been very effective in recent years, with the higher sales of Maori brands rising from year to year, reaching 90.7% in 2020. In addition, overseas operations have continued to expand at a rapid rate, with our estimates of offshore revenue in 2020.
More than 70% of total revenue. More intensive self-build channels are being developed through channels, with 21h1 direct-camp channels accounting for 53.5% of total income.
Dupont's analysis of Roe is significantly higher than comparable companies, with net interest rates being the main driver. In 2020, Roe was 31.9 per cent, and in the same period Coworth, irobot, 23.0 per cent, 20.2 per cent, the core reason for the higher Roe is that
The core of the difference in net interest rates lies in the system of sales. In contrast, the core of the difference in profitability is the sales system, where the cost of corporate sales was 13.7 per cent in 2020, compared to 21.6 per cent in Kovos and irobot, respectively, during the same period.
In the early years, the company was a miller, with lower sales costs as a result of synergies with the millet. In recent years, the company has gradually expanded its sales channels on and below the line, increasing its marketing inputs, but the level of inputs is still lower than that of comparable companies. In 2020, the cost of company sales was 620 million, up to the third quarter of 2021.
In view of the impact of the launch, the officials announced that they had become brand spokespersons and that the costs of advertising and marketing had increased significantly. According to online monitoring data on the Ovi Clouds, they had achieved 240 million yuan in sales during the week, representing an increase of 200.6 per cent in the ring, an increase of 158.9 per cent over the same period.
Subtract and off-shore distributors, platform service fees and commissions have increased significantly. Complimentation of the marketing board will help to maximize the company’s product advantage and generate income growth. Chart 35: Composition of the cost of marketing stone technology (billions of dollars)
The strategic transition has seen a decline in the stock turnover rate and a narrowing of the gap with comparable companies. According to the company’s offer, the rice model of the company uses a production model that sells ordered products and does not require large-scale stock preparation, so that the stock turnover rate is higher.
The company’s bargaining power over distributors is greater than that of millet, and as the ownership ratio increases, there is a significant increase in the turnover of accounts due. And the company’s pre-payment policy towards distributors has led to a significant increase in accounts receivable.
The company’s main products include smart sweeper robots and hand-held cleaning appliances (wireless vacuum cleaners, land washing machines). The market is wide, overseas, and a Chinese sweeper with excellent performances accelerates out of the sea.
It is expected that the city’s share will increase steadily. At the profit end, the company is expected to stick to high- and middle-end brand positioning, and the Māori rate is expected to increase further as the product upgrades.
The company speeds up the marketing shortboards, and the sales cost rate is expected to increase; R & D costs and management costs are expected to benefit from the scale effect. Coworth, polar technology, as a comparable company, has an average of 36 times the pe in 2022.
The period penetration rate rises in a clear space, the company accumulates technology, and it is expected that high-quality end-uses, which drive demand, will be weak and the penetration rate will not rise as expected. The penetration rate rises over the long term in the ground-scanning industry, with limited growth in the number of users of the ground-scanners and a higher market size in the face of weak end-uses.
The company’s research and development inputs are high, and the results are uncertain. The market is highly competitive, head brands are fast-paced, and there is little difference in product performance in the first echelon.
Under the circumstances, marketing and channels are essential to the performance of sales. Companies are not marketing at the same level as Corves, and sales of products may not be as high as expected.
Irobot has a strong share in major overseas markets, such as North America and Europe, and corporate growth in overseas markets can be limited. Revenue size is directly affected by maritime constraints.
East (Dindy, Goldman Sachs, Shining) proposes to reduce total shares by up to 2.037 million shares, or no more than 3 per cent of the total stock of the company, by means of a centralized competitive bid or large-scale transaction.