Industry factors, such as double-barrel, led to a significant increase in the cost of prescription drugs sales, the impact of the rise was reduced on April 30, 2018, and the growth of corporate performance recovered steadily.
Juddji I. Events: company sales revenue of $3.38 billion in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 37.59 per cent over the previous year;
Realization of the net return to the mother, 423 million yuan, an increase of 12.87 per cent in the same year; deduction of the net return to the mother, 391 million yuan, an increase of 10.70 per cent in the same year; and performance in line with expectations.
In the first quarter of 2018, the income end grew at a higher rate than in the previous quarter of the year.
37.59 per cent, or 3,380 million yuan; as a result of a two-vote shift in the way prescription drugs are sold, the cost of a company ' s sales increased by 71.68 per cent per quarter over the year, resulting in a net profit increase for a company ' s parent less than an increase in income, 2, 2017: a three-quarter review: high income
Rapid growth, with net savings on sales costs,1 the consumption uplifting-driven OTC sector, which is not regulated by the price of drugs, but also with certain consumption attributes, is gaining entry into the country.
With the expected performance of 3,217 semi-annual reports, the otc industry is facing growth opportunities in terms of higher prices and higher concentration, in the context of a general upward trend in costs. Huao Yun’s branding advantages are clear, heterogeneous, wide access, and public consumption is on the rise.
The Department's self-diagnostic area is experiencing a period of rapid growth in performance. Corporate income from clinical work increased in 2017 over the previous year. Target 2017: “Increased efficiency and innovation”
In the context of the strategic development of self-diagnosis, in addition to strengthening the advantages of the “999” brand otc drugs, the company built up the otx brands and the big healthy dietary nutritional supplements, which led to the overall upgrading of the otc to the self-diagnostic guides.
In the area of products such as the Great Health Supplement, the company launched a series of vitamins, minerals, etc., with a “two-vote” series, which led to a change in the way prescription drugs are sold, leading to a significant increase in the cost of marketing. In the area of prescription drugs, which is mainly influenced by the “two-vote system”, the company's drug sales have changed passively, leading to a change in the company's income.
We believe that the company’s sales adjustment, which has been phased out in response to the “two votes” policy change, is expected to contain sales costs reasonably in the future and to release profits gradually.3 The Māori rate has increased slightly, but the cost of sales has risen significantly, leading to a decline in net interest rates on a par.
Higher than the growth in corporate income; management costs of $217 million, an increase of 28.70 per cent over the same period, and management costs of 6.42 per cent, which is lower than the figure for Māori, net interest rates and cost rates of companies
Brand companies, one of the industry’s leading players, have clearly benefited from industrial integration and are expected to further strengthen their advantage in covering such areas as cold, skin, gastrointestinal, childhood, and cough control. In prescription drugs, companies have increased their productivity through the M&A industry.
The market at the end of the otc market is lower than expected, and the distribution of prescription drugs in China is lower than expected. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited has a portfolio investment advisory.