In the first half of the year, performance grew, and resistance to the cycle was highlighted - the semi-annual evaluation of the Great Metallurgical Steel (000708), 2019, is now attributed to the parent company ' s net profit of $297 million, an increase of 15.02 per cent over the same period; the profit margin for sales is realized.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a two-fold increase in sales, optimized product structure, and increased performance of the company’s efficiency bearing steel, which grew faster, with both medium- and high-end tube bearing steel, while the volume of steel sold in cars remained strong and to some extent supported steel sales.
The proportion of high-end varieties has continued to rise, with 1,434 million tons sold in the first half of the year, 258 per cent in the same year for stainless steel, 128 per cent in the same year for high-temperature alloy sales, and 155 per cent in the same year for priority customers. Prices of large raw materials such as iron ore, scrap steel, etc. have increased in the first half of the year.
Larger, companies are focusing on market changes and, in the face of rising production costs, are effectively contributing to the growth of corporate performance through a comprehensive procurement strategy that controls the total volume of resources and inventory, exerts pressure on procurement costs, and reduces consumption.
The Sino-China special steel plate will be put on the market collectively, and the Sino-Sino-Sink company will be able to move further. The company will issue shares to buy the Shunt steel. 86.50% of the equity will be granted conditional approval, and the Sino-Sink special steel plate will be placed on the market as a whole; Upon completion of the reorganization, the listed company will produce 13 million tons of special steel, which will be the largest in the world.
Large, most product-scale, specialized steel-producing enterprises. With high profitability, firm performance will continue to grow steadily after entry in 2019, and valuation advantages are expected to be further highlighted.
In Beijing, in the 28th of the West Side Street of Peace, the Hengsheng Building of the Shanghai, China, China, and Fukuda, Shenzhen, the 6th tax-free trader.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.