Production and sale of two large stacks of landings supported performance, and acquisition of sermon steel (000708.sz) and high-quality steel projects contributed to development
Dollars, 3.78 per cent increase in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $294 million, combined with a decrease in the cost of (i) production growth, driving the growth of company performance
In the first half of the year, the steel industry, Wu Jianjun, lost about 30 per cent of its profits in the same year, owing to higher iron ore costs and faster growth in steel production, but the company relies on the deep-cultivated steel industry, which sustains the Māori rate.
At a higher level, performance continued to rise at a rapid rate. During the reporting period, the company’s main business continued to be in a state of high sales, producing 1,223 million tons of steel, an increase of 8.68 per cent over the same period; 1,264 million tons of steel were sold, an increase of 8.28 per cent over the same period.
The sale of stainless steel has increased by 258% over the same period, the sale of high-temperature alloys has increased by 128% over the same period, and the sale of priority customer bearing steel has increased by 155% over the same period.
The company’s main product, spring steel, bearing steel, and carbon-structured steel, fell by 6.70%, but the Māori rate was favourable. At the same time, the company adjusted its original fuel procurement strategy in a timely manner to lower the cost of purchasing, set energy mitigation targets, combined power consumption of tons of steel fell by 9.51% on a year-on-year basis, and electricity was refined at the furnace plant.
Consumption was 4.86 per cent lower than last year, while the consumption of fuel gas from the processor ton fell 7.8 per cent over the same period, while steel cost fell to $4,243 per ton, a decrease of 4.8 per cent, which underpinned the rapid growth in the performance of the Department, with q2 achieving a profit of $208 million, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period.
(ii) The high demand for special steel plus the lower cost of iron ore, which supports the industry’s climate The special steel industry has a more visible industry characteristic of marketing, downstream demand pull-up and high technical barriers. The downstream sector of the special steel industry is dominated by high-end manufacturing, including wind, wind and wind power.
Orbital transport, mechanical equipment, molds, etc., applications in space, nuclear power, aviation aircraft, marine petrochemicals, semiconductor chips, etc., which support the emerging strategic industries, will produce about 10% of the total steel production of special alloys in the future industry, which is unique to my country.
Production of 3.315 million tons of alloy material, or only 4% of the crude steel, is significantly below the global average. The demand for steel will increase in the future as industrial structure is optimized and national production is substituting. In 2018, our priority steel industry will be 120 million co-produced steel.
Tons, up by 606.2 million tons over the same period in 2017, a mere 5 per cent over the same period, below the overall steel production increase. Special steel imports increased by about 20 per cent for the second year in a row, with special steel imports of 4,0446 million tons in 2018, an increase of 19.03 per cent over the same period.
Inadequacy, which supports the price of steel, coupled with the return of iron ore to a reasonable price, industry profits are expected to stay steady and maintain a high profile. (iii) The construction of projects such as the acquisition of Xinchent steel and high-quality model steel will underpin the company’s future growth base.
On 26 July, the CSRC obtained conditional approval for the reorganization of the company’s acquisition of the Xingxian steel, and if the restructuring goes well, the Sino-China steel plate will be listed as a large-scale super-strategy company with annual production capacity of 13 million tons of thong steel. The main business of the Xianxian steel is similar to that of the company, mainly in the production and sale of axle bearing steel and gear steel, and the domestic market of high-standard steel bearings is overtaken by events.
Over 80 per cent, the steel market for auto parts and components is more than 65 per cent, tons of steel is more profitable than listed companies, and the level of Maori is higher than the level of profitability and profitability of companies. 30,000 tons of high-quality model steel projects have now completed 75 per cent of their work progress and are scheduled to be launched on a trial basis by the end of 2019.
The company’s new product development in the first half of the year was 187,000 tons, or 15.45%, and the production lines, such as the construction of the middle pole line II, the upgrading of the special smelting product (phase I), were built for the company’s future construction of steel bearings through railways, shield bearings, steel bearings, etc.
Research and development on high-end bearing steel, such as high-end wheel bearing steel, have further developed the basis for new customers and products. Companies have been given a clear strategic orientation in the acquisition of high-quality steel and new high-quality super-strategy expansions, benefiting from downstream industry landscapes, higher gas levels and lower iron ore costs, which have been instrumental in supporting the price of steel and company performance, high-end downstream demand, and national production trends.
With rapid growth, the release of its performance will be stabilized. Companies are steadily acquiring high-quality assets, such as steel and high-quality model steel, and the company’s restructuring and expansion projects are not as productive as expected.