I'm on my way. I'm on my way. I'm on my way.
Special steel events with a global coverage of a variety and product categories: company ' s 2019-h1 performance with 1,264 million tons of steel sold during the reporting period, producing enterprises.
The net profit for steel, steel for rotors, high-temperature alloys, high-speed tool steel is $294 million, an increase of 15.02 per cent over the same period.
The company has achieved a two-fold increase in sales during the reporting period, with 121,230,000 tons of raw materials, for example, in the manufacturing of weapons, rail transport, and sea navigation, aviation and steel, an increase of 8,68 per cent, and 1.2,640,000 tons of steel sales, an increase over the same period.
187,000 tons in product development and 1,434 million tons in product sales for the "3 new projects" in rods, with an increase of 258 per cent in the same year for stainless steel, 128 per cent in the same year for high-temperature alloys, a significant increase in the same year for ultra-intensity steel, and a similar increase in sales of steel bearings for priority clients such as Shefler, Temkin, Skf, etc.
During the reporting period, companies adjusted their original fuel extraction strategies in a timely manner to lower procurement costs, set energy reduction targets, and reduced their combined power consumption of tons of steel.
9.51 per cent; the refined electricity consumption of the furnace plant was 4.86 per cent lower than last year, the gas consumption of the processing unit ton increased by 5.82 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the operating cost of the ton of steel was reduced in real terms by 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis to achieve a 15 per cent increase in the net return to the mother, while the net profit of the entire steel industry was expected to decline in the first half of the year.
The company plans to use the stock distribution path to buy 86.5% of the share of the steel at a price of $23.1 billion. The high standard of steel steel has over 80% of the domestic market, and the steel market for car parts has over 65%.
Steel is more profitable than listed companies. According to the latest financial audit published by the company, the net profit was 1.63 billion yuan in January-April 2019, with a net profit of $465 per ton per year of 10.5 million tons of steel, an increase of $55 per ton over the annual average value of 2018 and higher than that of listed companies.
Tens of tons of highly specialized steel-producing enterprises with considerable influence on the global scale and class of goods, with both scale and co-efficiency, can significantly increase the profitability of companies.
Big Metallurgical Steel (000708).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Big Metallurgical Steel (000708); Reverse growth in performance.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, the research assistant in the investment of Sky-Eye real estate industry will present an overview.
Ph.D. in Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, 2015-2018, product development and research work in bountiful steel, in-depth understanding and research of the products, technologies and production of the steel industry, and accession to the Eunghing Securities in May 2018.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.