The company published its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved operating income of $638.6 million, an increase of 3.78 per cent over the reporting period, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $294 million, an increase of 15.02 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, corporate reversible production was booming, effectively opening overseas markets became a new growth pole in performance \triangleright tons, a 15% increase over the same year. The growth in corporate sales abroad was largely due to the active expansion of South-East Asia, South Korea, Australia, and the South-East Asia region.
High-end steel product sales have grown rapidly, with high premium rates supporting a sharp fall in profits in the second quarter. Companies earn 3,357 million yuan in the first quarter of the second quarter, an increase of 6.71% over the second quarter of last year, and the ring over the first quarter.
The net profit from the single season is 208 million yuan, which is 26.02 per cent more than in the second quarter of last year, and the ring is 141.8 per cent more than in the first quarter of this year. The net profit from the second quarter of the company has grown considerably, confirming our previous judgement on the resistance to the cyclical properties of the special steel product. The company continues to optimize its product structure and improve its high-end varieties ratio.
Heavy. During the first half of the year, 1,434 million tons of products were sold in the "Three New Projects" market, and the high end of the market, with a sharp increase in the variety of tools and steel used for drilling, high-end bearing steel, high-end gear steel, high-power piped steel, model steel, etc., and further consolidation of the market position and market occupancy rates of the dominant varieties: exercise materials.
High-end model steel has been developed, moulded steel, stainless steel exercise has increased by 258 per cent, high-temperature alloys have increased by 128 per cent, super-intensity steel has increased significantly by the same year, and major clients such as Shefler, Temkin, and Sskf have increased the sales of axle bearing steel by 155 per cent.
After the merger restructuring, where the product structure and production sector is ahead of schedule and profitability is expected to grow, the company will be enriched with a total capacity of more than 13 million tons of steel, and the company will be in the vanguard of the industry. In addition, the company is going to be involved in the bankruptcy of the Gros seamless steel tubes, and the company will be in a position to take part in the restructuring of the company.
In the first half of 2019, the company’s high-efficiency bearings grew faster, the middle- and high-end tube bearings increased, and the use of steel in cars, in a context of conflicting supply and demand, remained strong and strongly supportive of steel sales. High-end manufacturing was validated.
The demand for steel products is supported and the company’s future profitability is expected to continue to grow.iii. Profit prediction and investment recommendation 1. Large smelting steel depth report (000708): high end systems
2. Big smelting steel (000708) annual report: corporate surplus
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Wang Suketung (Certificate of Practice: 80100516001), consultant (investment), senior engineer, first-level builder.
In May 2017, Liu Yang (Certificate of Practice: s0101,18050012), Master of Financial Engineering, Imperial Institute of Technology, and in 2018, he joined the Civil Security.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.