Sinjiyama Evidence Hensen Electronics (600570.sh) Financialit Core Suppliers, Cost Optimization Releases Profit
In 2022, companies took the initiative to seize the market opportunities created by the upgrading of financial sector figures and to achieve steady growth in operating income, while being subject to capital market fluctuations.
As a result, fair value change gains have declined significantly, with an annual loss of $165 million, a decrease of $580 million in the same year. The net profit after deduction of 20.90 per cent is mainly due to the cost of corporate control, income increases faster than costs, core business, and brand competitiveness.
Circulation a/total equity (billions): 24% and 43%. Companies are more competitive with brand names in the core trading system for securities brokering, buyer investment management systems, and ta systems.
Financial science and technology continues to be invested, and i technology leads. In the idc financial science and technology ranking in 2022, R & D accounted for 52%, and R & D inputs and R & D led the way.
Lightdb, based on open source pg, is evaluated through three credible databases of the Institute of Information and Communications Technology; in combination with front-line technology, explores applications in financial fields such as investment, research, marketing, etc. On 24 February 2023, the Department and its affiliates grew into the first ecological partners to explore the generation of the iPhone.
At the same time, the company is pushing ahead with its employee-share scheme, facilitating the implementation of the 2022 employee-share scheme and the equity incentive scheme, and further consolidating and strengthening the incentive mechanisms for the business teams and core cadres.
Companies have established high operational barriers in financial science and technology, allowing companies to benefit from the capital dividend and policy benefits in the financialit industry, and product research and development innovations provide a driving force for the long-term development of companies.
From 2023 to 2025, the net return profit was 1.721 billion yuan, 2,066 million yuan and 2,413 million yuan, respectively, as a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.