Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) non-repatriation net profits are significantly higher than previously disclosed by the company's performance forecast and higher than expected.
During the month, the major companies were affected by the epidemic in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and sub-operations, with a rapid increase of 28.0 per cent throughout the year.
Businesses, insurance cores and infrastructureit operations, with revenue growth of 5.05 per cent over the same period, consist mainly of some of the previous large retailit and banking operations.
In terms of the Māori rate, there has been a small increase of 0.5 percentage points. 4. In terms of the cost rate, sales costs have been optimized by 0.66 percentage points.
The management costs of the Division are well controlled, and this has a significant impact on the net return profits and growth of the company.7 Cash flows from operating activities have increased by 19 per cent over the year, which is higher than the profit growth rate.
8. Detailed calculations show that the first half of the year ' s share payment cost affected $9.238 million; the depreciation amortization fee began to be calculated in the second half of 2021; and the depreciation amortization of the 2022 additional costs.
The rate of growth shows that the company’s cost control has been effective. The budget has increased by about 18% over the same period.
We believe that, with the 2023 outbreak recovery, companies are expected to continue steadily; financial innovation continues, o45 continues to grow in the company’s performance as a result of financial innovation. On the other hand, the combination of ai technology and securities it is expected to reflect in the company’s innovative business.
Financial innovation has not advanced as expected; the epidemic has had a negative impact on corporate signatures, project implementation, revenue recognition; the capital market landscape has declined; and the regulatory risks that business innovation may entail.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.