The year 2022 was marked by a remarkable cost-control effort, with a large number of research assistant Wang Shijie withholding a net profit of $1,144 million from his mother, an increase of 20.90 per cent over the same period. Performance is in line with market expectations.
▪ Cost control has had a significant effect, resulting in a rapid increase in net profits not attributable to the parent: the company's 2022 return has continued to grow, with emphasis on controlling costs, with revenue growing faster than cost.
See, in 2022, the Great Retailit business generated 1,535 million yuan, an increase of 9.53 per cent over the same period, and development opportunities such as industrial innovation, which were well developed, with its core product uf3.0 and some of its modules, new and online customers all year round; the wealth managementit business combined more than 100 new clients, supported by more than 100 new clients.
In terms of asset management, the income growth rate is faster and the income structure is more diversified.
On this day, the full registration reform was officially launched, and the financial institution's int system is expected to bring a wide range of city spaces. In terms of letter-making, companies start from hardware, operating systems plus databases, intermediates, and operations.
Quarterly review: Recovering the boom, cost, appliance-level acceleration of the appliance of the product, development of a national production database based on open-source pg. In February of this year, the company's Helium Conglomerates became the first ecological partner to be active.
Explore the application of generation-ai technology and the financial core business scenario, enabling the number of financial institutions, E.H. (600570): Mid-2022: Performance is expected to improve in the second half of the year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: 2023, full registration, credit creation, multiple catalysts in the ai industry, attention to full registration landings and human effectiveness
Three major financial forecasts for Hensen Electronics have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of a securities investment advisory board.