Computer software development, release of new items to consolidate the financial ai lead, stock buyback to show confidence in future development event: 28th of November, company first repurchase of shares in a centralized bid trade
On the 28th of the 26th day, the Hensen Electronics and Flag Subsidiaries' Heining Source of Heinnessy Finance was officially launched, based on large-language modeling techniques, the Financial Intelligence Assistant Mitsuko and a completely new, upgraded intellectual research platform, warrenq. In addition, the Heinrich Electronics Industry has a large model.
For the first time, lightgpt also showed itself and published the latest developments in research and development.
1) Warrenq, a new generation of investment openings. Warrenq is a platform of specialized integrated investment tools for investment scenes launched by the Helium Community, enabling "searching, reading, calculating, writing" of process scenarios, and Warrenq has launched two ai tool products.
Total equity/flow (million shares) - warrenq-chatNochatminer. 1warenq-chat is achat product in a financial vertical area, using large models
A 12-month maximum/minimum (mode) search and central source financial database, with dialogue instructions, provides easier access to financial transactions, information and data, and each of the dialogues generated supports back-to-back and ensures that sources of information are available
Helium Electronics (600570) "q1 performance increases, retrospectively, and financial professional statements can be generated, making it easier to achieve "one million words." Multiple factors contribute to sustained growth in the future.
2chatminer is a financial document excavator, built on large models and vector databases - 2023/05/03, which can be interpreted quickly and provide precision in accordance with user dialogue instructions
The E.V. (600570) is a big growth in people, a search for and positioning, extraction of key information, effective integration and refinement of information, slowing down, and new product extension and cost control support the future.
Or expand, intelligently process big text data. Photon -- 2023/04/022), financial intelligence assistant in the big model age.
Selection, capital market enablers - 2023/02/02, technology connectivity, application connectivity, data security compliance and instantaneous issues, in the layout of large-scale model products technology ecology, photons are a chain of “general tool chain plus financial plugins”
Tools + financial data + financial business scenes.
3) Lightgpt, a big model for the financial sector. Lightgpt has a more professional model training approach to financial accumulation processing and more efficient and stable use of over 400 billion tokens of financial domain data (including information, bulletins, publications, structured data, etc.) and over 400
Billions of tokens in language-enhanced data (including financial materials, financial manuals, government reports, legal regulations, etc.) are used as a secondary pre-training material for large models to support fine-tuning of the 80+-economy mission directives.
Financial large model capabilities assessments, such as RTs, ultra-long text-processing capabilities, multi-model interactive capabilities, code capabilities, etc., all show good performance, ensuring the safety of content and command compliance. Lightgpt has a richer and lightly quantified deployment that supports privatization/clouds deployment.
Financial institutions can use lightgpt to customize large-scale models through task data in their private domain to create a model of corporate exclusivity to meet individualized needs.
Although there are a lot of large model products, we believe that the publication of the present al-Ai product is still of great importance in the vertical field of finance. 1) Model dimension: there are many universal models that have their own limitations in the financial sphere.
For example: (a) the financial sector has a high demand for the content and quality of the responses, and there are significant gaps in the generic large model through open data training; (b) the financial sector has strict compliance regulations, and strict requirements for model generation content and data security; and (c) many institutions use large models for private deployments, for example
The weight of the fruit parameters may be poor if they are not of sufficient mass, and if they are of high volume and high costing. These pains are a hindrance to the application of large models in the financial sector. Constantly based on current open-source models, working with large commercial models, etc., absorb their high-quality results and use their own accumulation over the years.
The heavy industry knowhow, the advantages of high-quality data, etc., makes autonomous R & D innovations to complement its financial landscape. Lightgpt is a large model product that is especially relevant to the financial sector, and its publication is expected to accelerate the spread of large models in the financial sector.
2) Application level: based on specific business scenes and strong regulatory compliance in the financial sector, there is a low tolerance for errors, which may affect the rhythm and breadth of the financial model application. The two products, Hensenwarnq and Photons, offer very specific applications.
, and when applied, combines search + Large Model + Pool,chatminer with bottom key technology such as document + vector database + Large Models, reconciling the flaws of some of the current large model applications. For example, up-to-date real-time data capture is achieved
The financial ai leadership is being consolidated. He has been officially launched since 2014, with over 20 artificial intelligence products and the creation of nlp, ocr, cv, knowledge.
(b) And, for vertical large models, the importance of a wealth of industry experience and deep business understanding, as a financial integrator with a multi-year market share lead, is self-evident.
The big model of lightgpt finance industry and the financial intelligence assistant Mitsuko and a completely upgraded intellectual investment platform, warrenq, have made a huge breakthrough at both the model and the end of the application, further consolidating their financial ai leadership.
Repurchase shares demonstrates the company’s confidence in its future development. On June 28, the company implemented its first repurchase of shares in a centralized bid, amounting to 100,000 shares, which represents the company’s current total stock.
The three-year Information Security Upliftment Plan (2023-2025) encourages the promotion of a new generation of core systems with 7 per cent of the average operating income, conditional voucher dealers, and the rapid growth of financial innovation and the continuous upgrading of the digital transformation of the financial sector.
On the one hand, new products such as o45, uf3.0 have been introduced rapidly, and the online case has been introduced continuously, which is expected to accelerate the release of profits and the enhancement of human effectiveness. This, in combination with the cost of repurchase of the shares and the company’s fundamentals, is more reflective of the public.
Investment advice: a company is a well-deserved leader in finance, and in the current era of large modeling, the Division issues products to consolidate its financial a priori leadership, its fundamental external development environment.
In the interests of the economy, the growth rate of its own personnel is slowing, costs are effectively controlled, profits are being realized gradually, and corporate goods are being promoted less than expected: increased competition in the industry.
The launch of the new product consolidates the financial ai's leading position, and the repurchase of shares demonstrates confidence in future development.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.