Strong growth in revenue, good cost control, Hensen Electronics (600570.sh) 2022 annual report point assessment of robust growth in operating income, with a focus on cost containment
In 2022, the company achieved operating income of $6,502 million, an increase of 18.30 per cent over the previous year; the net return resulted in a significant decrease in the earnings from changes in the fair value of the financial assets held by the company over the same period of the previous year: a reduction was achieved, the business strategy was adjusted in a timely manner, and the revenue growth was accompanied by a focus on controlling the cost of the costs.
Net cash flows from operating activities amount to 1,138 million yuan, together with deeper reforms in beneficiary capital markets and rapid growth in major capital-management-it operations. In 2022, capital market reforms continued to deepen and a range of policies, such as full registration, were in place.
Individual pension-related policies, creation of the market, optimized bond transactions, etc... Large retailit operations achieved revenue of 1,535 million yuan, an increase of 9.53 per cent over the same period; securities core product uf3.0 and some of its modules: new and online customers year round, wealth management core product 5; consolidated treasury 6; and public fund-raising
In total, more than 100 new clients, including clients, have managed to access seven of the top clients of the personal pension business. The Big Manager's business earned 2,805 million yuan, an increase of 27.97 per cent over the previous year, and the maturity of the O45 product has been further enhanced, 16 clients have been on the line throughout the year, and a new generation of business solutions have gradually been implemented.
In the year 2022, when the company ' s research-Hongsin Electronics (600570/sh) was approved, 100 new clients were registered.
Innovative Internet operations are growing robustly. Overall acceleration of ICT product appliance work. 2022.11.03.
In the middle, the new generation of intelligent products such as warrenq, the Smart Clouds Investment Platform, has been launched to achieve annual additions. Annual report reviews: solid growth in harvests, sustained growth in core products. 120+ households; breakthroughs in several products of cloud technology, such as the Fusioninvest and esop systems.
The first client is on the ground. In the area of innovation, the company has implemented four principles of security, autonomy, control and stability, with full acceleration in terms of hardware, operating systems plus databases, intermediates and business fit-out.
On the basis of open-source pg research and development, three credible databases of ICAC have been evaluated online. The army has accompanied the rapid development of China’s capital markets, and the financial-it industry has reached a high growth cycle.
The Department's research and development inputs are higher and fully costed, net profit rates are lower, and ps valuation methods are applied. Over the past five years, downside macroeconomics have affected the risk of downstream customer input; financial science and technology policies have fallen short of expectations; new product R & D and market promotion have fallen short of expectations; industry competition has increased and overall profitability has declined.
Figure 1: The Ps-band author of Hensen Electronics for the past five years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.