"Digital Intelligence" of an enabling finance, and the future of the financial poles can--the E.H.I.C. (600,570.sh) incident review.
Hensen Electronic publishes its annual report for 2022: a year-round business income achieved in 2022
This represents an increase of 20.90 per cent over the same period.  Controlling the cost of this reduction has shown that the investment in research and development has continued to increase and the digital transformation of the financial sector has accelerated in 2022, with companies actively perceiving and controlling it.
In 2022, real operating income stood at $6,502 million, an increase of 18.30 per cent over the year; achieving a net return on the mother's profits was higher than the cost. In terms of profitability, the company's Māori ratio in 2022 was higher.
1.85 pct, 0.24% (+0.26 pct), of which the effect of corporate cost control is evident, the increase in the financial cost rate is mainly due to the company's current exchange loss and interest rate increase over the same period of the previous year.
The Division is at the forefront of both the number of R & D personnel and the investment in R & D costs, benefiting from policies such as the digital economy, financial innovation, registration, etc.
The company is one of the leading players in the domestic financial sector, focusing on the financial sector, mainly for clients such as securities, futures, public funds, trusts, insurance, private funds, banks and industry, and transactions, so it offers one-stop financial science and technology solutions, as well as new and emerging industries.
For 28 years, the industry has been a leader in corporate products and technology, strong brands, and has been on the top 100 list of financial technologies for 15 consecutive years, with growth in 2022. Looking ahead, the digital transformation of the financial sector continues to escalate, and financial trust continues to grow.
Thanks to policies such as accelerated promotion, full registration, individual pensions, etc., the financial-it sector will be able to benefit fully from the opportunities it offers.
Intelligentity will be a central force in changing the financial industry over the next decade, and technology will be the driving force behind intellectual change, bringing the re-engineering of scenes, processes, management, and productivity.
Technology has become an important technology variable. It is expected that by 2030 the entire financial industry will have achieved a number of intellectual upgrades. The company has been working on the strategy of "digital intelligence," with the creation of the Academy 's technology in 2016, and the affiliates ' s constant concentration.
Access to the Words, plans for future integration of technology in the whole field of investment, investment, marketing, customer service, operation, wind control, etc., to provide financial institutions with a full-scale view of human and industrial intelligence solutions and services, and to continuously assist financial institutions in their intellectual development.
At a higher level, the company, as the leader of domestic finance, will move ahead in the future in a number of intellectual waves where policy advances and implementations are less than expected, industry demands are less than expected, risks are less than expected, firms are not expanding their products, industry competition increases risks, macros are higher than expected.
Computers and small- and medium-sized trades introduce company research. Areas of excellence include cloud computing, cyber security, artificial intelligence, Xingyang: Master of Economics, Huadong Teacher Training University, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.