Vertical application/software development/computer constant electronics high-profile IT+ Internet innovation performance. The national epidemic was reversed in 2022.
The company as a whole has been growing faster as a result of the recovery of the q4 infection peak. Among these, the major capital management business is the core engine of growth, generating a total annual income of 2,805 million yuan, the largest contribution to the camp (43%) and maintaining a high rate of growth (27.97%) and core product .45 throughout the year.
There are 16 clients on the line who have increased their maturity, and many new products have been distributed well. The Internet is a new business that is growing at only one-on-one speeds more than the total, with 954 million yuan in operating income for the year, an increase of 18.64%.
Controlling costs is a year-round proposition. Companies achieve 73.56% Māori sales, an increase of 0.58 pt compared to last year, before the three major business portfolios Māori (+0.12 pt) at 85.55 (+0.12 pt) and Māori Retail.
Of the companies listed in the computer industry that have issued periodic reports, companies are among the few that compare their R & D costs vertically with the C & D principle, and lead the industry horizontally. Compared to this, their R & D inputs have increased slightly, by 9.68% compared to the previous year; 2022
The level of input and the number of R & D personnel are still far ahead of the industry. The number of R & D affiliates in 2022 was 7016, or 52.07% of the total number of companies; the share of company product technicians was 73% of the total number of companies.
Xiaoming City's Qingming City's Qingming City Quantico 2 West Road is very rich, with an overall upward trend, ranking 24th in 2022. (Study of the Company last year: Hensen Electronics (600570) -
• Policy drivers: capital market deepening reforms (full registration) + digital China (number of industries - leading financial int track, innovative capabilities highlighted + financial innovation). A range of financial policies in 2022, such as full registration, individual ageing, etc.
The deepening of the market will continue, with the full registration system officially in place at the beginning of the year, and the entire industry will continue to grow.
In addition, under the “digital China” main line, the financial number transformation + financial innovation will release downstream demand and sustain high performance growth in 2023. Biannual reviews: Helium Electronics (600570).
Technology-driven: Access to the language, the ai-enhanced, intellectually upgraded. Company in the ai-tech side - multi-optimal management, post-epidemiological performance repair period _ Ma morning_202.08.29
There's a long way to go, exploring the business lines of ai empowerment. At the moment, the constant conglomerates have first accessed a hundred languages, actively exploring the application of aigc to a financial core business scenes, bringing the results of 100-degree-long smart dialogue technology into a financial technology product under a permanent electronic flag.
A good future for aigc technology is on the ground in the commercialization of the financial scene. Technology-driven, companies are leading the financialit industry, and will fully enjoy the benefits of the industry’s development dividend.
The downside of the macroeconomy has led to a reduction in the input of information for downstream customers; a tightening of regulatory policies to curb financial innovation; increased competition in the sector; and a slower pace of product and technology upgrading than expected.
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: