Subtract efficiency gains are beginning to yield results, with full embrace of new opportunities for industrial development 25.45 per cent of permanent electronics (600.570.sh); net profit from non-repatriation of $1,144 million, an increase of 20.90 per cent over the same period; and operating activities
In 2022, in a context of poor macro-impacts, companies took the opportunity of a digital transition in the financial sector, and companies realized revenue.
In 2022, the company’s six major business plates increased by a factor of 1.535 billion.
Data risk and platform technology int generated $450 million, an increase of 12.49 per cent over the same period; business, insurance core and infrastructure int in the amount of $558 million, an increase of 5.05 per cent over the same year; Internet innovation in the amount of $954 million, an increase of 18.64 per cent over the same period; and non-financial operations in the amount of 18.64 per cent.
19.6 million, an increase of 19.83 per cent over the same period. Large retailing and major capital management, as the two core companies, together accounted for $4.34 billion, or 67 per cent of the company ' s total revenues; the two core businesses showed significant performance during the reporting period, including: (1) Large retail operations: the core product uf3.0 has already been traded.
Bonds, flotaires, merchants, Shanxis, Fangzheng securities, etc. are being built in partnership with a number of new and online customers throughout the year; uf2.0 services have been specifically approved by clients and product quality satisfaction has increased. (2) Large-scale management operations: core product o45 matures into one.
(a) Increase in the number of clients on the line throughout the year, with the full swap of large accounts for the self-employment of Chinese securities;
Financial institutions have continued to increase their investment in it, adding to capital market reforms, bringing together new opportunities for industrial development. In recent years, financial institutions have been increasing in response to the digital transition and enhancing their competitiveness.
According to the Chinese Association, in 2021, the total amount of interest and interest technology invested by industry-wide securities companies was $33.820 billion, an increase of 28.7 per cent over the year, representing 7.7 per cent of the revenue from 2020 operations.
In addition, in January of this year, the Sino-China Institute of Securities Inc. made a total investment of $16.1 billion, an increase of 22.93 per cent.
The three-year Internet and Information Security Enhancement Plan (2023-2025), which explicitly refers to building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, encourages qualified dealers to invest an average amount of information technology in the next three years, not less than the average net profit.
With regard to capital-market reforms, on 17 February this year, a comprehensive stock-issuing registration system was introduced, and its implementation would involve, for example, a bond-accounting system, a centralized trading system, and so on.
With a multi-factor drive, industry demand may remain strong, and companies are expected to move into a new cycle of growth. Profit forecasting: looking ahead to 2023, companies, as industry leaders, are expected to continue to benefit from finance.
\triangleright Wordization and the industrial development dividends of policies; at the same time, corporate control fees are beginning to bear fruit. Zheng Xiang, Computer Research Assistant, Master of Business Administration, Beijing University, Bachelor of Management, Wuhan University, joined the Sunda Securities Research in July 2021
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.