Permanent Electronics (600570) Computer q1 income growth robust year-round profit elasticity period South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: company performance reports issued in the first quarter of 2023, with 23q1 generating $1.13 billion, an increase of 10,000 yuan, an increase of 386.1 per cent in the same year, with profit ends showing bright performance, combined wealth and management technology accounting for 47.8 per cent, and innovative business performance under new calibres. 23q1 Company
Realignment of business classification, new classification of wealth technology/management technology/operation and institutions science/risk and technology/data services/innovation/enterprises, insurance core and financial infrastructure science and technology, respectively, with 2.8 per cent return to wealth and financial infrastructure, with a robust growth of q1 with a combined revenue of 47.8 per cent; and innovation
The 22-year-long surge in business 23q1 is composed of the Yunin Network, the Cloud Holdings, the Clouds Network and four subsidiaries in Shanghai, each with a forward-looking approach to innovation, Hong Kong, institutions and algorithms transactions, and we believe that the company’s high profile of innovative business is expected to become a new growth pole in the future.
• The cost side continues to improve and profit elasticity is accelerated by reforms in the registration system. 23q1 Māori ratios are -2.02 pp to 68.3 per cent, and net profit rates are 24.83 pp to 19.8 per cent higher than year-on-year, and based on modest cost pressures, the significant improvement in net profit margins is mainly due to: 1) 23q1 investment returns and fair value changes
In addition, according to grass-roots research, registration involves a conversion cycle of about three months for the main board system, and it is expected that most of the revenue and profit gains for the company from registration will be reflected this year, and profits will be realized.
At present, the domestic component of financial manufacturers pre-draw large financial pitfall models, which are based on open-source models, have been adopted.
The industry know-how and financial-language-related data-training model accumulated by financial-it providers: considering data security issues, future financial-it providers are expected to provide maas services to financial institutions based on ai-technology. We believe that companies are the industry’s technological leaders: they have been working in the field of financial-it for more than 20 years.
Financial know-how accumulates deeply; and affiliates are home-grown providers of financial and industrial data, have specialized data and metadata deposits and are expected to become industry-led producers of large-scale models.
1. Long-term electronics (600570). Large-scale capital □ continuous brightness. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
In the future, capital market reforms and financial innovations will fully benefit from the dividends of downstream demand expansion; in parallel, companies will continue to expand their operations through M&As and move to international initiatives such as: supermassive models of financial pitfalls; technology paths will become clear; companies will be expected to become the leading producers of large models of financial pitfalls in the industry, me.
Permanent electronics (600570): voucher vendor technical input thresholds and expected risks; risk of fluctuations in fair value of financial assets, etc. At the top of the tide, persistence remains “severe” (2022-12-03)
Helium electron (600570): q3 over-expected profit, policy-catalyzing trend positive (2022-10-28) Helium electron (600570): management of IT collection continues
The q3 efficiency gains will go to Novo and will not result in any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.