Chu's announcement that net profits grew by more than 60 per cent throughout the year, corresponding to net profits of 4q18
Seventy-six per cent continued the high growth rate of 3q18, while companies maintained a better level of operating and net profit rates, performing better than their counterparts. Looking ahead, consumer electronic innovation continues, and companies act as connectors, acoustics, and antennas.
The future benefits are expected to be long-term. In addition, the company’s operations will continue to generate revenue of $3.36 billion for communications and automobile-related purposes, an increase of 63.7 per cent for yoy, a total profit of $3.32 billion, and performance of yoy’s division at the centre of the performance forecast. The corresponding 4q18 company will earn $13.6 billion.
Youy grew by 52%, reached 1.07 billion yuan, and youy grew by 76%, maintaining a fast-growing trend. In terms of operating profit and net profit rates, 4q18 companies earned 10.2%, an increase of 1.2 percentage points over the previous year, roughly the same as 3q18, leading to a net profit rate compared to the previous year.
Over the same period, between 1.1 percentage points and 7.9 per cent were achieved. Against a backdrop of relatively weak mobile phone markets, the company's “old customer, new product” approach was well implemented, the share of the apple chain continued to rise, and the contribution of the incremental amount of acoustic, motor, wireless charged products provided an impetus to the growth of the company's performance, reflecting the company's performance.
The number of incentives reached 1,899, covering directors, executives, mid-level and core technical cadres, and middle-level and core technical cadres, which incentivized the share in the total amount awarded.
93.69 per cent. We believe that the programme has a wide range of incentives, which will greatly motivate staff and further raise the issue of high corporate management efficiency and positive impact. Profit forecasts: given the wide product line coverage in the company ' s apple industry chain, single phones are for the public.
The Division ' s overall impact is relatively limited, and new products such as airpods continue to grow at a high rate, and we expect that corporate consumer electronic revenues will continue to grow faster in 2019, while communications, automobile-related products are expected to grow at a high rate of more than 50 per cent and the company is expected to grow at a higher rate than 50 per cent.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.