Quarterly reports continue to be over-expected, and sophisticated production of the champions continues to be strong, 28/03/1920: the company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2019 to realize a net return to the mother of $566-632 million.
This is a 70-90% increase in the same year, with three consecutive quarters exceeding expectations. 1 is a low-season consumer economy, with a 70-90% increase in the company’s net profit from the same year, mainly as a result of: 1) a higher-intellectual-clothing industry
In the second half of 18 years, the company has been able to move into large clients, with 19q1 increasing rapidly; and 3) communications, data centre business categories, with an expanding share.
The strength of sophisticated manufacturing is strong and profitability continues to improve: firm precision manufacturing is strong, new products are imported, improvements that can be rapidly enhanced through better management and better product rates, productivity efficiency, and strong safeguards for the continued expansion of future product groups.
▪ Benefit 5g and smart wear, with precision to make the best of the best: smart wear products that are represented by airpods, watch, with ease and good sports and health experiences, are popular with consumers, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from high-speed growth in the delivery of their products.
The base station and the data centre have well-structured customers and products, and the future growth of dynamic energy is strong. Moreover, we believe that the worst times in the mobile phone industry have passed, and with the release of 5g mobile phones, the new rotation cycle is about to begin, and large clients are warming up under price reduction measures, acoustics, and so forth.
There is also room for a higher share of the same product, such as the share of motors, with mobile phone-related operations continuing to grow at a higher rate, benefiting 5g, driving precision manufacturing, and leading to a new cycle of growth.
Upgraded, sophisticated manufacturing platforms continued to expand, and based on the company's faster performance growth expectations over the last two years, there was still much room for improvement in the 19-year valuation, with a good rate of climb and a big q3 guide.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board