High year-on-year growth, benefiting 5g, driving the cutting edge of precision manufacturing, 25.02.2019, announcement: company announcement, fast report, 2018, business income of $35.7 billion a year, year-on-year, year-on-year growth
56.4 per cent of the net profit from the mother, 2.73 billion yuan, an increase of 61.3 per cent over the same year, was above the median value of the upper performance range. Of this amount, business income for the fourth quarter was 13.6 billion yuan, a 52 per cent increase over the same period, and the net profit from the mother, a gain of 1.07 billion yuan, an increase of 76 per cent over the same period.
airpods have high demand, income and profits. Company q4 quarter revenue is 13.6 billion dollars, 52 per cent more than the year, net profit from the mother is 1.07 billion yuan, 76 per cent more than the year, high-speed growth is achieved, thanks mainly to the high demand from the airpods, and we expect to deliver 30 million goods throughout the year.
At the same time, the company pre-positioned its communications business, which, compared to the previous reporting period, was high, and the profit rate continued to improve. q4 Q1 net return interest rate was 7.89%.
The same-year increase of 1.08 percentage points, and the company’s next half-year import of new products such as the ccp antenna, wireless charge, linear motors, etc., is more than expected. At the same time, precision automation in-house manufacturing continues to progress, with precision manufacturing requirements such as airpods being higher.
High spare parts have also increased significantly in profitability. 5g drives a new rotation cycle, which, in our view, is the worst in cellular business and is about to happen with the release of the 5g.
1. Precision of communications (002475): Performance Starts. Looking forward to 19 years, the company ' s major clients are warming back under price reduction measures, acoustics, remodelling, and sophisticated manufacturing platforms continue to expand.
The share of motors, etc., has the potential to increase, while the sales of accessories such as airpods, watch, etc. are expected to continue to grow rapidly. At the same time, the telecommunications operation for the 5g base station will continue, and the q3 guide will climb rapidly, with a sharp excess of q3 guidance.
Specialized, the transfer of the Joohai fpc will create the faster performance growth expectations of the two companies in the last two years and the trade war easing expectations, and the 19-year valuation still exists.