The consumption of new electronics has led to a negative growth in the market, with 5g and car connectors starting to function.
The global sales of mobile phones have declined, with a significant equity incentive cost of 2018q4 and still earns billions, down 3.4 per cent from 2017, and, against a background of falling sales of mobile phones, the sophisticated nature of the product is good, consumer electronic mature products are less affected by falling sales of mobile phones, and new products are available.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is the main line of growth. The tact is based on a strong automated and sophisticated manufacturing capacity, sustained high levels of R & D inputs, with great advantages in the efficiency and efficiency of the product, and continued roll-out of new products.
Opens the growth space. The required R & D inputs are small and are made in the process of price reduction.
-002475 - 3-quarterly reports - high profit margins - this contraction can raise net interest rates; mature products aggregate about 20% of total revenue, i.e., growth, consumer electronics, communications, car electronics
The impact of a 5 per cent drop in sales of mobile phones has been less significant in terms of overall revenue collection; in terms of new products, acoustics, motors, ecstatic antennas, wireless chargers are new products, increasing market share and share; and in terms of non-cellular operations, higher sales of airpod and iwatch are expected and will continue to increase in the future.
Communications connectors and car connectors are starting to function, benefiting notably from the development of 5g. The company has made technical arrangements for base stations filters, towers, massivemimo, integrated antennas, which have been supplied downstream, from lurking to long-term, with a marked benefit of the 5g trend, photovoltaics.
In the field, 400g products have started to be supplied in small quantities. Communications connector products have grown by more than 100% since this year; automobile connectors are gradually becoming more active, entering the continental electronics, Bodhism supply chain, with more than 50% growth in the first half of the year.
The city of connectors and communication connectors accounts for 12.76% and 11.6%, compared to 7.89% of consumer connectors, and the market space is larger. In communications operations, both base stations and filters have reached their depths.
In the long term, there is a clear five-g trend, in the PV sector, 400-g products have started to be supplied in small quantities. In automobiles, electronics, access to the continental electronics, the World Wide Web supply chain, and in the area of vehicle-borne wireless recharge, precision manufacturing capacity is high and long-line growth logic is clear. Companies are based on precision manufacturing capacity, strong.
With the strategy of “old customers, new products, old products, new customers, new markets”, consumer electronics, new products such as motors, wireless chargers, lop antennas, communications and car electronics, continuing to break through and continue to grow robustly in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report