Performance forecast is over-expected, keeping an eye on corporate growth, a review report/electronic components, a briefing on the 18-year performance announcement, and a revision of the 18-year performance announcement: the net benefit expected to accrue to shareholders in listed companies for 18 years.
In the third quarterly report, the company expected a higher rate of change in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in 2018 than in the previous quarter. The growth in corporate performance was mainly due to new products that had been heavily invested in the previous period (wire charged, wire charged).
Icp antennas, motors, acoustic devices, etc.) are entering the harvest period, and the company continues to promote managerial excellence and intelligence.
\triangleright airpods continued to sell, 18q4airpods increased and volume of production increased, icd version of the audio device
Continuing the high q3 growth momentum, 19q1 is expected to continue to grow. 5g commercial upswings, which are expected to benefit from the 10 billion growth space created by the 5g communications construction \triangleright
Companies continue to adhere to the strategy of “old customers, new products, old products, new customers, new markets” and to a high future growth in the performance of consumer electronics, telecommunications, and automobiles. 19 years is pre-commercial year 5g, and companies work closely with China.
Rapid performance and industry leadership, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. Unexpected expansion of new business by large clients: 2; higher share of new products than expected: 3; iPhone sales: 2. Advanced Quality (002475) company rating: q3 performance meets expectations, new products are released as performance drivers
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.