In 2024, the company sold the luminous glass to the luminous industry, resulting in a constant decline in the price of luminous glass due to the mismatch between supply and demand.
Income and Maori rates have declined and profit stages have been under pressure; at the same time, in order to optimize the output structure, some of the company’s kilns, Deng Yongkang, have entered the cold repair phase, with some impact on the company’s operating income.
The price of the glazing glass increases in March and is expected to boost the recovery of profits. On the supply side, it is accompanied by a profit collection \triangleright Jubai no.
At a time of loss for narrow, or even for some enterprises, the capacity of light glass, especially small, age-old production, is accelerating cold repair; at the same time, many new investment projects are terminated or postponed, taking into account profitability, approval policies and financing costs.
Against the background of Wang I, the output of the components rose by 35% in March and is expected to continue to grow in April.
The company was able to produce at the end of the 24th year.
19,400 tonnes/day, 2600 tonnes/technics can be cooled, and the Ensign and Nanton projects will continue to operate in accordance with market conditions; at the same time, the company plans to invest in the construction of light-volved glass kilns in Indonesia to meet the third quarter of 2024 in Fulette (601865.sh).
Assessment: Oversupply in the supply phase of the industry, with 24q3 profitable short-term and national and regional demand for photovoltaic glass.
In the first echelon, where both companies combined market ownership of more than 50 per cent, the profitability of two third-line firms was higher than the 2024 semi-annual reporting point of 2.Fullet (601865.sh), the gap between size, resource advantage and technological advantage was expected to help companies move through the cycle.
Review: 24q2 increase in profitability ring, industry cold repair plus \triangleright speed or relief of supply and demand pressure - 2024/08/29
3. Frett (601865.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: Lead profitable and production capable of accelerating the expansion of real head status - 4. Frett (601865.sh) Tri-quarter 2023
The lead business in glass, with reduced supply and demand pressure, is expected to recover steadily and maintain a “recommended” rating: performance over expectations, photo-glass profit ring significantly increased by 2023/11/01
\triangleright Renovation on a quarterly basis, yielding a premium dividend for overseas production capacity - 2023/ Research findings on methodology and analytical logic, producing the present report independently and objectively and being held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.