Short-term performance pressure, smooth glass tap status.
zhanghan3@cfsc.com.cn iuodx@cfsc.com.cn  photoglass prices fell, creating short-term performance pressures
In 2024, the company ' s core product, photovoltaic glass, received $16,816 million, a decline of 14.54 per cent from the previous year, causing performance pressure. Since the second half of last year, the price of photovoltaic glass continued to go low, and the company ' s photoglass ratio dropped by 6.81 pct to 6.81 pct to 6.81 pct from the same year.
15.64 per cent; in addition, as a result of the imbalance between supply and demand in the industry, and in order to optimize the output structure, some of the company’s kilns went into cold repair, with sales of the company’s photovoltaic glass in 2024 amounting to approximately 1,265 million flats, an increase of 3.70 per cent over the same period.
The volume and profitability of the glazing glass is expected to improve gradually, and the leadership is well established, international influence is raised, and companies and Shin Xinjiang are in the first echelons of the light glass industry, two companies in the city.
At the end of 2024, the company had a total capacity of 19,400 tons/day, and the Ensign and Nanton projects would operate in accordance with market conditions.
1 FLET (601865): Three-quarter surplus plans to invest in the construction of photovoltaic glass kilns in Indonesia.
The company’s North American market revenue grew rapidly. In 2024, the company’s North American market revenue increased by 2.28 pct, further increasing its international influence.
The University of Shanghai Transport has four years of financial research experience, covering the field of photovoltaics and storage energy.
Rodithopus: Master of Arts, European School of Higher Business, and two degrees in Energy and Power Engineering and Finance, Xian University of Transport, in the direction of new energy sources.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
The Hong Kong market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.