Project c2 leads in the growth of performance, new material layouts highlight the combined strength of the company's research, the company's quick evaluation, the basic chemical industry, the chemical products.
This is due to the fact that the fully-owned subsidiary, Lilonghuang Pulse Ltd., produces 1.35 million tons per year, 2.190 million tons of eoe and 260,000 tons of acn joint installation projects, phase I, which has been operating steadily since its inception on 20 May 2021, further enhancing the profitability of the company. 1) The company, as a leading company in the c2 chain, has a significant technological advantage.
First, the company uses the ethane fission process in comparison to the oil and coal-chemical routes, which has the advantages of short process processes, small land area, low installation investment, high rate of ethylene collection and low production costs. Second, the light hydrocarbon route by-products are mainly hydrogen, carbon emissions are minimal, and investment in and energy consumption of the ethylene fission route are relatively minimal. Moreover, the industrial chain has high downstream extensions.
New materials, planning for electron-level dioxyhydrate and battery-grade carbonate are expected to increase overall strength. 2) Corporate traditional c3 chain operations have increased significantly over the 21 years and are expected to be sustained in the future. First, the company industry chain is fully aligned, and the company has developed a very strong scale advantage on the c3 chain, and it is now able to produce acrylic acid and esters.
Each year, due to a large short-term increase in propane prices, the cost is short-lived, but as oil prices turn back, a reduction in upstream cost pressures is expected to lead to recovery of polypropylene profits, while downstream acrylic acids and esters are expected to remain high because of better supply and demand. We have chosen to compare the same integrated chemical poles as integrated industrial development and downstream expansion to high-end chemicals, we believe.
Satellite chemistry is the leading producer of acrylic acid worldwide, and one of the few producers in the country with a whole industry chain of acrylic acid and esters, high molecular emulsions, and high functional sub-materials. Companies insist on c2 and c3 pairs of industrial chain layouts, constantly promoting technological innovation and service innovation.
The company’s operations cover applications such as aerospace, orbital transport, capital engineering, automobiles, new energy sources, semiconductors, homes, textiles, home care, etc. The company has been successful in building functional chemicals such as ethylene ethylene downstream and polyether monolithics, using both scale and cost advantages.
High-performance products for downstream high-exposure luminescence Pete, functional water abatement agents for infrastructure construction; new materials for high molecules such as acrylic acid and ester downstream high-sortage resins (sap), highly molecular emulsions, after more than a decade of research and development and innovation, the company ' s sap products have been replaced by national production and national branding, and become a supplier of nationally and internationally renowned brands; new energy materials, such as electronic-grade dioxyd water, are being used for green hydrogen energy and are now in the market of China,g1,
The field of pre-electronic chemicals and photovoltaics in g2 has been widely used. Corporate performance has grown steadily in recent years and, with the company ' s launch of the C2 project and the increase in the profitability of block c3, in 2021 the company was able to reach a new level of business income of $28.557 billion, an increase of 165.09 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of $6.07 billion, an increase of 261.62 per cent over the same period.
The company, as the lead company in the c2 industry chain, has had a significant advantage in the technology route. The company has been building the c2 industry chain since 2017 and is now in production in phase 1 of the c2 installation, consisting mainly of 1.25 million tons of ethylene, 400,000 tons of hdpe, 250,000 tons of polyethers, and 144/182,000 tons of e0/eg co-production units.
Ethylene, 400,000 tonnes of hdpe, 720,000 tonnes of eo, 600,000 tonnes of styrene, 250,000 tonnes of polyether large monomer and 260,000 tonnes of acrylene, which are now mainly ready for installation and are expected to be produced on a trial basis in mid-2022. Moreover, the project for a green new materials industrial park, consisting of 100,000 tonnes/year of ethanolamine, 400,000 tonnes/year of polystyrene, 150,000 tonnes/year of battery-grade carbonate, etc., has started construction and is scheduled to continue on land during the second half of 2022.
Strength One: The ethane route is cheaper and more profitable than oil and coal-chemical routes The company uses ethylene fission, more traditional graphite oil-based ethylene technology, with a variety of advantages, such as shorter process processes, small land area, less investment in devices, high rates of ethylene, low production costs, etc., breaking the constraints of high energy consumption and low rates of ethylene production in traditional ethylene production.
In the oil price environment, based on the cost of acetylene from the scephalian oil route, the theoretical equivalent is $817 per tonne of ethane and the corresponding price of coal is $1045 per tonne, while the current cadastral price of ethane is approximately $668 per ton, and the average price of smoke-free and power-powered coal is $1,000 per ton, so the economic nature of the ethane route is clear.
Since 2019, Chinese ethylene production has been concentrated, with most of the specifications for ethylene production being maintained at more than 1 million tonnes/year, while small-scale installations are dominated by the mto process. Since the second half of 2020, the domestic ethylene industry has gradually diversified, as reflected in the diversification of raw materials, the diversification of production enterprises, and the diversification of production processes.
Disaggregated into pyrocephalic oil cracks, especially as enterprises gradually increase their integration projects in order to improve their overall cost competitiveness. Anti-traditional methanol/coal-based production processes have put a heavy burden on production costs since 2021, especially since the country has encouraged faster exit of ethylene devices of less than 300,000 tons/year, and the construction of methanol/coalene-based hydrocarbons has significantly reduced.
In the first quarter of 2022, the advantage of the refinery integration device was less than expected. The cost of light hydrocarbon cracking was more competitive than that of the pyre oil crack, with the best ethane cracking. After a major loss in the pyrocephalus fission device in a quarter, some firms began to turn to the peaclarine + lpg (propane + butane tungsten) breakup to ease their own cost pressures. Although ethylene units are currently being built in the country.
The second is that light hydrocarbon route by-products are mainly hydrogen, which reduces emissions and widens the scope for new energy business growth. From an environmental perspective, satellite chemistry uses lightly modified raw materials for the production of acetylene, the overall yield of which is significantly lower than that of other routes.
The company's 1.25 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device reduces carbon dioxide emissions by about 11.4 million tonnes per year, contributing to the proposal for “carbon peaks, light-massification of carbon petrochemical raw materials.” Moreover, investment and energy consumption on the ethane fission route are relatively minimal in terms of investment and energy consumption, with an increase in the composition of the raw materials and a corresponding increase in investment and energy consumption.
In addition, in the c2 industrial chain, companies make full use of CO2 emissions from the by-product of ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene, and plan to build a 750,000 tonnes/year carbonate device, accompanied by a portion of food-grade carbon dioxide, which will be used for high-value uses by using the by-product carbon dioxide as a treasure. Battery-grade carbonate is a core material for the production of lithium batteries, which can eventually be used in new energy vehicles, smart mobile equipment, etc. 750,000 tonnes/year carbonate devices are fully delivered after delivery.
Companies can recycle nearly 400,000 tons of carbon dioxide annually, consistent with the “double carbon” concept of green development, and have good economic, social, and ecological benefits. The company’s by-product hydrogen gas resources can also be used for hydrogen fuel cell cars, which can reduce about 1.84 tons of carbon dioxide per year per hydrogen-fired battery compared to an economic sedan using gasoline, with significant environmental benefits.
According to the CEP, the company ' s ethane fission process can produce about 170,000 tons of hydrogen by-products, plus hydrogen currently produced by the pdh device. The company ' s total hydrogen production is expected to reach nearly 300,000 tons by 2023. The company also has a long-term plan for the use of hydrogen:
It is a demonstration project for the planning of hydrogen energy use in the park, including hydrogen energy shuttles, hydrogen energy storage, etc., applicable to staff commuters; second, a revolving economy and renewable energy use in the park area, which provides green hydrogen supplies to enterprises in the park and reduces CO2 emissions from hydrogen production in the park; and third, chemical development with hydrogen-based applications, electronic-level dioxyhydrazine, the use of nitrogen from the production of ethylene oxide to provide synthetic ammonia for acrylene, and the use of synthetic ammonia for acetylene.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) methanol in epoxy-ethane production provides raw materials for dmc, the company is currently producing 220,000 tonnes/year of hydro-oxy water units, which have been made to the electronic level of g1g2 and is also in the process of building 250,000 tonnes/year of hydro-oxy water units this year, which are planned to be g3g4 and will be sold as electronic chemicals. In addition, domestic and international companies are negotiating with the company for the purchase of hydrogen gas, and the city government has launched a hydrogen energy development programme for hydrogen use.
China, as the world’s largest producer of hydrogen, will have enormous scope for development in our country under carbon peaks and targets, and policies will be put in place to support industrial development. In terms of hydrogen production, the country currently produces hydrogen from fossil energy sources, 62% of which is coal, followed by natural gas from hydrogen and industrial by-product hydrogen from 19%, 18%, and electrolytic hydrogen from around 1%.
The North West and North China combined accounted for more than 50% of coal, and the industrially developed East China accounted for about 23%, and the combined hydrogen production capacity of the three regions was about 75% of the country. Domestic hydrogen production reached 20.5 million tons in 2020, and the China Hydrogen Energy Union estimates that by 2030, China’s hydrogen demand will reach 35 million tons.
By 2050, hydrogen will account for at least 10 per cent of China’s end-use energy system, close to 60 million tons of hydrogen and an annual output of about 12 trillion yuan in the industrial chain. In order to achieve carbon neutrality and the goal of 2050, our annual demand for hydrogen will increase from 3,342 million tons to about 130 million tons, and 20 per cent of the end-use energy system.
The radon process can be divided into three broad categories: (1) Traditional hydrogen production: the fossil energy source of coal, gas, etc. is used as a feedstock, with more impurities in the hydrogen production process and needs to be purified at a later stage. Coal hydrogen and natural gas hydrogen can meet low carbon and clean hydrogen standards by collating ccus to reduce carbon emissions.
(2) Industrial by-product hydrogen: processes such as furnace gas, chlor-alkali tail gas, light hydrocarbon fission, etc. by-product pure hydrogen. This is currently the least costly way to produce hydrogen, which meets the low-carbon hydrogen standard, with short product transport radius and is mainly used as a feedstock or fuel in industrial production. (3) Renewable energy, electrolytic hydrogen: the cost of electrolytic hydrogen is too high, it is not economical, it is electrolytic hydrogen and renewable.
The combination of energy generation can effectively reduce costs. High hydrogen purity, which meets carbon emission standards for clean hydrogen and renewable hydrogen, is the hydrogen-making process that will be largely supported by future policies. At present, chemical by-product production is the lowest cost, mainly associated with depreciation of separation purification devices, and industrial by-products in economically developed regions.
The chemical by-product hydrogen is also an environmentally friendly process route after clean energy electrolysis hydrogen, and advantage three: new material at the top of the downstream extension layout, with higher value added. On the basis of the ethane fission device, the company invested in the construction of the Green Chemical New Materials Industrial Park project, which continues to extend downstream of the c2 industry chain.
The total investment is taxed at about 15 billion yuan, of which the fixed asset investment is taxed at about 13 billion yuan. The construction consists mainly of 200,000 tons of ethanolamine per year (eoa), 800,000 tons of polystyrene per year (ps), 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons per year with an accompanying poe, and 750,000 tons of carbonate production plants per year and related supporting works.
Devices, 2 units of 100,000 tonnes/year ethanolamine, 2 units of 200,000 tonnes/year polystyrene and accompanying public works; Phase II plans to build including 100,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe installations, 150,000 tonnes/year of carbonate series devices; Phase III plans to build up 400,000 tonnes of polystyrene (ps) devices, 300,000 tonnes of carbonate series devices, etc.
Carbonate esters are mainly a product in the dmc series. Dmc downstream applications are extensive and vary according to purity, and dmc can be classified as an industrial class and battery class, which can be used for coatings, pharmaceuticals/pesticides intermediate solvents, or as a reaction material for the production of non-luminous gas polycarbonate; battery levels are used mainly for lithium cell electrolyte materials. Batteries level dmc, dec, emc, ec, pc are used mainly for lithium cell materials, in addition to solvents.
The company currently plans to produce 60,000 tons of dmc, 50,000 tons of ec, 40,000 tons of emc and dec. The main global production processes are the epoxypropane (po) exchange, the epoxy ethyl exchange, the aromatic oxidation, the urea, and the domestic production of 53 per cent, 23 per cent, 19 per cent and 5 per cent, respectively.
At present, dmc produces about 1.5 million tons of global capacity, with market space of about 10 billion yuan. We are the main producer of dmc. As of mid-2021, domestic production was about 1.3 million tons, effective production was about 1 million tons per year, yielding about 650,000 tons, an increase of 37.0 per cent over the same period. Domestic capacity is concentrated mainly in Shandong and Huadong regions. The process is dominated by epoxy-propane exchange; overseas capacity is about 250,000 tons, mainly in Japanese and Korean enterprises, and most of the installations are overseas.
With the rapid development of lithium ion batteries, dmc is applied to lithium ion cell electrolyte solutions because of its good performance, and battery levels dmc, dec, emc, ec, pc, etc. can also be used to prepare additives. Battery-level solvents require at least 99.99% purity and ultra-purity product requirements are very high.
99.99 per cent, and because of the high requirements of catalyst selection and the difficulty of cleaning it up, there are only a handful of small-scale domestic producers.dmc:emc:ec:pc=15:35:nc:10:5, other batteriesdmc:ec:ec:pc=35:35:35:35:10:05, as measured by the 85% solution ratio in electrolyte, the global battery-level solvent demand in 2025 was about 1871 000 tonnes, of which the domestic battery-level solvents were home.
2) Alpha- and poe linear alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons are important chemical feedstocks and intermediates with the following five main uses: 1) used as a conglomerates of linear low-density polyethylene (lldpe), high-density polyethylene (hdpe) and polyolefin elastomers (poe), with the main conglomerates of 1-butylene, 1-hexylene and 1-octaline
Maleene; 2) for the production of detergent alcohol, which is good biodegradable with α-vinyl hydrazine synthesis from c12-c20; 3) synthetic lubricant oil, which is a high-quality synthetic lubricant, mainly of 1-cene, 1-octane, 1-dodecaethylene polymer; 4) for the production of plasticizer ethanol, c6-c10 straight chain of alpha-vinyl hydrazine, which is low-volatilization of plasticizers made of lysium synthesium, with good photo-stability and antioxidation
5) for the production of lubricant additives and drilling fluids, stickers, sealants, etc. In 2018, the total capacity of the global lao (excluding 1-butylene) was 4.69 million tonnes/year, with China producing less than 75,000 tonnes/year, or less than 2%, mainly 1-hexylene, with a production of 45,000 tonnes and consumption of about 20.14 million tonnes, with more than 08 alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons completely dependent on imports amounting to 150,000.
The production and application of high-quality products is severely limited in tonnes/year. In China, c6 and above are expected to reach c-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-c-year tonnes/year, yielding 69,000 tonnes, with apparent consumption of 270,000 tonnes and high external dependence.
In the field of polyα-olefinspao. The latest study by ihsmarkit shows that the annual increase in the range of linear alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons (laos) varies from year to year in 2019-2030, with a projected annual increase of 3.5% in polymer demand, and the demand for surface-active agents (all types of ethanol, aos, lab/labs, alkylamine) poe polycarbons elastomers, in practice mainly ethylene and high carbona-vinyl hydrocarbons, containing mainly ethylene-octanyl.
Eoc, ethylene-butylene (ebc), ethylene-hexane (ebc) and polymerene (ebc). The concentration of single bodies in the poe molecular chain is higher than that in polyvinyl plastics, usually referred to as ethylene-1-octane co-magnoses with a mass score greater than 20%. The global polyolefin ballistics core manufacturers include Dow, mixichemical, etc., and the top producers account for about 43% of the world ' s share. Asia and the Pacific is the largest global market.
In recent years, as the country’s photovoltaic and automobile industries have developed, demand has continued to rise. The world’s poe production is currently concentrated in foreign firms, subject to technology, patents, etc.
Limited, low production capacity in the poe, demand is mainly dependent on imports, and there is a wide range of alternatives to the poe production.eva eva is part of the advanced high-molecular material industry - high-performance resin - high-performance polyolefin plastics.
With the development of our photovoltaic industry, pre-cursor technology, and non-halogen retardation cables, photo-film, coating, wire cables have become important downstreams of elevates, and in the process of upgrading our industry in the future, we should:
The demand for high-end eva resin products in new technology applications such as photovoltaic envelope film, film film, pre-coated film, and cable production will increase further. In terms of end-of-service developments, the demand for eva is growing rapidly in high-rise industries such as photovoltaic and cable, which are the main driving force behind the demand for eva.
The main domestic production capacity includes the extension of 300,000 tonnes/year of salbullification, 300,000 tonnes/year of petrochemical in Surban, 200,000 tonnes/year in Yanko-Basf, and Yinshan/year in early 2022, and 300,000 tonnes/year of Qurea petrochemicals, but there is uncertainty about the pace of production, with new production mainly dominated by the production of cable and blowing materials.
We have a high level of self-sustaining imports and a high level of future import-substitution space. In China, there was no additional capacity for the eva devices in 2017-2020, but the capacity utilization rate increased from 63.0% in 2016 to 76.2% in 2020. In 2021, new installations in the Central Quantities state became operational and domestic capacity increased to 1.72 million tons, yielding 1 million tons, consuming 2.05 million tons, importing 11.17 million tons, and importing 54.2%.
The photovoltaic film is an important wrapping material for a photovoltile component, which costs about 5% of the cost of a photovoltile battery component. The photovoltile film is an inner wrapping material for a photovoltile battery assembly, applied to a layer of pressure for a battery component, which covers both sides of the upper and lower sides of the battery plate, and is glued to the upper glass, lower backboard (or glass) through a vacuum layer of pressure, forming a photovoltile component. The photovoltaic film is a material that is the main material for a resin and is melted through the addition of intersections, anti-oldigation aids.
Photovoltaics are green and clean energy, and policies drive rapid industrial growth. As investment costs continue to decline and power generation efficiency increases year by year, the China Photovoltaic Association predicts that the top annual additions to the global photovoltaic market over the next five years will reach 287gw, and 390gw in 2025.
Tens of tons/billions of square metres, global photovoltaic eva resin demand of about 681,000 tons in 2021, demand of about 13.31 million tons in 2025, implementation of new installations of 2021-2025 is not as fast as expected, and the eva resin is expected to remain high throughout the year. The rapid growth in downstream photovoltaic demand is the largest increase in demand for the evaporate, with we predict an additional 24.2/23.1.241,000 tons of photovoltaic eva, respectively, in 2021-2023, plus other areas.
However, we believe that the real definition criterion for photovoltaics is continuous stabilization of scale production, while downstream film enterprises are certified and used in bulk, and therefore the total cycle is as long as one or two years. The photovoltaic phaseeva process is difficult and the gap remains for the next 2-3 years. We think that the true definition criterion for photovoltaics is continuous stabilization of scale production.
In the short and medium term, it will be difficult to have a substantial photovoltaic-eva enterprise in the country. In the meantime, the construction of a device has been limited for about three years, with only one set of devices in Korea likely to be operational, as a result of which we projected a shortfall of 182,000 tonnes, 103,000 tonnes, and 124,000 tonnes of photovoltaic-classeva demand in 2021-2023.
The company ' s traditional c3 industry chain business has increased significantly in 21 years and is expected to continue in the future. The company ' s current c3 capacity includes 900,000 tons of acrylic production, 450,000 tons of polypropylene production, 660,000 tons of acrylic acid production, and 750,000 tons of acrylic ester production.
The project, which was successful in a successful drive, is expected to be fully operational by 2022. The 250,000 tons of DHA (20,000 tons of electron dioxygen) units are also in the process of stabilizing tons of pdh, 800,000 tons of BKC, 120,000 tons of new quintane and ancillary devices, which are expected to be completed by the end of 2023. In addition, the 40,000 tons of ethylene acrylic acid (eaaa) project, which was co-financed by the company and Skgc, is also expected to be operational during the 1455-year period.
The company's industrial chain is complete and pdh short-term pressure on acrylic production is conducted in four major industrial ways: traditional acetylene fission (vabre fission); catalytic fission (fcc); coal (methanol) acetylene (cto/mto); propane dehydrate acylene (pdh). There are significant advantages and disadvantages between the different process paths of acrylic acrylic, and companies have adopted them.
The pdh process is characterized by low investment, high AC rates, and low by-products, but the disadvantage is that the industrial chain is short and requires continuous downstream extension into the industry chain to enhance risk resistance. After years of development, the company has developed a very strong size advantage in the c3 chain, and the company currently ranks AC and ester production in the country.
First, the cost is very competitive within the industry, and the company’s voice in the c3 chain will continue to expand as the build-up capacity is gradually being built into production. And the company is currently the most integrated in the domestic Acid chain, with a very small number of companies in the country that have achieved upstream and downstream convergence (table 12).
At the end of the cost, the price of propane is highly correlated with oil prices, and the profit level of pdh is now seriously impaired, driven by high oil prices. But historically, pdh costs are in the middle of the industry, and future profits are expected to recover as oil prices fall.
Polypropylene profits are expected to repair the demand for polypropylene downstream as a whole. According to information from the crowd, the membrane sector as a whole maintains a steady medium demand, and the hard products (cars, appliances, transparent plastics, building tubes, swing boxes, etc.) are expected to perform more poorly in macroeconomic terms; foods and packages are expected to show weak performance.
Imaging shows that this area is a fast-dismantling area, where domestic demand for exports needs to remain stable, if export demand recovers over 22 years or results in a significant increase; in plastics, packagings, transparent plastics, etc., remain stable. But, as environmental policy improves, the steady advancement of domestic “restrictive plastics” still strikes down the demand for polypropylene downstream, and aggregately, polypropene demand is expected to improve in 2022, but still is expected to improve.
Major. The pressure on supply and demand will increase significantly if all new devices are put into production as scheduled. But, as a result of high oil prices, the profitability of the app installations has declined significantly, and the planned commissioning of the new devices may be delayed. On the profit side, as a result of higher upstream energy prices, some of the units are already losing their profits and are expected to improve as the situation in the Russian Federation improves.
Global energy prices are expected to turn back, propane prices are expected to fall, leading to a recovery of the profits of the pp. Procurate and esters are expected to remain high. Domestic Acrylic Acid prices rose in 2021 as a result of external demand, especially in the third quarter, and the supply of goods was substantial as a result of the downside of corporate parking concentration.
The overall price level has been strong in 21 years as external demand has expanded, the price of raw materials has increased, the price of electricity has increased, and the price of acrylic acid and esters have fallen since November as a result of lower demand from downstream electricity restrictions. In 21 years, acrylic acid and esters as a whole have shown very good profit performance, taking into account the rise in the price of raw material, c-propene in the future.
The supply of acrylic acids and esters has not increased much, and we judge that the overall profit can be maintained at a relatively good level in 22 years. On the supply side, the country ' s current production capacity of acrylic acid is 3.42 million tons, with the main increases by the end of the 1450s being 180,000 tons of satellite chemistry, 400,000 tons of Shanghai Soup, expected to start production in 2022, and given the ability to climb, it is expected to grow by about 8 per cent annually in 22-23 and 24 years.
With regard to acrylic acid, the country currently produces a total of 3,515,000 tons, the most significant of which is acrylic butylate, with a capacity of 2.74 million tons. Moreover, it is evident that acrylic acid production is largely accompanied by acrylic production, and that future new production capacity is mainly associated with acrylic acid, which is expected to occur in 2022 at the end of 2022, and up to the end of 1450 tons of acrylic butyte production capacity is dominated by satellite chemistry of 300,000 tons, acrylic acid production capacity of 200,000 tons in Shanghai, and acrylic acid production in 2022.
On the demand side, acrylic acids are largely processed for sale as acrylates or refined acids, and the downstream of acrylates consists mainly of glue and acrylic emulsions. In the case of glue, the Chinese Association of Guacumbers and Tape Industries has stated that the development target for our glue during the “14th Five” period is an average annual increase in production.
The share of higher value-added products in the industry is more than 40%. In the case of acrylic emulsions, the area of downstream application of acrylic emulsions, which is dominated by the paint industry, is growing in size, with China ' s overall consumption of acrylic emulsions increasing, and the market for acrylic emulsions is expected to reach 4.9 million tons by 2025, or about 10% of the rate.
In summary, we believe that the costs of company c3 operations will continue to be under some pressure in the short term, but overall, the supply and demand patterns of acrylic acids and esters are better, and the profits are expected to remain high, with raw material pressures expected to ease with the gradual fall in oil prices; c2 operations have a significant cost advantage and continue to expand to higher end chemicals with higher value added downstream, adding hydrogen energy, and future combined strength is expected.
We have also chosen to compare the integrated chemicals pipeline, which is also integrated within industry and is expanding downstream to high-end chemicals, and we believe that the current valuation level of satellite chemistry is somewhat underestimated and covers the first time with a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject