Deep Series II: High Growth of the c2&c3 Industrial Chain, New Energy in Gabe Satellite Chemistry (002648.sz) 20 May 2022
New materials .c2&c3 high growth of industrial chain, new energy materials in the Gabe, maintenance of a "buy-in" rating, companies starting with acrylic acid and esters, to major chemical production companies in c3&c2 to transform new low-carbon chemical materials
Science and technology companies, determined to deploy new sources of energy, new materials, and a further extension of the chain of industry for the integration of light hydrocarbons. We maintain a steady increase in the productive capacity of the corporate c2&c3 chain, while shifting to new sources of energy and new materials, with the c3&c2 chain extending to high-end, low-carbon, growing in the future and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
.c3 chains continue to be consolidated, c2 chains contribute performance, bi-industry chains go hand-in-hand, company c3 chains continue to expand, and the acrylic capacity will be raised from 900,000 tonnes/year to 1.7 million tonnes/year, with production of systems of butoconeol and neo-pendol, and a real closure of the acrylic acid industry chain will be achieved.c2 industrial chains will be exposed.c2
Head starter and profit-making, c2 industrial chain planning total ethylene production capacity of 2.5 million tonnes/year, exceeding the c3 industrial chain AC capacity, promising success in re-engineing the c3 industrial chain, the simultaneous extension of the bi-industry chain, and the future companies will form a new development pattern of functioning chemicals, new energy sources, new materials.
• Accelerating the deployment of new materials, steadily moving towards low-carbon new chemical materials technology, which is a development strategy, and further using the import of new ethylene to expand the c2 industrial chain. Based on the integration of light hydrocarbons, the firm deployment of new high-end materials products,
New materials such as high-end polyolefins, eaa, ethanolamine, polyether monomer, acetylene, etc., are being developed, new material products will be concentrated in 2022-2023, products will provide new dynamic energy for the continued development of companies that are steadily moving towards the strategic objectives of low-carbon new chemical materials technology.
• New energy materials, hydrogen energy, firm entry into the new energy track, firm movement towards new energy industries based on the advantages of integrated industrial chains of c2 and c3
Dmc, photovoltaic membrane, poe, electron dioxygen, hydrogen, all new energy industries, new projects for growth, tight products, new energy materials, hydrogen for the company, and a firm move to the new energy track, hopefully from the new energy track.
The company is expected to produce 300,000 tonnes of hydrogen by-products per year, the hydrogen source is located in the economy, and the chain extension is growing high.
The Dharma, the densely populated East China energy load centre, near the downstream consumer market, low storage costs, by-product hydrogen use, carbon neutralization, and the company is expected to open a new era of combined hydrogen use.
Significant increase in performance, new project contribution growth - 1, c3 sustained consolidation of &c2 contribution performance, high growth growth in the extension of the two-sector chain 1.1, c3 continued consolidation of the industry chain, and the vanguard position was further highlighted
C3 Integrated industrial chain production capacity continues to expand, and new products are emerging. Satellite chemistry starts with the acrylic acid and esters, first moving to upstream raw materials, building the country's first propane dehydrogen production facility using U.S. uop technology, making the raw material propylene self-sufficient and becoming the country's largest producer of acrylic acid and esters.
The product structure was enriched by a series of products such as acrylic acid, methylpropyl acid, high molecular emulsions, pigments intermediates, high-sorting water resins, etc. By the end of 2021, the company had a propane dehydration (pdh) capacity of 900,000 tonnes/year, 660,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid, 750,000 tonnes/year of acrylic acid, 450,000 tonnes/year of polypropylene, and bioxygenene.
220,000 tonnes/year, high-absorbent resins, 150,000 tonnes/year, domestic c3 industry chain leader. The company already owns three production bases, Ka Hing, Ping Lake, and Lian Yun Harbour, and in 2022 it is expected to grow by 27.3% to 0.84 million tonnes/year, and the capacity of acrylic acid production is expected to grow by 40 per cent to 1.05 million tonnes/year.
Acetylene is expected to grow by 66.7% to 750,000 tonnes/year (newly modified polypropylene in monocrylate): 89% to 1.7 million tonnes/year for pdh in 2023. New products are expected to grow by 89% to 1.7 million tonnes/year. New products are eaa-level dioxywater, ethylenepropyl acid co-polymer (eaa), butocone, and new pentyl diol will continue to be produced in 2022-2023, with an additional 250,000 tonnes in electron dioxygenic water.
/year, eaa production capacity of 40,000 tonnes/year, butoctaol and neo-econol production capacity of 800,000 tonnes/year and 120,000 tonnes/year, respectively. Company c3 industrial chains are further advanced towards higher end, new products are emerging, companies are growing, and the production capacity of key products is expected to continue to grow (tonnes/year)
Figure 2: New c3 products are expected to emerge (tonne tons/year) and pdh is expected to expand downstream to increase their resistance to risk. Domestic pdh capacity is usually used for acrylic production and re-routing of acrylic polypropylene.
The price difference is narrow, the propane-propylene chain is less profitable, and some of the pdh-pp firms are even facing losses. While the company's downstream is used mainly to produce acrylic acids and esters, the price increase for acrylic acids is higher, the price difference between the acrylic acids and propanes is high, and the price of oil has increased to some extent the company's profitability for acrylic acids and esters.
Compared to propane polypropylene enterprises, further extension of the company c3 chain downstream has significantly increased product resistance. In 2021, the company ' s average price of acrylic acid and acrylic butyl esters increased by 56-83 per cent on the same basis, while the price of propane increased by 40 per cent, the value of the chain of c3 increased substantially.
US$ 843/tonne, corresponding to +38.7%, acrylic acids, acrylic acids, butyl esters and acrylates have increased their hedge costs to some extent, and c3 chain profitability has remained relatively stable. Compared to pdh-pp, the competitive advantage of the corporate c3 integrated chain is highlighted.
Figure 3: Acrylic-propane price differentials (mb/t) Figure 4: Acrylic acid-propane price differentials maintained at high (mb/t) Butocone prices are more volatile and home-grown raw materials further reduce the risk of price fluctuations.
Acrylic acrylic acid and esters account for about 50% of the c3 plate share until the c2 plate becomes operational. By introducing the pdh device, the company achieved propane acrylate self-sufficiency. Acrylic acids are generated by acrylic acids and ethanols through esterification, and another part of the company's acrylic acids are derived from the company's acetylene.
Materials such as butol, octanol and new e-ethanol are still largely purchased. In 2021, the average prices of n-butylol and octanol were 12.5 million yuan and 143,000 yuan per ton, respectively, an increase of 99 per cent and 92 per cent, respectively, compared to the same rates. The prices of propane and acrylic flats were 0.49 million yuan and 0.79 million yuan per ton, respectively, an increase of 40 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively, compared with the prices of propane and propane.
The company will reduce the outsourcing of raw materials for alcohol, reducing the risk of cost and price fluctuations of raw materials and further improving the profitability of the c3 chain.
Figure 6: Bulkol prices are more volatile (mb/t) Figure 5: Propane, Acrylic prices are relatively flat (mb/t)
The company is expected to add 800,000 tonnes/year of pdh production capacity, 800,000 tonnes/year of butoconeol and 120,000 tonnes/year of ethol downstream. In the case of butol, conjunctyl formaldehyde can be generated by synthesynthesis with synthetic gas, and glycol and isobutylol can be obtained by hydrogen fertilizing. Further synthol with acylene as a feedstock, and further refinement of the acrylic acid industrial chain.
The company ' s raw materials for acrylic acids and esters are expected to be fully self-sufficient. We refer to the data disclosed by the China Chang Chemical Industry for polyols, which produced polyols (genbutylene, isobutol, octanol, new quintool, etc.) as the main feedstocks. The two-year averages for polyols were 33.1% and 41.0%, respectively, in 2020-2021.
37.1% of satellite chemistry uses propane as a feedstock to produce polyols and further synthetic acrylic esters to achieve a true closure of the acrylic acid industry chain, with the advantage of industrial chain integration, and a higher Māori rate. At a Māori rate of 37.1%, satellite chemistry is estimated at RMB 3.34 billion per year and RMB 760 million per year.
Multi-ol self-sufficiency is expected to increase Māori by about RMB 4.10 billion, and the profitability of C3 chain integration is expected to increase further.
c2 Industrial chains contribute to performance, and high-cost barriers to quality track have been demonstrated. The company seized the low-cost ethane opportunity of shale gas gas from the US, pre-positioned the c2 industry chain, set up the CLP subsidiary in 2017, and plans to build 2.5 million tonnes/year ethane cracking in two phases, 1.35 million tonnes/year polyethylene (pe), 2.190,000 tonnes/year epoxy.
The company imported ethane raw materials mainly from the United States, while the U.S. export of ethane required the export of docks and pipelines to secure ethane resources in the U.S. and to fully secure the supply of ethane for the Clan Cloud Harbour project, in conjunction with the U.S. “spmt”
In addition, the company ordered a total of 12 of the world’s largest Vlec vessels for the C2 industry chain supply security.
Shipowners have been found from the U.S. export ports to the vlec ship, to the cannery, company ethane supply chain is high, copying is difficult, satellite chemistry has built a high barrier ethane supply chain, and the supply of ethane has a clear competitive advantage. On May 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, c2 industrial chain chain with cloudy-colour petrochemical phase, first half of 2021.
The company ' s c2 industrial chain (ChPol) is the new polyethylene, epoxy ethane and ethylene products marketed. Business income reached 1,532 million yuan in more than a month, or 14.23 per cent. The Mäori rate was 36.51 per cent. 32.40 per cent of the major chemicals in c3 were exceeded.
Close to 30%, with a net profit of $1.61 billion. The company won $8.14 billion in the first quarter of 2022, compared to +12.5% in the previous quarter; The steady operation of the chain led to higher performance, with the c2 chain having re-engineered its c3 industry chain. In 2022, the first phase of carbonization will contribute to the full year's profits, while the second phase will be operational by mid-2022, and the c2 chain will be low-cost.
The high barrier and high-quality track has been proven and the company can grow in the future. c2 Industry chain is fast-released, and the bi-industry chain is growing in a high degree. On May 20, 20, 2021, the company c2 chain began a phase of petrochemicalization, and products such as polyethylene, ethylene oxide and ethylene diol were launched, with their respective capacities.
Up to 400,000 tonnes/year, 1.46 million tonnes/year, 1.82 million tonnes/year. The second phase of LNPC is due to be launched in mid-2022, consisting mainly of 400,000 tonnes/year of high-density polyethylene, 730,000 tonnes/year of ethylene oxide, 600,000 tonnes/year of styrene.
ethanolamine per year, 400,000 tonnes/year polystyrene, 150,000 tonnes/year battery-grade carbonate, 300,000 tonnes/year carbon dioxide concentrate recovery The project is expected to start production in the 3-4 quarter of 2022.
c2 The industrial chain capacity is expected to be released over time, and the product matrix will be enriched. The company plans to develop electricity-grade dioxygenic water from hydrogen-based sources, nitrogen gas from the epoxy ethylene oxidation mechanism (consumption of oxygen from the ethylene oxide process, surplus nitrogen from the air oxidation device) and synthetic ammonia from hydrogen gas and production of acetylene (propylene oxidation method) for epoxy ethylene.
The by-product of the alkylene co2 captures and produces dmc (e.g. ethylene ethylene ethylene and co2 ester exchange generation dmc). At the same time, ethanolamine and carbonate will form a matrix of products downstream of ethyl diol and polyether large monomer ethylene ethylene, and companies will fully exploit the advantages of the epoxy ethylene industrial chain and maximize profits from product-to-product switching according to market conditions.
The US ethane supply is sufficient, and prices are expected to fall. The US shale gas revolution has changed the pattern of the US and the world’s energy markets, and with the advances in mining technology and the construction of a pipeline network, the US gas condensate fluids.
The U.S. exports of ethane continued to grow at a high rate of 4.45 million barrels in January 2014, while exports reached a high level of 1.5728 million barrels in October 2021 and 150 million barrels in 2021, an increase of 49.5% over the same period.
U.S. exports of ethane have increased, U.S. stocks of ethane have continued to grow and remain high, and U.S. prices of ethane have become more volatile in 2021, the Russian-U conflict intensified in 2022, the global commodity and oil boomed, and in the first quarter of 2022, the average price of Brent crude oil increased by 35% compared to 2021.
On 29 September, US ethane (mb) prices were US$ 379/t, US$ 2021q3-2022q1 US ethane (mb) prices were US$ 253/293/t, US ethane prices were currently at a relatively high level and US ethane prices were expected to fall at a high level, and long-term prices were expected to remain at US$ 200-300 as the regional situation subsided and the European heating season ended.
At the end of the product, ethylene prices remain high and downstream prices are expected to remain high as the price of oil rises. Taken together, the price of the product increases and costs are relatively stable, and the profitability of the company’s c2 chain is highlighted.
Figure 11: U.S. banks and exports of ethane maintain high levels of ethane, Figure 12: US prices of ethane (mb) are expected to fall high, oil prices are high, and the U.S. ethane supply chain is safe for ethane supply.
The crude oil and coal prices have been rising steadily since 2021 against the background of carbon-neutral and energy-consumption controls and the intensification of the conflict in the Russian Federation. Since March 2022, with the intensification of the conflict in the Russian Federation, Brent crude oil prices have continued to exceed $100 per barrel.
Similarly, international coal prices have risen significantly since 2022, and Newcastle, Australia, at a rate of over US$ 260 per ton, powered coal. Although domestic coal prices are governed by policy, the basic context in which supply should not be needed is the basic context.
Domestic spot coal prices continue to have a capped kinetic power. The US ethane supply chain suggests that ethane exits are collected, processed, transported in ngl and divided in the bm area, the most important of which is the cost of pipeline transport and distillation from large shale blocks to the bm area, accounting for about 90% of the total cost of ethane.
The U.S. price of ethane has a strict market-based mechanism, and when the price of ethane is more than US$ 200/t, the pipeline has the incentive to get ethane from the Gulf and Northeast marcellus and supply it to the spot market: when the price is more than US$ 300/t, it can get ethane from far north, e.g. the Bakken block.
The main increase in ethane in the United States will continue to come from the Gulf region, and the long-term price of ethane at more than $200 per ton will make these pipeline companies profitable, so the future price of ethane in the United States will probably remain at $200-300 per ton.
Figure 13: Maintenance of high spot coal prices for power coal, Figure 14: International crude oil prices at high prices, oil prices and coal prices, with the comparative advantage of imported ethylene fission ethylene highlighted. In the future, international oil prices are projected
Based on China ' s Opportunities for the Development of the Imported Ethylene Fracture Industries, the cost of the same ethylene, different route feedstocks, based on the current price of ethylene (mb) at approximately $300/t, corresponds to the Brent oil price at the same cost at about $50/bb, and the corresponding cost of coal-based ethylene.
At present, international oil prices are over $100/bpd and the price of power pit guidance is 700/t. Crude oil prices at $100/bpd are 8685/t, power coals are no more than 700/t, and the full cost is no more than $6972/t, while the price of ethane (mb) is $300.
The full cost of acetylene acetylene is not higher than R$4651 per ton. The cost of importing ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethyl ethyl ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
From the point of view of products already in production, ethylene oxide (eo) is moving further downstream. By 2020, it could be 5.13 million tons, with more than 6 million tons in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of about 10%, and a demand increase at the end of the year.
Substream demand for epoxy-ethane is 61% and 21% for monolithic and non-ion surfactants, respectively. On the one hand, with the implementation of steady growth policies such as the construction of a stable property in Laki and the growth of the country’s premixed concrete penetration rate, the demand for water abatements is expected to grow steadily. On the other hand, with the spread of liquid detergents, the non-ion surface is expected to grow steadily.
The demand for ethylene ethylene is expected to support the demand for ethylene oxide, which is expected to increase steadily. From the price differential for ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene, it is expected that it will increase to 2.19 million tonnes/year, with an additional 730,000 tonnes/year of production mainly for the large monomer and ethanol ammonium downstream.
In view of the expansion of domestic production capacity of ethylene oxide, the company further develops ethylene oxide downstream to further its high-product profitability. The company is expected to take full advantage of the ethylene oxide industrial chain, to produce interproduct-to-product switching, and to achieve product series with ethanol, carbonate and polyether monolithic formations.
In 2020-2021, domestic eg production was concentrated and released with 11 million tonnes/year in 2019 and 21.45 million tonnes/year in 2021, an increase of 93%. There is a need for a further increase in the ethanol national production rate as a result of the significant release of domestic ethanol production capacity, and a contraction in the ethanol-ethylene price difference.
Narrow, but ethylene continues to have a national alternative, and high crude oil and coal prices will support the ethylene cost shape. As the rate of downstream start-up is expected to rise, the price differential between ethylene and ethylene is expected to rise back. Because the cost of ethylene ethylene ethylene is lower than that of coal and petroleum ethylene, the satellite chemical ethylene route will have ethylene ethanol.
At the same time, the corporate c2 downstream product matrix offers firms a conversion option and their ability to withstand price fluctuations in their products is further enhanced. Figure 18: ethanol (eg) remains an import alternative (tonnes, %)
Figure 19: The price differential between ethyl diol and ethylene is expected to touch the bottom up (mega/tonne) and the consumption of polyethylene (pe) has increased steadily, with greater import substitution space. Polyethylene is mainly used in the membrane sector, benefiting from developments in the electronics, medical treatment, food, express delivery, etc., and the demand for packaging membrane has increased rapidly in 2020.
Our polyethylene production capacity is 2,285 million tons, yielding 2004 tons, with a capacity utilization rate of 88 per cent. At present, our consumption of polyethylene is growing steadily, with consumption growing faster than production, and dependence on imports has remained at a high level of over 50 per cent in recent years. In the future, polyethylene will still have a large import replacement space, while the market will be marketed.
Demand growth will also provide greater market space for polyethylene production enterprises. Currently, satellite chemistry has ethylene production capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year, which will increase to 800,000 tonnes/year in 2022, new production capacity will be developed in the direction of specialized materials and ultra-high molecules, and corporate ethylene production will be further enhanced.
Figure 20: Accelerated replacement of polyethylene imports Figure 21: Steady growth in polyethylene production, accelerated deployment of new materials, industry towards higher end and diversification
2.1 The development of the polyolefin industry towards higher endurance is a trend that is largely dependent on imports and has a high potential for domestic production. High end polyolefins are products with high technology content, high application performance and high market value, including mainly polyethylene (mpe), metallic concentration.
Acetylene (mpp), ultra-high molecular polyethylene, polyvinyl hydrocarbons elastomers (poe), ethylene and acetylene condensates (eva), ethylene and acetic acid condensates (eaa), ethylene alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons condensates, etc. Figure 22: High-end polyvinyl hydrocarbons represent products that are largely monopolized by foreign giants
By 2020, the global production of metallic polyolefins was over 15 million tonnes/year, while domestic production of metallic polyolefins was less than 200,000 tonnes, and the market for metallic polyethylene products was dominated by foreign countries. For example, the demand for metallic polyethylene (mpe) was currently around 1 million tonnes in China, with China producing only 110,000 tonnes in 2020, with self-sufficiency rates.
Only 11%, with 9% self-sufficiency for other high-end polyethylene products, e.g., vinylene polyethylene condensates, ethylene ethylene condensates (veoh) not even industrialized. High-end metal polyethylene products are largely monopolized by the international giants, and most of our products are imported. Satellite chemistry is accelerating ethylene ethylene through the National Higher School Science Research Platform.
The polymeric growth chain α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe technology development project is being tested to open up new channels of material downstream. Ultra-magnetized polyethylene (uhmwpe) is a polyethylene transformational direction. Ultra-molecular polyethylene fibres are a powerful high-modem using an average relative molecular mass of 3-6 million polyethylene as a matrix material.
Ethylene fibres, which are high-performance fibres and are associated with aromatic aromatics, carbon fibres and are known as the three major high-tech special fibres of the world today, the areas of downstream demand are mainly marine industries, military equipment, safety protection, sports equipment, buildings, textile collars, etc. In 2015, the demand for ultra-high molecular polyethylene fibres was 20,000 tons, followed by nearly 20% per year.
At the same time, our ultra-molecular polyethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene vinyl industry is affected by high cost of raw materials and inadequate technical standards, and most of its products are still dominated by low- to medium-end, high-molecular molecules.
The gap in actual demand for polyethylene is even greater. In 2021, satellite chemistry will have a polyethylene production capacity of 400,000 tonnes/year, increasing to 800,000 tonnes/year in 2022, polyethylene products will move from general to specialized materials, and the next common division will shift the layout of ultra-molecular polyethylene products, and polyethylene will shift towards high-end, technogenicity.
Ten thousand tonnes/year styrene production capacity, with 400,000 tonnes/year polystyrene downstream. Ps is a polymeric compound synthesized by styrene monomer, a generic thermal plastic with polystyrene divided into generic polystyrene (gpps), polybenzeneene (eps) and HIPS (hips), which are used downstream mainly for home power/electronics, toys, medical devices, etc.
Packaging containers, etc. In recent years, our production of polystyrene has increased steadily, reaching 2.83 million tons in January-November 2021, corresponding to the total annual production in 2020, with a net import of 920,000 tons and a start-up rate of about 74%.
Higher than generic products, domestic ps production capacity will evolve towards high endurance, exclusive material, and progressive national production substitution. Figure 24: High end polystyrene product dependence, Figure 25: Large price difference between generic polystyrene and high end
2.2. eaa is entirely import-dependent and the products have developmental potential The ethylene-propyl acid condensate has a large variety and potential for development. The ethylene-propyl acid condensates include ethylene-propyl acid condensate (eaa), ethylene-propylate copopolymer (ema), ethylene-propylate copolymer (eea),
Eba, ethylene-methylacrylate (emma), ion-type resins (combined with ethylene and acrylic acids or methylpropyl acids) in six groups. Eaaa is consummated by ethylene and acrylic acid at high temperature pressure, with excellent performances and excellent thermal seals, anti-extremism, isolation, etc.
Air and water vapours are widely used in soft packaging such as food medicine, with excellent glues such as metals and glass, and are widely used in cable cables and steel coatings. There are currently no eaa production enterprises in the country because eaa production requires super-pressure conditions (over 147mpa).
Businesses such as mitsui and sk have a monopoly of 90% of the top five firms. Domestic imports of eaaa are about 30,000 tonnes/year, plus other types of ethylene-propyl acid consumables, which have greater potential for substitution for imports.
In cooperation with Skgc, South Korea, it is proposed to co-invest in a joint venture to build a project for 40,000 tonnes/year of ethylene acrylic confluence (eaa) devices in Jiangsu province, with a total investment of $163 million. The project is the third global eaa installation by Skgc, the first set in Asia, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2022.
The project will also extend the Ethylene and Acid chains, calculated at 40% by satellite chemical funding, an average price of 25,000 yuan per tonne for eaa imports, and a Māori rate of 40%, and will contribute 160 million yuan a year in profits for the device, which will be a further profit growth point for the company.
2.3. The company is expected to benefit from the demand for liquid detergents to boost ethanolamine. ethanolamine production needs to increase steadily, and liquid detergents to boost demand for ethanolamine.
It is also used in the areas of pesticides, pharmaceutical products, polyurethane products, textiles, gas purification agents and rubber processing. The combined annual growth rate of ethanolamine from 2018 to 2020 was 8.4 per cent, and external dependence remained at around 38 per cent. In recent years, liquid detergents, represented by laundry fluids, have been rapidly replacing traditional synthetic laundry powder in the future.
Liquid detergents are mainly based on non-ion surfactants such as ethanolamine, which will grow at the same time as consumption of liquid detergents increases. The company’s 100,000 tons/year ethanolamine is expected to contribute $138 million/year.
According to the data, the average profit per product of ethanolamine in 2020 was approximately 1272 yuan per ton, up to 1,489 yuan per ton in 2021, taking into account the advantages of the integration of chemical ethylene ethylene from satellites at a two-year average profit, and conservatively estimated that the project contributed more than 138 million yuan per year.
2.4. The market concentration of polyethers is high, and satellite chemistry is expected to change the pattern of competition. The demand for polyethers increases steadily with the building structure of the real estate and the market is highly concentrated. The polyether monomer, polythyric acid, is the main raw material for high-performance polygenic dehydrates, which can be divided into vinyl polyethylene ethers.
(apeg), isopenyl polyethylene ether (tpeg), methylpropylene polyethylene ether (hpeg), ethylene monoethylene monoethylene diethylene (epeg), etc., are downstream derivatives of ethylene oxide, of which tpeg and hpeg monomer form a larger part of the domestic market. Polymeric acid dehydrates have become the dominant dehydrator in concrete, using them.
The condensed concrete has excellent durability and anti-frozen properties, mainly in the real estate and infrastructure sectors. In the future, with the implementation of a stable land-based Rakia policy and the tightening of environmental protection, the permeability rate of the concentrated acid dehydration agent will increase further, and the demand for the condensed acid depressants is expected to grow steadily.
Colon shares, satellite chemistry, etc., of which Oak shares the condensate tap, market share in 2020, satellite chemistry is strong and is expected to change the pattern of market competition. Satellite chemistry currently has a polyether large monomer output of 250,000 tonnes/year, and is expected to reach 500,000 tonnes/year in 2022. In 2020, we produced about 1.5 million polyethers/year.
Tons, the strength of satellite chemistry, will change the competitive pattern of polyether large monomer markets and break the high concentration of polyether large monomers. The polyether big monomer-epoxy ethylene will be more profitable in the market with a relatively stable price differential.
2.5. The supply and demand of acrylic has improved, the carbon fibre industry has increased its export of acrylic, and the carbon fibre industry has brought new benefits. The domestic acrylic production capacity was 2.069 million tonnes/year in 2017, 3.150,000 tonnes/year in 2021, and the expansion capacity of the acrylic industry reached its peak in 2021.
The acetylene industry is an important source of synthetic plastics, synthetic rubbers and synthetic fibres, and is currently prepared in the mainstream industry in the form of acetylene oxide. Acetylene is mainly used for the production of abs plastics, thiram, acetylamide, etc., and is also used as acetylene oaks.
Rubber, polyether polyols, etc., are essential raw materials or intermediates for many petrochemical products. In recent years, the wind and electricity industries have developed at a high rate, leading to an increase in carbon fibre demand, which has brought new benefits to the demand for acrylate. Carbon fibres are based on acrylic acetylene, and are condensed into polypropylene (pan), which is then taken over by silk, which is preoxidized, carbonated and oxidized.
Carbon fibres have a variety of good properties, such as light, strong, easy to form, corrosion-resistant, high-temperature, and are a new type of high-molecular material that is widely applied in a variety of fields, such as aerospace, wind blades, sports leisure, pressure containers, carbon/carbon composites, cars, etc. With the rapid growth of wind-loading machines, wind-leaf blades are already available.
According to the Global Carbon Fibre Combine Market Report 2020, carbon fibre has the largest share of wind blades downstream, at 29%. According to the National Energy Agency, the year 2021 saw the wind surge in our sea, with 16.9gw installed throughout the year, 1.8 times the build-up of the wind power industry.
The high-speed growth is adding to the demand for acrylonitrile. The satellite chemical c3 industrial chain is expected to produce 260,000 tonnes/year acrylonitrile per year per year by the end of 2022, and the company produces acrylonitrile using a combination of acrylonitrile devices (including synthetic ammonia, acrylonitrile units, mma and sar devices), not only reducing the cost of producing acrylonitrile, but can also be associated with it.
c2 The sub-industrial chain continues to synthesize abs resins and companies will have both the ability to sell acrylic acrylic and self-use.
Figure 29: Acrylonitrile production is growing year by year, with new energy materials, hydrogen energy, solid entry into the new energy track 3.1, battery level dmc supply is tight, and prospects for the future are wide.
The electrolyte is the blood of a power cell and consists mainly of five solvents. Lithium cell electrolyte is made of lithium salt (soluble), solvents, additives. The electrolyte accounts for 6-8% of the cost of a power cell and the solvents for 30% of the cost of an electrolyte. The electrolyte is mainly based on a mixed solution system of carbonate esters, which consists of dimethyl carbonate (dmc), carbon acid.
Diethylene (dec), methylacetate carbonate (emc), ethylene carbonate (ec), and acetyl carbonate (pc). The purity of the liquid solution has a critical effect on the performance of the lithium battery, with the battery level of dmc having a purity of 99.99 per cent and the superpurity level of 99.99 per cent, compared to only about 99.9 per cent at the industrial level, and the solvent precision is a product of battery-grade solvent production.
There are few battery-grade dmc producers in the country, and ester exchange is the dominant method of production. Only a few enterprises in the country can produce battery-grade dmc, of which Ishiba accounts for more than 60% of battery-grade dmc production and currently produce.
At 125,000 tonnes/year, and the only company in the country that can supply five electrolyte solutions at the same time.
Satellite chemistry uses the eoester exchange method to expand the industrial chain of new energy materials in c2. The satellite chemical carbonate project, phase I (including 60,000 tons of dmc, 50,000 tons of ec, 40,000 tons of dec and emc), is due to become operational in the fourth quarter of 2022 and two hundred and fifty thousand tons in 2023.
ethyl carbonate, ethyl carbonate and methanol are exchanged to produce dmc and by-product ethylene diol, which requires further refining of the battery level by distillation or crystallization in order to obtain the battery level dmc. Some 1.905 million tonnes/year of additional domestic dmc, of which the industrial level dmc is capable of producing approximately 1.45 million tonnes/year.
Battery grade is only about 450,000 tonnes/year, industrial level is overcapacity, battery level is undercapacity. 30.000 tonnes/year dmc is a technologically modified capacity based on the original coal-based ethanol device. Because of the higher impurities of coal-chemical route products, battery level dmc is dominated by higher-cost eo ester exchange and is still concentrated in leading companies like Ishi Da-hwa.
Over the next three years, the demand for battery-grade solvents, represented by dmc, will continue to rise, taking into account the rapid development of the new energy automobiles and storage industries. According to the High Industry Research Institute, China’s lithium electricity market grew at a combined annual rate of 33.8% in 2021-2025.
The ethylene ester exchange process, which captures co2 emissions from the production of ethylene oxide, is expected to consume about 0.6 tons of carbon dioxide in 1 ton of carbonate, and is expected to recover nearly 400,000 tons of co2 per year from the project after delivery, not only with better development prospects for the product, but also with a green low-carbon development.
Figure 32: High expected growth in the Lithium Batteries Market in China (gwh) Figure 33: Projected high growth in the consumption of dmc (Mt/t) 3.2. High end polyolefinspoe has high potential for development and benefits from increased photovoltaic demand
Poe is a high-end polyolefin star product with a high concentration of capacity. Poe is a confluence of ethylene and α-vinyl hydrocarbons. When the mass score of α-vinyl hydrocarbons is more than 20%, polyolefin resins shift from thermoplastic to the elastomers, which are marketed on the basis of a confluence of ethylene and octane-1. Poe's physical properties are between plastics and rubber, with plastics in place.
The dual advantages of material and rubber, including high elasticity, high stretchivity, better shock intensity, good cryogenicity and process flow variability, are superior to traditional elastomers in thermal aging and ultraviolet resistance. Poe has greater application potential in areas such as car parts, polymer modifications, photovoltaic film, wire cables, etc.
At present, the world’s poe capacity is concentrated in the big hands of Tao, Mobil, Sani, and Sk, with the top five companies accounting for 97% of the world’s capacity. In 2019, our poe consumed 211,000 tons, an increase of 10.4%, as a result of overseas companies patenting the mooring catalyst and blocking it as important as Poe.
High-carbon α-vinyl hydrocarbons production technology for raw materials. Currently, there are no industrial production plants in the country, some of them are in the middle-test phase, and Poe is still fully dependent on imports.
Memeva film, white eva film, polyolefin (poe) film, condensed polyolefin (eva-poe-eva) film, and other coated film. Because of the high water-resistance and high resistance of the poe film, the photovoltile cell bipolar assembly usually uses poe film.
The market share of the memeva membrane is about 56.7%, a decline of 12.9% compared to 2019, the Phoe membrane ratio rising to 25.5% and, according to cpia, the market share of the membrane is projected to rise further to more than 30% by 2030. With downstream applications, the market for the two-bond components in 2020 has been recognized for the benefit of electricity generation.
In comparison, 15.7 percentage points to 29.7 per cent were increased in 2019, and by 2023, the market share of the two-provincial component is expected to rise to 50 per cent, and the ratio of the two-probate component to the market penetration rate of the boosted poe membrane.
The pool will largely replace the p-type batteries, and the start-up of the demand for the n-type batteries will place higher demands on the battery containment technology. Poe film, because of its superior insulation, matches the technical requirements of the n-type battery for the Pid and increases the protection of the positive generation of the components, the development of the n-type batteries will increase the demand for the poe-type film, the poe-film seepage.
High-speed developments in the photovoltaic industry are certain, and Poe demand is expected to grow. At present, major global economies such as the United States, the European Union, Canada, South Korea, Japan, Australia, etc. that have achieved a global consensus on carbon neutrality, have indicated that they will do so.
With the global economy and energy entering the “carbon-free era”, global photovoltaic new loads are highly certain and are expected to grow faster. According to the Chinese Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the size of the new global photovoltaics in 2025 is, conservatively, 270gw, and the size of the new ones is expected to grow faster.
The latest data from the national statistical office show a 10 per cent increase in the amount of 53.0gw in 2021. Both globally and domestically, the photovoltaic sector has a high degree of certainty and demand for poe will continue to grow.
Satellite chemistry is now accelerating ethylene polymeric growth chain α-vinyl hydrocarbons and Poe technology development projects through the National Science and Technology Platform. According to Drone Information, January 2022, China will be providing new imaginative space for company performance.
The price of inwardly imported poe is as high as $22,000-25000 per ton, and the company’s commissioning of poe will not only provide a broad margin of profit, but will also accelerate the replacement of domestic production and further boost domestic poe demand. 3.3. Hydrogen water progresses to high-end electron levels, with the prospect of a sustained supply of semiconductors, photovoltaic chains, etc.
Technical barriers are high. Wet electronic chemicals are critical electronics for the production of wet processes such as integrated circuits, separation units, display panels, solar cells, etc., including acids, alkalis, solvents such as sulphuric acid, hydrofluoric acid, dioxyhydrazine, ammonia, nitrate, isopropanol, etc.
The upstream industry of basic chemical materials and downstream electronic information materials is characterized by hyperpurity, high purity, high specifications, low use of individual varieties, rapid product renewal, high quality control requirements, stringent environmental cleanliness requirements for production and use, and high technical barriers.
G1-g5 levels are divided into g1-g5 levels, the higher the level of product requirements. G1-g2 chemicals are mainly used in the production of separation devices, and g3-g4 chemicals are used in the manufacture of large-scale integrated circuits and super-large integrated circuits.
The semiconductor, photovoltaic industry is high, and the company’s electronic-grade dioxygen water is expected to continue to benefit. According to stumpage information consultation, global electronic-grade dioxygen water was used mainly in general and solar cells (58%), semiconductor tons in 2020, 7.15 million tons in 2020, with a combined annual growth rate of 18%, and is expected to increase further in 2021.
Satellite chemistry currently has 220,000 tonnes of hydro-oxygen capacity per year, with product levels reaching the g1-g2 standard, mainly as cleaning fluids Supplying China-East Photovoltaic Production Enterprises with a new electron-grade DHA of 250,000 tonnes per year in 2022, which is expected to reach the g3-g4 standard, benefiting from the continued high temperature of the semiconductor, photovoltaic industry, and extensive company-level dioxygen water.
A large market space in which companies are expected to continue to benefit. 3.4, home-grown hydrogen energy, industrial by-product hydrogen has a scale and cost advantage. Hydrogen is now in the early stages of rapid development as the most potentially clean energy source.
High heat, high conversion rates, etc., are recognized as the second most promising energy source in the twenty-first century. Hydrogen energy development is very important for reducing energy efficiency, decarbonizing deep, and improving energy efficiency. In a carbon-neutral context, the hydrogen energy industry has been strongly supported by policies. On March 23, 2022, the country's development reform took place.
The Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued the Long-term Plan for the Development of Helium Energy Industry (2021-2035). The Plan identifies the energy attributes of hydrogen, which is an integral part of the future national energy system, to take full advantage of the clean low-carbon characteristics of hydrogen energy and to promote green low-carbon transformation in sectors such as transport, industry and energy-intensive, high-emissions industries.
In addition, the Plan proposes basic principles for the development of the hydrogen energy industry, targets for all stages of the development of the hydrogen energy industry, and important initiatives to promote the high-quality development of the hydrogen energy industry.
At the strategic level. The hydrogen-energy industry chain consists of numerous links, such as upstream hydrogen production, medium-stream hydrogen storage and downstream hydrogen, which is still in the early stages of rapid development, with the strong support of national policies, as wind power, light voltage and other renewable energy sources become available due to the high cost of electrolysis hydrogen storage, difficulties in storing hydrogen and inadequate downstream consumption sites.
Our hydrogen industry is still dominated by coal-based hydrogen, and industrial by-product hydrogen has a large scale and cost advantage. There are four main pipelines for hydrogen production, gasification, natural gas remodelling, industrial by-product hydrogen, and electrolytic hydrogen.
The cost of industrial by-product hydrogen varies according to the by-product gas composition, with propane, ethane dehydrogen dehydration having large hydrogen content, high purity, relatively low cleaning costs, a rapid increase in hydrogen production in our country, and industrial by-product hydrogen is expected to be a breakthrough in hydrogen use.
With a 13.6% growth rate, helium can be expected to enter a fast-growing path. At a time when helium, China’s most dominant form of coal production, is facing high costs, there is still a long way to go to achieve clean development in the true sense of hydrogen.
In the case of propane and ethane by-product hydrogen, where hydrogen production is generally located in the South-East Coastal Chemical Industrial Park, the region has a large economy and population, close to the consumer centres provides a breakthrough in hydrogen energy development, while hydrogen storage is not yet mature. Satellite chemistry actively embraces hydrogen energy and new energy transformations add another child. As of 2021, the satellite chemistry is 900,000.
Tons/years of propane dehydration devices and 1.25 million tonnes/year combined production of hydrogen in excess of 140,000 tonnes/year, with the expansion of the c2 and c3 industrial chain, satellite chemical hydrogen production is expected to be around 300,000 tonnes/year in 2023, and the company will be the largest helium producer in the east of China. The company ' s hydroxylene dehydrate helium by-product gas purity is 99.99% and can be directly used as helium energy.
Source uses, companies respond positively to the 14th Plan of the country, increase their use of by-product hydrogen, and actively promote and achieve carbon neutrality. At present, corporate hydrogen use has opened a new era, with three main aspects of planning and utilization: first, planning demonstration projects for hydrogen energy utilization in the park, including hydrogen energy shuttles, hydrogen energy storage, etc. applicable to staff commuters:
Recycled economy and renewable energy use in parks, supply of green hydrogen to park enterprises, reduction of CO2 emissions from within-plant hydrogen production; third, chemical development designed to be based on hydrogen, e.g., electron dioxywater, use of nitrogen and hydrogen in epoxy-ethane production to provide synthetic ammonia for acetylene, use of ethylene oxide production
Carbon dioxide methanol provides raw materials, etc. for dmc, forming synergies in the industrial chain and building a green low-carbon production model AC esters: (1) assuming negative operation of 180,000 tonnes/year AC and 300,000 tonnes/yearly ACCP in 2022; (2) 2021, recovery of downstream demand after the outbreak, high prices for some chemical products, ACs and esters
High profitability with a projected high price of 2022-2023, supported by acrylic acid and ester prices and slightly less than 2021 but still high. ethylene diol, epoxy ethane: 730,000 tonnes/year of epoxy ethylene were used mainly for downstream concentration in phase 2 of the Project.
Ethers monomer and ethanol are produced, and sales of ethylene ethylene and ethylene are maintained at a single stage of petrochemical levels in the harbour. polyether monomer monomer: 500,000 tonnes/year in 2022 and full production, with a slight decrease in the Mäori ratio for 2020.
Butoconeal/isopentadiol/ethanolamine: Butoconeol, isopendol are actually self-used for the production of acrylates, assuming that the ethanol is used to calculate income and profits at market prices.
Dioxyhydride: 250,000 tonnes/year of dioxygen water contributed general profits in 2022 and its profitability remained stable. New energy materials and other operations: production based on company production planning for carbonate, eaaa, acetylene, etc.
(b) The low-cost & high-barrel high-quality track of the c2 project has been validated, production capacity has steadily increased, and cheap ethane in the United States has secured raw material supply, while companies have been determined to deploy new materials downstream, new energy tracks and transform new low-carbon green materials.
Risk of significant price fluctuations for raw materials: company main raw material is propane and ethane, price of propane is subject to a combination of international oil prices, geopolitics, downstream demand, and there is a risk of large price fluctuations for company raw materials. International trade policy implications: company c2 industrial chain feedstock ethane is imported from the United States and may be subject to international trade policy
The project has not progressed as expected: the company ' s c2 industrial chain, phase II, the c3 industrial chain, 900,000 tonnes/year pdh, and the new energy materials project are still under construction and will have a greater impact on the company ' s profitability if the project is not progressing as expected.