In the Ninder era (300,750.sz), power cell taps are strong, and storage can open a new chapter in accelerated development. The company has been at the top of the global power cell list for seven years in a row. The company is the world's leading lithium battery producer.
Year after year, it was the power cell industry of the leading global consumer battery company atl. In 2017, the company came to the top of the global power cell export list, and since then, the company’s global power cell market has been at its top, s0980080803.
The demand for power and storage batteries has grown steadily, and the leading business is strong. With regard to the new energy vehicle market, the demand for power cells has continued to increase, and we expect a steady decline in global demand for power cells in 2024, which is expected to boost the release of energy demand, and we expect a global demand for storage batteries in 2024.
The lithium battery industry is a typical technology-intensive, capital-intensive, talent-intensive industry, with companies relying on technology, size, channels, etc. to bind their core customers well and their market share is expected to rise steadily.
Corporate R & D and manufacturing capabilities are leading the world, and globalization has a competitive advantage. Companies value technological innovation, investment in R & D and team sizes, high performance, comprehensive layout, and so on. In manufacturing, companies develop their own core equipment, reducing equipment inputs through such technologies as super-plugs, etc.
Companies have deployed over 100 gwh bases in Germany, Hungary, etc., and are actively working with their European and American clients through the technology empowerment model. Companies are now well ahead of their domestic counterparts in terms of the speed of globalization and the advancement of low-carbon projects.
The company’s share of global power cells is expected to rise steadily, and storage and other scenarios will contribute to long-term development. On the domestic market, companies rely on their own kiosk batteries, etc., to continue to secure host plant locations and, through catlinside, to strengthen consumer branding, the market share is steadily warming; on the overseas market, companies rely on overseas bases, etc.
High-quality products are expected to gain a greater share in the new European car firm. Global financing costs are falling.
In terms of profitability, the company’s overseas clients have developed a smooth and promising profit-making capacity; and in terms of the company’s profitability, the Ninder’s Times (300,750.sz)-2023’s mid-season review - the second quarter’s profit ring is stable.
The old policy was stringent, the unit capacity investment was low, and it was expected that the unit manufacturing costs for the subsequent expansion phase would be significantly reduced. In addition, the company’s accounting treatment was prudent and the premium and receivable impairments were adequate, but the Ninder era (300,750.sz) was reported in the first quarter of 2023 - a quarter’s earning capacity
In the Ningde era (300,750.sz) - Fourth Quarterly Profitability Circle (QFC): global leadership in corporate R & D and manufacturing, and a strong global battery tap.
Ningde: The world ' s lithium battery industry leads the industry of deep-dry lithium and thin-haired batteries, the world ' s largest power storage battery. The company was founded in 2011 as a former global consumer battery.
In 2012, the company entered into a partnership with BMW, which led to the opening of customers like Woo-tung, upper steam, Gilly, etc. In 2018, the company was in deep contact with ipo and entered the Daimler, mass supply chain. In 2023, the company released new products such as condensed batteries, and the Jompo supercharged batteries. The company moved globally in 2023.
In 2023, the world's power cell market was the first in seven consecutive years, with 40% of the world's storage battery market and top of the world's list. The company actually controls the president.
Company management teams are experienced and have a good understanding of industry technology.
To benefit from the global wave of motor motorization, corporate performance has continued to grow steadily, benefiting from the rapid growth of the global motorization and storage market, with corporate revenues and profits equal to 2019-2023.
The company’s main products and services include: 1) power cell systems: cover cores, modules and battery packages. 2) Storage power cell systems: cover product solutions such as cores, battery cabinets, storage containers and exchange side systems.
3) Battery material and recovery: Battery material products include, inter alia, lithium salt, pre-drivers and positive materials, and companies collect used battery metal materials and other materials for processing into batteries. 4) Battery mineral resources: investment in, operation of, etc. resource projects such as lithium nickel phosphorus. 5) Other business: mainly waste disposal and technology
Technology licences, R & D services, etc. The price of lithium carbonate, the raw materials of batteries, continued to rise in 2021-2022, with a slight lag in company price transmission, a steady decline in cost, sustained cost optimization, and a significant repair of profitability.
Since the company's listing, multiple rounds of equity incentives have been introduced to share business development results with its employees. The company has issued an annual equity incentive scheme since 2018-2023, and the number of employees covered by the incentive schemes has remained largely in the thousands.
The firm, through its equity incentive program, is deeply tied to its core cadre of talent, sharing development gains with its employees, and strengthening the firm’s core competitiveness. Business income and net return profits are significantly larger than those of its peers.
Figure 19: Net interest rates for the Ninder era versus some battery companies (%): Mäori rates for the Ningde era versus some battery companies (%)
At a lower level in the industry, and in recent years, the system has continued to be optimized, the management cost rate has been gradually reduced, and the overall cash flow of the company ' s operations has been stable. The net cash flow of the company ' s operations in 2019-2023 is shown in figure 22: Net cash flow of the Ninder era with some battery companies (billion yuan).
The company’s inventory turnover and receivables turnover rates are higher in the industry. The company’s inventory management efficiency continues to be optimized, with an overall upward trend in the stock turnover rate and a higher level in the industry.
Corporate asset-liability ratios are at the industry average and are highly solvent. The industry as a whole is expanding continuously, the public sector has maintained an asset-liability ratio of around 70% over the past five years, and the corporate asset-liability ratios and equity multipliers are at the industry average.
At the same time, construction in progress/fixed asset ratios are low in the industry. Automobile electricization is strong, battery-leaders are consistently strong, new global energy vehicle sales are rising steadily, and storage markets are growing steadily.
The global market for new energy vehicles is expected to continue to grow at a significant rate, driven by policies, supply, and demand. 1) Policies: domestic binary policies, double carbon policies, and European carbon-reduction policies are positive for the development of the new energy-car industry.
Policies have stimulated a steady increase in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles. 2) Supply: domestic and foreign automobiles continue to increase their electric inputs and new energy vehicles continue to grow in abundance. 3) Demand: Restricted purchase policies in some cities in the country have led to a shift in consumer demand towards electric vehicles: while electric cars are in the country
Domesticly, cars continue to refine the pure electricity matrix, pushing out medium- and high-end models to expand their coverage; and plug-in-mixed vehicles continue to increase their power levels in order to provide consumers with electricity.
The US market, where the suv, pickup, market account for about 70% of the total market, will continue to rise in the future, with a significant increase in single-car capacity. According to the China Power Battery Industry Innovation Alliance, the average number of new domestic energy vehicles carrying electricity in 2023 was 47.2kwh, an increase of 1.1kwh compared to the previous year.
With the rapid growth in the volume of new energy vehicles and the increase in single-car power, power cells are expected to grow faster than the overall volume increase. We expect global power cell demand (taking into account stocks, etc.) to reach 2024-2027, respectively, as global financing costs follow or steadily decline, and storage markets will maintain high growth rates.
The power station project is expected to continue to outpace distribution as the backbone of the new energy loader, and the need for storage is expected to increase steadily. In the same time, the rapid growth of shared storage, business storage, etc., is expected to lead to a steady increase in storage loads. Overseas storage demand is expected to release further in the context of lower financing costs. Moreover, lithium battery prices
The price of the declining-led storage system continues to decline, and the economy of the storage system is expected to increase steadily. As a result, we expect global demand for storage batteries to reach 231gwh in 2024, 381gwh in 2027, and domestic firms to accelerate overseas deployment.
Lithium batteries are a clear technology-intensive, capital-intensive, talent-intensive industry, where process optimization takes long-term time accumulation and trial error, and is a core competition among battery companies. With increased competition in the industry, leading firms rely on technology, size, etc., to better bind core customers.
The market share has risen steadily. Moreover, some of the mainframe plants are still insisting on asset self-research batteries, but third-party battery companies will remain the most important players in the industry in the future, against the backdrop of a strong overall industry capacity, head-to-head enterprise costs and a significant lead in technology.
Global Power Battery Markets: The Ningde era’s strong and powerful, with a rapid rise in the share of domestic firms. The Ningde era ranked first in the world’s power cell load from January to May 2024, with 37.5% of the city’s share, up from 2023, and in recent years, domestic firms, represented by the Ningde era, Biadi, China Innovation, have been active in developing domestic and foreign customers.
Overseas firms have performed poorly, and the share of domestic head battery companies is expected to rise steadily. In July 2024, lig new energy sources indicated that they were affected by low sales of electric cars, and companies expected to make about $1.03 billion in profits from operations of 2024q2.
All senior management employees earn an annual salary until the company loses its profits. Overseas firms have their own business difficulties or some delay in following up their technology development, production and distribution, while domestic head-power battery companies, such as Ningde, Lithium billion, are profitable and active in product rotation and overseas production and distribution, followed by their share in the global market.
The domestic power cell market: the Ningde era experienced a small recovery and the head business share was relatively concentrated. The domestic power cell market was 46.4% in the 2024h1nd era, an increase of 3.3 pct from 2023; the market was 61.9% in the domestic power cell market, excluding Biadi, an increase of 2.7 pct from 2023.
The market for performance products has risen rapidly, and the market for core customers is expected to remain stable in the Ningde era. There are 50 power cell companies in the energy automobile market that have installed their cars, down 2 from 2023.
In close cooperation with customers such as Tesla, the general public, Daimler, etc., the company continues to open up the European market; it achieves an increase in its share through its outstanding skill and comprehensive product mix. Looking ahead, the motorization of European car companies is steadily moving forward, and a new set of points will continue to rise, with the perfect match between Germany and the Hungarian factories of the Ninder era, strong.
The global reserve battery market: domestic firms have a significant advantage in lithium cell technology. In 2023, Ningde was ranked first in the global reserve battery market, with a share of 40.0%.
The battery industry is relatively efficient, and domestic firms are accelerating their expansion abroad. According to the expansion program of major power cell companies at home and abroad, we expect global power cell companies on the second line and above to have sufficient capacity in the coming years.
Global demand for power cells and storage batteries. With restrictions such as overseas policies, domestic firms are accelerating the expansion of overseas production capacity, building new bases generally in Europe and South-East Asia to better serve overseas customers.
(b) Technology accumulation and customer development phase (up to 2014): building on existing consumer battery technology accumulation and branding
The company’s founding team was set up in 1999 to become the world’s largest consumer battery producer. The power cell industry was established in 2008 atl.
In 2012, the company, relying on years of technological accumulation, atl endorsement, and outstanding customer service capabilities, obtained an order of no. 1 e of the BMW's first pure tram. Based on BMW requirements for batteries, the company gradually refined and developed the international best product development, production and service capabilities.
In 2013, the company began to develop power cells for the world’s largest bus company, Wootung. The company then worked together with Puled, Jili, Chinese, East Wind, Xiamen Kinglong, among others.
Industry development, with companies at the top of the global power cell list. In 2015, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the Standard Conditions for the Automotive Pool Industry to support the rapid development of home-grown battery enterprises in the country: the Ministry of Finance and others issued a circular on the adjustment of fiscal subsidies for the promotion of new energy vehicles at the end of 2016, which will provide fiscal subsidies and power cell systems.
The company's forward-looking tri-dollar batteries and multi-tech routes such as phosphate lithium batteries have benefited from the rapid growth of the tri-dollar battery industry. In 2017, the company first took the global power cell load list, the offshore layout phase (2018-2021): the company accelerated the expansion of overseas customers and the growth of production bases to globalize.
In 2018, the company entered into a supply agreement with BMW, BMW, Volkswagen, and Japanese products, and entered the Daimler supply chain. In the same year, the company officially began laying out a German factory, which was in operation in early 2023. In 2019, the company entered into a comprehensive cooperation agreement with Toyota. In 2020, the company entered into a supply agreement with Tesla.
Conference. In January 2024, the company ' s power cell load for the first time went beyond the lig new energy source and became the world ' s number one. Figure 37: Global power cell market coverage in the Ningde era, technology iterative and diversified development phase (2022-present): battery products continuously and cumulatively upgraded, storage and powered
In recent years, companies have published products such as sodium ion batteries, americium batteries, naphthales batteries, detours, skyline batteries, etc. that continue to optimize power cell product performance and strengthen global leadership. At the same time, companies have actively promoted multi-leadings such as storage power, electric aircraft, electric ships, etc.
Research and development and manufacturing capabilities are leading the world, accounting is careful to cast high-quality statements Technology: corporate research and development is leading the world, products are well organized, performance is excellent, and they are fast-paced
Companies value technological innovation, and the size of R & D investment and R & D teams is a global leader. In 2023, the R & D team was 20.6 million people, or 18% of the total number of companies, leading the industry.
Product performance is industry-dominated. 1) Material system: Triple and Lithium, with new material applications advancing steadily. For three-dollar batteries, the energy density of high nickel products from the public sector is over 255wh/kg, the multiplier performance is over 5c, and performance advantages are evident.
There are multi-system solutions such as super-high nickel trio batteries, high nickel trio batteries, medium nickel trio batteries, etc., to meet client diversification needs. phosphate batteries were launched by the company in 2023, leading the industry to achieve a 40-speed supply of lithium;
In 2024, the Gospel Plus version was launched, with a high-profile performance of 1,000 km and 4c. In addition, the company launched a high-security, long-lived, high-value m3p battery for medium- and high-end vehicles with a range of about 700 km.
For storage applications, in 2024, the company launched a solar-spill energy system dedicated to long-lived lithium phosphate cores in a series of l storages. The system has achieved a super-high energy reserve of 6.25mwh of 20-foot containers and is able to achieve zero decay in capacity for the first five years and zero decay in power for the first five years.
The company actively uses materials such as carbon nanotubes, silicon-based negative poles to increase battery energy density and multiplier performance; at the same time, it continuously optimizes the material system through the deployment of advanced materials such as composite streams. 2) Battery systems: industrialization of products such as sodium ion batteries, condensate batteries, etc. continues to accelerate.
The first generation of sodium sodium battery products, with an energy density exceeding 160wh/kg, is a global leader in performance. In April 2023, the company released a condensed concentrated cell product with a single energy density exceeding 500wh/kg, achieving a high ratio of energy to high safety.
3) System structure: In 2019, companies released their first global ctp battery packages, in 2022, they released their ctp 3.0 technology, and the battery volume utilization rate was raised from 55% to 72%, continuously optimizing the battery bag structure. In 2024, companies announced that the cic integrated smart chassis based on ctc technology would be launched in Aveta and planned to be achieved in 2024.
In addition, the company introduced ab-chip blending technology, breaking the SDS performance threshold and achieving excellence in manufacturing: production lines are efficient, good and effective, and the scale effect is clear. The company’s production lines are characterized by low unit input, efficiency, and high efficiency.
Auto-research and development of critical equipment such as high-speed and decentralized blending systems, high-speed squeeze coating machines, high-speed model cutters, etc., to improve product consistency. At the same time, companies work with technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, etc. to create smart platforms to improve quality control and good quality of all-round products.
The company's experience with multigenerational production lines has led to the introduction of super-plug-line designs. The company's eighth generation super-intellectual production line, psl, achieved a 70% reduction in the number of people and a 300% increase in speed. In 2023, the company's new generation of super-plug-lines began to be comprehensive.
In addition, the company super-pulsing technology has led to a significant increase in production efficiency, which has led to a significant reduction in single-gwh capacity fixed-asset inputs and financial efficiency. Markets: global deployment of low-carbon production bases, technology empowerment model participation in the global electric vehicle market
Companies are involved in overseas electric vehicle market development through globalized investment on the one hand, and technology empowerment on the other. Currently, companies have established six major R & D centres in China and Germany, and 13 major production bases in China, Germany and Hungary. In addition, companies are conducting technology with overseas customers, such as Ford Motors.
The enabling model works together and actively participates in the market for electric cars like the United States. Compared to domestic firms, firms' overseas bases are scalding and building faster, and are at the forefront of the industry at the pace of technology empowerment.
In 2023, the European Union formally adopted a new battery method, which states that rechargeable industrial batteries, light vehicles batteries and power cells with a capacity greater than 2 kwh, meet the relevant criteria for carbon footprints and provide carbon footprint reports in accordance with the prescribed calculation methods.
In April 2024, the European Commission issued draft rules and annexes for the calculation of the carbon footprint of electric vehicle batteries, retaining only two calculation models: "A national average power consumption mix" and "direct electricity".