In the end, there's still 10 times as much room as 11 twh.
Source vehicle penetration is only 20 per cent, storage is still in the early stages of development, and we measure the global volume of new energy vehicles at 16.9 million for 24 years, maintaining an increase of 20 per cent, affected by the increase in the power supply ratio, a little less than 20 per cent growth in global power cells, while the demand for storage batteries remains at almost 50 per cent, and lithium batteries.
Overall demand increased by 24 per cent to 1.1 twh, with 26 years of new vehicle cycles overseas, with continuous storage requirements in emerging areas such as engineering machinery, robotics, aircraft ships, final electricization scenarios, lithium battery demand projected to be over 11 twh, industry still 10 times more space, and lithium power plants are powered and intelligent.
The global advantage of the Ningde era has been strengthened, raising its share by 25 years. On the power side, the Ningde era has been stable at 37% in 24 years, with a domestic share of 45-50% and an overseas share rising to 27%. With the opening of new items such as the Gods and the thorium, the domestic share is expected to stabilize.
In terms of storage capacity, Ninder's share in 24 years is 40% of the world's share and 50% of the United States region's share of the megapack, which is being used for the sole purpose of tesla's megapack.
As storage cell performance requires gradual improvement, the Ningde era has continued to strengthen storage competitiveness with outstanding safety, full cycle costs and after-sale advantages, with forward city coverage expected to be 40-50%. Corporate profitability is higher than expected, and long-term competitiveness is maintained. Offshore pricing patterns can be maintained, walled up.
High profit margins, low domestic battery prices, downside second-line cash costs, overall battery prices, less room for exploration, while Nender-era profits maintained 0.1/wh, the gap with the domestic two-and-three line, and the gap with overseas battery plants widened, reflecting the company's extremely high costs, technologies and regulations.
Model advantages, as well as different structures of high overseas share. With fewer new production expected in 24H2-25 years, industry supply and demand will improve, leading product technology will continue to innovate, new product volumes will vary over 24 years, different levels of profit will be achieved, super-lines will be upgraded, 26 years alone.
In the future, the Ningde era has led to the development of technology, sustained high levels of R & D inputs, comprehensive deployment of new materials, new technologies and new manufacturing, and the creation of differentiated competition that sustains long-term competitiveness. In addition, the adoption of rigorous accounting has led to long-term competitiveness.
Treatment, including Quality Guarantee, Returned, Depreciation and Inventory Impairment, Ningde (300,750): The apparent net profit from the 2024 semi-annual report was underestimated, and the net cash flow from operating activities had been much greater than the net profit, and the net cash flow had been more than the net profit.
The quality of subsequent cash flows is expected to improve continuously.
The core assumption is that, in the event of the end, we're assuming an electric rate of 80 per cent by car, 70 per cent by commercial car, and a storage capacity.
1.1. Lithium electro-space: powering is still promising, with global lithium battery demand of nearly 1.1 twh for over 11 twh over 24 years, sustained 20-25 per cent growth in recent years and low penetration in emerging areas.
At present, only about 20% of the world’s new energy vehicle penetration is still in the early stages of development, with storage still in the early stages of development, and lithium battery demand is expected to exceed 11 twh, with 10 times the industry’s space remaining. At the structural level, power storage remains the dominant demand, with a 90% end-up, a significant increase in storage, and an emerging area.
In 24 years, the demand for power storage was 96%, of which 770gwh, or 73%, for new energy vehicles, 85gwh, or 8%, for new energy commercial vehicles, and 155gwh, or 15%. At the end of the day, power storage was still the main demand, or 90%, and storage was significantly higher.
The demand for vehicles decreased from 5.6 twh to 49 per cent, for new energy commercial vehicles from 1.4 twh to 12 per cent, for storage from 3.5 twh to 30 per cent and for emerging areas from 10 per cent, including 0.6 twh to 5 per cent for engineering machinery, 0.3 twh to 3 per cent for robotics and 0.1 twh to 1 per cent for aircraft vessels.
Figure 2: Global Lithium battery sub-area needs and ratios, 2024 (gwh, %) Figure 3: Global lithium battery sub-area needs and ratios, end-of-the-life (gwh, %)
Over 24 years of over-anticipated domestic domestic export and overseas export and overseas, with 20 per cent growth maintained globally, and tens of thousands abroad, with local markets benefiting from mixed over-expected growth (to 43 per cent +) and projected to grow by 26 per cent to 10.3 million, with 84 million vehicles expected to be sold globally, with over 80 per cent penetration and battery demand at the end of the cycle.
5.6 twh, there is still almost seven times more space. In 24 years, the estimated global market for new energy vehicles is 15,540,000 vehicles, with a penetration rate of 20 per cent, and 790 gwh for batteries; in the future, the projected global market for new energy vehicles is 3,6.17 million vehicles, with a penetration rate of 39 per cent, and the demand for batteries is 2.1 twh; and, at the end of the cycle, 100 million vehicles are expected to be sold worldwide at the power level.
Of this total, 84 million new energy vehicles are expected to be sold, with a penetration rate of 82 per cent, and 5.6 twh for batteries, with still excess storage capacity: 80 per cent for final non-fossil energy consumption, 155gwh for batteries for 3-4 twh 24 years, with a similar increase of 53 per cent, higher overseas storage and higher European household storage.
Quicker recovery. Sub-applications show that 24 years of global photovoltaic storage account for a major demand, with a total of 155gwhh, or 53 per cent, of new energy reservoir requirements in areas such as stacking commerce, household use and wind power. Sub-regions show that 43gwh, or 90 per cent, of installed aircraft in the United States of America, and that the problem of netting is gradually being eased, with large projects beginning to be delivered; and Europe ' s installation needs of 21gwh, or a 17 per cent increase;
China’s need for aircraft is 72gwh, an increase of 43%, and the rate of growth is slowing. Large overseas reserves remain relatively high, and the global demand for energy storage is close to 880gwh. Figure 7: Global sub-type energy loader forecast for 2021-2030 (gwh)
At the end of the day, non-fossil energy consumption accounted for 80 per cent of the annual average of 1,500 gw, corresponding to 3-4 twh for storage cells, with 15-20 times more space. Twenty-four years, with 525 gw for new photovoltaics worldwide, 6.1 per cent for photovoltaics and 155gwh for new energy assemblers; in the future, 1347gw for new photovoltaics worldwide, 20.2 per cent for photovoltaics, were added to the world.
The need for a new energy mixer is 880 gwh; at the final level, the global energy structure transition has been completed, non-fossil energy consumption is 80%, the annual average increase in photovoltaic power is 1,500 gw, the annual average increase in photovoltaic power is 52.3%, and the cumulative supply of aai is required, and the emerging area is 1.4. Engineering machinery + robotic contribution increases, with forward demand exceeding 1 twh
In addition to moving the storage market, the fields of engineering machinery, aircraft ships and robots have contributed more than 1 twh in total forward demand. In 24 years, the global need for aircraft loading in emerging areas such as engineering machinery, aircraft ships and robots has increased by 47gwh, or 38 per cent, with engineering machinery (including specialized vehicles) showing high growth, while the remaining areas are relatively small and robotic forward contributions have increased.
At the end of the day, we expect more than 1 twh in the emerging areas, of which 602 gwh is required for engineering machinery, 339 gwh for robots, 148gwh for aircraft ships, with a total of 20 times more space.
11twh, there is still 10 times more room, and lithium power producers still have much to offer in the fields of electric motorization, intelligence, etc.
The global competitive advantage of the Ningde era has been strengthened, with global shares stabilizing at 37% in 24 years, domestic shares remaining at 45-50%, overseas shares rising to 27% and expected to rise further after 25 years h2. In terms of city share, 24 years of Ningde’s power force has stabilized at 37%, storage shares have stabilized at 40%, and the future is expected to show a steady upturn.
Battery suppliers diversified, and the share of two or three suppliers increased, but the Ningde era maintained a higher share in the hot-gate model through the use of new products such as the Oracle, with a stable domestic follow-up share of 45-50 per cent; overseas, Europe ' s new fixed point 2.2. Power: Global share of the Ningde era was 37.5 per cent, followed by a steady increase in the market share
In terms of the global dynamic market, the Ningde time share was 37.5 per cent globally in January-May, with 2.4 pct, 26.9 per cent overseas, rising to the top of the world. The Ningde era installed 107.0gwh in January-May 24 years, 37.5 per cent globally, and 2.4 pct, with Biadi/lges/tristarsdi/skon/soon/medium-based global share of Innovative Lines
The share of the ball has risen steadily, the share of lges, skon and pine has declined more, and we expect the city to remain at around 37% in 24 years, with a strong global leader.
Figure 13: Changes in the share of global power in the Ningde era 25.1 per cent of the market share, 4.8 per cent lower than in the same year, diversification of suppliers in the Ningde era, and diversification of suppliers in the Ningde era, but the Ningde era maintained a higher share in the popular car type, followed by a higher share in the future
The share of the country can be maintained at 45-50 per cent for 24 years through the release of new products such as the deities, quails, quails, rock and skywalks.According to the diversification of the suppliers of cars and the stabilization of the domestic share of hot cars and the dismantling of domestic packages, we find that the suppliers of cars are still diverse, and that their share is rising.
But Cyrus/Ideals/Mitres have a high share of hot new cars, and 24 years of special cars + hot new cars sales have continued to rise, central to the stability of their share within Germany. In Tesla and in the joint venture, the situation is relatively stable, with the Ningde’s share rising by around 2 ptt for 24 years.
The share of the lig in new energy sources is 15.8%, a decrease of 3.6 pct over 23 years; and) the share of the joint ventures is 80.6% in January-June 24 years in the Ningde era, an increase of 1.5 pct over 23 years.
In Autonomous and New Power Cars, despite a clear trend towards diversification of suppliers, Cyrus/Ideal/Apparent Krypton/Small Meal sales have increased, with a higher share in the Ninder era, a stable share in 24 years of Autonomous Cars and a 4.7 ptt. 1) Autonomous Cars have achieved 44.9 per cent in January-June 24, a decline of 0.3 pt from 23 years.
The city’s share is largely stable. The Jili/Hong Kong car/Gang An vehicle/uploads of the Great Wall car/East Wind vehicle car share of the car/Celese car/Celese car/New Energy/Governance motor vehicle share is 85% + in passenger and specialized cars, and 3.5 pct is further increased in 24 years, dedicated to 24 years.
There was a significant increase in the load of vehicles, compared with a 150% increase + and a 2.5% decrease in the share of the Ningde era. 1) The passenger car, in the 24th year of Ningde, achieved 86.3% in January-June, an increase of 3.5% in 23 years. Of these, the share of Utun/Kinglong/Medi passenger vehicle was 67.0% in June, a decrease of 2.5% in the share of 23 years.
The combined results show that domestic suppliers of vehicles and batteries have diversified, with an increased share for two or three suppliers, but in the hot-gate model, the leading share is high, stabilizing the market share in Germany. The market share of the Ningde era is a ratio of the share of the car and the volume of the vehicle fleet. The combined result is that, in terms of the share of the car company, the suppliers were further diversified in January-June of 24th year, and the two or three suppliers were further diversified in January-June.
A slight increase in the share, as measured by the ratio of the number of vehicles installed, based on the Ningde apparel, Biadi in January-June 24, based on the structure of the product: the God + the new product of the thorium, the proportion of the installed machine gradually rising, the product structure of the thorium + the new product released in March, the percentage of the installed unit gradually increasing, and the Ningde era being strengthened.
Domestic competitiveness. The Ninde-era Godship battery is currently equipped with vehicles such as Krypton 001, aionyplus, Vulcan-Alfat5, Red Flag e-qm5, Starceries et/es, 3.1gwh, or 6.7%, of the domestic iron and lithium loading machine, and we expect the vehicle to be fully equipped with the vehicle as it follows.
Reload around 10-15gwh; thorium batteries are currently equipped with vehicles such as kryptonite 001/009, idealmega, and Misu7 with a cumulative load of 5.7gwh in January/June 24 years, which is 12.1% compared to the domestic trio, which we expect to be installed around 15gwh throughout the year. We expect that the 24 years of the Ningde era will account for 30% of the volume of new products such as tremor + zirconium + + + domestic production.
In August 2023, the Shinde era released a 4c Supercharged Cell, charged with 10min recharge capacity of 400 km, continued over 700 km and delivered in December 2023 on a large scale.
In April 2024, the Ningde era released the Gospel Plus battery, which combines 1,000 and 4c kilometres of continued sailing with 10min recharge of 600 km, with a volume energy density of 205wh/kg based on ctp3.0. The Gospel battery is a super-high-value fast-loaded product for the Ningde era, positioning a 10-20 million-dollar vehicle with a flat-priced moving properties, which is expected to go further.
In June of 2022, the Ningde era released ctp3.0 technology-thyresium batteries, with system integration creating a new world.
Quantities are achieved. The cellular structure is well designed, making the beams, water coolers and insulations multifunctional elastic layers, and using a core inverted design with a top-level energy density, safety and fast charge. The cell is a high-end product built for the Ningde era, positioning 300,000 and more models, and the product is of higher value and makes a bright excess profit.
There are already a lot of patent protections that make it difficult to follow up on second-line and overseas battery plants.
The rock chassis is an integrated smart chassis, which promotes the design of body couplings to get off and off, and further enhances the voice of the industrial chain. In April 2024, the Ninder era released a skateboard chassis rock chassis to achieve 120 km/face impact non-explosion, non-flammability, and significantly enhances the chassis security from the architecture design, through innovations in cic integration smart chassis and ctc technology; and
And the skateboard chassis is built with batteries at its core, which further strengthens the industrial chain voice of the Ninder era. The rock chassis is now in place.
Winter and summer surveys have been completed, and the company expects production to be achieved in 24 years with the Aveta model. The Ninder era, where fast-loaded two-way layouts were achieved, is expected to remain 65-70% of the commercial fleet. In June 2023, the Ninder era released a switch of power to self-research one-stop recard chassis solution, passing 171 kwh through a single battery.
Modular design allows users to freely choose the size of batteries of 1-3 pieces, to distribute power on demand, to rely on long-term technologies and efficient switching services, and to combine the commercial model of separation of vehicles with a savings of $36,000 per year and a significant reduction in the cost of heavy truck transports. In July 2024, the Ninder era released Skyline batteries to provide a full-scale solution for logistics vehicle distribution.
The project, with the release of the first global 4c “Airway 1-Superfill” and 500 km “Airline 1-L-Longer” and the establishment of a collaborative 21-car fleet. The share of domestic car use in January-June, 24 years of the Ninder era, has reached 67.0%, and the year's dedicated car electricization has now broken, with an equal 150% increase in the number of engines installed in January-June, and a 4pc increase in the total power, which is to help Leninde.
The total share of domestic power for the time was 45-50 per cent. Figure 29: The Ningde era launched Skyline Battery brands. 2.3.3. Domestic summary: the amount of new nectar released and the domestic share maintained at 45-50 per cent
The Ningde lead product continues to overlap, maintaining a gap between the second-line battery plant. Short-term downfall pressures are high, and second-line battery manufacturers rely on lithium phosphate, high-pressure intermediate nickel batteries for rapid release, mainly to stabilize supply chain security and enhance bargaining power, but the Ningde-era product performance is strong, with three-dollar, lithium, and ctp products taking an intergenerational lead.
In the long run, the Ninder era accelerated material system innovation and inter-structure innovation, new technological advances were accelerated and competition between condensation, manganese lithium, sodium ion batteries, etc., was further reduced by structural innovations such as ctp3.0, ctc, ab formation, etc.
The same 23% increase. Domestically, despite the diversification of vehicle battery suppliers and the increase in the share of two or three suppliers, the Ningde era has seen an increase of 263gwhh, or 23%, in domestic exports over 24 years of the Ningde era, in terms of the use of new products such as kiosks, and the strengthening of domestic competitive advantages, maintaining a higher share in the hot-gate model, with a subsequent amount of 45-50%, with neutral conditions.
2.4. European markets: In the Ninges era, where the share was 35 per cent, over the lges, the first to jump into the market was Europe, where the share of Europe was 34.2 per cent for January-March, and 1.5 per cent for January-March, which went beyond the lg new energy source, and the first to jump to the European market. In January-March, 24 years, the Ningde era, where Europe installed 12.2gwh, Europe ' s share was 34.2 per cent.
With the same increase of 1.5 pct, lges/3starsdi/skon/Innovation in China/Long/Foot in Europe, the share of Innovation in China, Samsdi, Biadi, Moose in Fook, Pine in Pine has risen steadily, the share of lges has decreased considerably, and the share of kron has declined slightly in the new round.
With more demands, such as footprints, a 40 per cent increase in the new target share of the Ningde era and an acceleration in the development of indigenous chemical capacity, Europe’s new energy vehicle sales are weak from 24 to 25 years, and it is expected that the Ningde share will rise to 40 to 50 per cent after the launch of the new model in 26 years and will further support the rise in the global share.
We measure that, in order to meet the 25-year carbon emission test, the EU will need to achieve a rate of about 30 per cent, with 3.5 million vehicles plus an increase of about 30 per cent for the year in question, but the car company will be able to circumvent it by purchasing credits, with a projected sales rate of 93.6 g/km for the year in the order of 30 per cent, a corresponding rate of over 3.5 million vehicles and a build-up of the rest of Europe.
Regional sales, combined, are expected to reach 4 million electric vehicles, an increase of 30%, but car firms can avoid sales over 25 years by purchasing credits, etc. (exceeding a one-car fine of Euro95/g). Eurocar companies have shifted to electricization in each of 21-22 years, with a target of more than 50% in 30 years.
(b) Owing to weak European demand and competitive pressure from Tesla and Chinese car companies, short-term European car companies were heavily launched from the previous radical plan, 25-26, and sales are expected to rise significantly over 26 years.
With weak external demand and competitive pressure from Tesla and Chinese car companies, the new cycle of 25-26 years, stellantis has taken the lead, and the public, modern Chia, Renault, BMW and Mercedes will launch a new platform and new model of pure electricity in 25 years, and we expect sales to rise significantly in 26 years.
Up to 3.21 million vehicles, an 11% increase over the same period. If a countervailing investigation policy is in place and is detrimental to Chinese cars, or if it has short-term effects, 2.4.2. European access-Certificate: ecer 102.03 is in force, with more stringent requirements for power cell safety in the EU ecer 102.03 and high requirements for power cell safety. ecer is the European Economic Commission.
From 1 September 2023, the new EU power cell project was required to be certified in accordance with ecer 102.03. From 1 September of that year, all stock items were required to be certified in accordance with ecer 10.03, which is more efficient for power cell safety.
In September 2020, the Ninder era, which was the first to achieve heat-free diffusion (np) on 811 products, has now launched four generations of np technology, of which the np 2.0 program has been delivered in quantities and is applied to a variety of cellular batteries, skateboard chassis, etc.
In May 2022, Ningde gained the world’s first entry certificate under the new regulation of Economic Commission for Europe r 102.03, and became a battery manufacturer of the world’s first mass vehicle testing laboratory module + double-licensed electric core. The lges package battery system is conservative, unable to meet safety requirements, often triggers recall events, and its share in Europe continues to decline.
Figure 31: European e-mark Access Certification Overlap Time Figure 32: Ningde Age Battery Non-Heatless Spread Technology 2.4.3. European Access - Zero Carbon: 25 years to achieve carbon neutrality in core operations and 35 years to achieve carbon neutrality in value chains
The new European battery approach requires carbon footprints and recovery, and the domestic battery plant has been pre-positioned, with relative impacts