The return of coal prices to performance pressure, with attention to high performance elasticity and high scores, the return of coal prices to performance pressure, with attention to high performance elasticity and high scores.
Companies published 2023 and the first quarterly report 2024. In 2023, they achieved a double revenue of $43.14 billion. As the only country-level high-technology enterprise in the coal industry, with high cost-control capabilities, the current valuation remains low, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Falling prices in 2023: further releases of company high-quality production capacity in 2023, company primary coal production/commodity coal sales of 21.62 million tons, +5.9 per cent year-on-year, combined sale price of 990 yuan/tonne, 26.7 per cent year-on-year, combined cost of 489 yuan/tonne, coal prices are expected to rebound and yield more, with high dividends highlighting investment value
The price of smelting coal is expected to continue to be released in the context of the increase in steel exports; the price of power coal has also hit the bottom; the price of power coal has also risen, and the price of power coal in the port of Qin Island 826 on 17 April.
Coal prices are expected to rebound steadily, supported by coal demand during the season. Coal production is still on the rise: the company coal.
Carbon production capacity is still on the rise, with the landing coal mine (0.9 million tonnes/year) entering joint commissioning in 2022, and the coal benefit policy growing steadily in 2023 – the company's semi-annual reports show that the project has been solidified. In addition, the balance of the construction work in progress in the coal mine (0.6 million tonnes/year) continues.
The increase in production of coal mines in Ida, Heilong Guan and Chilin is continuing.
There's still an increase in future production capacity. The company, as a domestic coal-blowing dragonhead, has excellent cost-control capacity, steady growth - the company's semi-annual report. The value of investment - the company's annual report and the quarterly report.