High-elasticity and high-dimension, cash-rich and thin-haired events: 19 April 2024, 2023 annual report, 2023, company 601699.sh
Operating income was 43.137 billion yuan, a decrease of 20.55 per cent in the same year and net return to the mother 7.921 billion \trianglerights, an increase of 6.4 million tons, or 3.5 million tons (+6.2 per cent), in the same year; of this, four quarters of the original
Liu Po Research Assistant Coal Industry 55 million tonnes of coal sales, an increase of 2.06 million tonnes (+3.9%) over the same period; of these, 1,459 million tonnes were sold in commodities in the fourth quarter, an increase of 290,000 tonnes (+2.0%) over the same period.
As a result, the company sold 727 tons of coal in 2023, down to 348 tons in 2023 from $931 in the same period last year, and 12 yuan/tons (-3.3 per cent) down from $359 in the same period last year.
In 2023, they responded positively to the policy orientation of the country to “uplift the quality of listed companies and the value of investments” and to the call of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for “high-yielding returns” and to the legitimate demands of large numbers of investors for cash dividends.
The company’s share of cash in the consolidated statement represents a margin of net profit attributable to the general shareholders of the listed company, reflecting the company’s “overstatement of shareholders.” The company’s strategic expansion of resources and its “plus” approach.
\triangleright Source Expansion, Project Construction, Technological Re-engineering, Merger and Purchase Reorganization, Industrial Extension, Product Upgrading, Promotion of Sinda Securities Inc.
The coal-fired industry is growing in size, industrial quality, product structure and overall growth.
In the course of the year, the production capacity of the four mines has been increased. In accordance with the principle of “circumstance and due diligence,” the market competition for resources such as the horses, the West Battalion and the five-yang and the Fortress Zones has been highlighted, and the opportunity has been chosen to boost the coal resources of the controlling shareholders.
LJA brings high performance elasticity, with net cash showing investment value. The company has a lower share of the coal owners, which sells coal to the market, especially in the case of the monthly unions that blow coal, which are open-ended, and the price of blow-up coal, which follows market price fluctuations and is expected to support the company ' s performance when coal prices rise.
Billions of dollars, interest-bearing liabilities of $4.496 billion, and interest-bearing debt cash coverage of 595% reflect the quality of assets and sound operating philosophy of the public sector. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: We believe that the Quantium Ring can be used as a front for the coal-blowing industry in the country.
\triangleright, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy Director-General, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, China ' s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiayu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.