The satellite petrochemicals, the acrylic acids continue, the new-growth space opens up, the satellite petrochemical tri-quarterly reports are up to expectations. We believe that the acrylic acid industry will continue to be high, the company.
On the other hand, the company plans to invest 4 million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons in a project where the postnatal company will have the capacity to produce a number of products in the c2/c3 chain, opening up new opportunities for growth. Three-quarterly reports meet expectations.
The ester industry is warming, and the company ' s main product prices are up from the same period in the previous year and is in good marketing condition.The average price of acrylic acid in the 1-3 quarter was $8,658 per ton, an increase of 56.46 per cent in the same year, and the average price of acrylic acid butyl esters was $10,540 per ton, an increase of 55.62 per cent in the same year.
By the end of 2016, the year had been almost flat. If the sector’s ineffectual capacity was taken into account, the domestic sector’s supply and demand were now in a tight balance.
The company currently has a capacity of 480,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acid, 480,000 tonnes/year for acrylic acid, and plans to expand capacity for 360,000 tonnes of acrylic acid and post-establishment markets.
The company had previously announced that it had signed a project framework agreement with the government of Lien-Cong Kong to invest more than $30 billion in the construction of a ethylene fission device.
The first phase of the project is planned to start work after the second quarter of 18 years, and the post-natal division will have the capacity to produce a number of products on the c2/c3 chain, opening up new opportunities for growth. 1. Performance meets expectations. Corporate performance improved significantly during the reporting period, mainly in the acrylic acid and ester industries.
Heating, the company’s main product prices were higher than in the same period the previous year, and production was in good condition. According to our statistics, the average Acid price for the 1-3 quarter was $8,658 per ton, an increase of 56.46 per cent in the same year, and the average price for the ABS was $10,540 per ton, an increase of 55.62 per cent in the same year. On the other hand, the company’s pdh installation remained more profitable.
High fluctuations in oil prices, unexpected operating events, and poor market development.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Chemicals: chemical raw materials