c3 Industrial chain breakdown, beneficial acrylic and downstream climate cycles Recent c3 industry chain persistence, influenced by winter environmental production restrictions, we judge company c3 industrial chain products, c3 industrial chain breakdown, continuing to benefit acylene and downstream climate cycles
The company currently has 450,000 tons of acrylic on the c3 chain, 300,000 tons of polypropylene, 480,000 tons of acrylic acid, 450,000 tons of acrylic acid, 900,000 tons of acrylic acid, 300,000 tons of polypropylene, 840,000 tons of acrylic acid, 810,000 tons of acrylic ester, 220,000 tons of dioxyhydrate, and a large elasticity in the production-benefit chain of c3 chain.
As the country becomes more environmentally friendly, the company c3 products are expected to increase their prices \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \ \triangleright \ \triangleright \ \ \ \ \
In addition, benefiting from the rapid growth of downstream products, such as water coatings, acrylic acids and esters, the 4 million tons of acrylic aromatics project at the cloud base opens up room for companies to grow in the future \triangleright
According to the announcement, the company is going to have a project like ethylene ethylene, downstream, acrylic, and downstream. The ethylene import is currently highly dependent, with more than 3,000 tons of vinyl currently, and its downstream is expected to be one of the company’s most profitable future growth points. Through the layout of the project, the company is expected to become a domestic leader in the areas of c2 and c3.
The acquisition of Hunan Condient Care leads downstream, and sap is expected to become a new growth in company performance in the future. \triangleright High Molecular Inhalation of Water resin (Sap) is a typical high-utility molecular material that absorbs its weight.
Hundreds of times, even thousands of times, of water, with a strong water security capability. Sap can be used for sanitary products, such as sanitary towels, paper diapers, urinary cushions, agriculture, gardening, food, civil construction, cosmetics, medical care, electrical and electronic materials, paint, etc. The company expands its post-partum flat lake base to 150,000 tons of sap, mainly for sanitary products such as paper urinary pants.
Assuming that there are about 50 million users of paper urinary products in the country, they consume about four films per day, with a penetration rate of about 40% per year, and that there are about 10,000 tons per year. In the future, as paper urinary products become more permeable in rural areas, paper urinary products are aligned with foreign standards, and market space is expected to reach 440,000 tons per year.
In August 2016, the electric power provider started to make a profit, and the company ranked fourth in the monthly sales of its platform, with a ranking of foreign goods s01016040001.
In addition, Concenoem is growing very fast, producing technology for a number of foreign brands. We judge that buying Hunan Concorch will bring significant synergies to company sap operations, and that sap is expected to become a new growth pole in company performance in the future.
1. Research report on satellite petrochemicals (002648): first quarter difference of $450 for propanepropane, c3 industry
Multi-, eleven-, nine-fold. Maintains the “very recommended” rating. Prices for acrylic acids and esters are lower than expected; uncertainty exists as to the progress of production of new projects for acrylic, polypropenes and sap.
Yang Xiaohui: Together with the Department of Chemical Engineering of the University of Nanjing and the University of Rutgers of the United States of America, they developed a doctorate in geochemistry (Earth exploration and information technology, calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources). In October 2014, they joined the civil securities industry to study major energy directions such as petrochemicals. 2015 Lee Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry.
In March 2016, the author joined the civil securities industry to conduct research on the direction of petrochemicals, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.