Mid-Sud (300308), high-end light module, accelerated penetration, high-strung advantage, middle-Small.
Founded in 2005 in Longguchi, Shandong Province, with a total profit of $13 million, yoy-13.40 per cent.
In 2020, affected by the epidemic, cloud producers worked on high-end communication modules and smart equipment.
The module was actively prepared, but the construction of some data centres slowed down owing to difficulties caused by the epidemic. In 2012, it was listed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board. From 2003 on, the cloud vendor entered the inventory digestion phase, adding equity incentive costs and the company ' s increased investment in research and development.
High-end optical communication module (92.34%) Capital expenditure is warming and company performance is expected to recover. 400g/200g penetration accelerates and high-end light modules rise rapidly. In the long run, data centre traffic increases.
At present, data from cloud producers such as Amazon and Google will grow at a 20% annual compound market. Looking forward to an accelerated 400g deployment of North American cloud customers this year, the 200g demand will begin to release gradually, driving the rapid growth in demand for high-end light modules.
The pattern of the luminous modules is stable, and the luminous tops are strong. For reasons of cost and transmission security, the main supplier of the luminous modules is typically 2-3, requiring high reliability of the luminous modules, with greater difficulty of entry, and the company has a clear cost advantage based on a large number of orders from its head clients.
We believe that, in the short term, the company is expected to pre-position the production of the light module, with the advantage of size, to further increase its market share. In the long run, the company’s R & D capabilities are significant, and it can benefit from excellence.
The show’s cost-control and mass delivery capacity, captures the high-speed light window period, continuously seizes the opportunity to upgrade key light module products in the future, leading the market for high-end light modules.
Mid-Sud (300308). High-end light module speeds up penetration, top-of-the-line advantage is strong, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Mid-Sud (300308), the high-end light module speeds up penetration.
In the fields of big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money, industrial research creates value.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.