(a) The growth in product volumes of 400g, and the rapid rise in corporate performance by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre . Performance summary: the company achieved a business income of $7.05 billion in 2020, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
Billions of dollars, an increase of 11% in the same year; net return to mothers of 130 million yuan, a decrease of 13% in the same year. • Companies are leading companies in light modules, with a priority benefit of 400g in a year.
Taking full advantage of technological leadership, rapid delivery, 400-g light module products continue to grow, and 400-g products have become one of the company’s main products. We expect that companies will continue to grow rapidly this year with 400-g light module products, accounting for nearly half of the global 400-g output.
40%. The company places great emphasis on R & D investment, spends a lot of time on technological innovation breakthroughs, and has already done a lot in emerging areas like silicon light modules, related technologies, etc. The company’s 800g total product has been sampled to its clients, and the silicon chip of 100 g/200g/400g is in terms of power, efficiency, and process.
In terms of related products, 100 g and 200 g of the corresponding light module have been marketed and are gradually growing, and 400 gzr-related products have started to acquire small amounts of storage and storage technology to enrich the telecommunications market layout.
With 67.2% of the share in storage technology. The major technology company is a telelight module product, such as the pon light module, which enriches the market for telecommunications light modules, and further improves the domestic municipal dollar. The net return profit over the next three years will be a 27% compound growth rate.
Innovative, the demand for 400g and 5g light module operations has continued to rise significantly, and the 5g communications industry has grown rapidly, maintaining its "buy-in" rating.
2. Intermediary stump (300308): two-wheel drive for telecom, leading the product technology industry (2021-01-29)
Intermediary sculpture (300308); high growth in performance is in line with scenario 1: as the information flow booms, the world’s 5g is growing rapidly, the light communication module will come up with a large number of orders, while this year is the year when the market’s 400g light module is growing, and the company, thanks to its technological advantages, is producing 400g products.
The company’s 200g product, q1 in 2021, has also received a large number of orders from downstream customers, and is expected to grow rapidly this year. As the telecommunications market bids land, the telecommunications market light module orders are expected to rebound rapidly in the second half of 2021.
Household demand for light communication modules has increased dramatically, and the demand for light modules is still very high in the trend towards lower prices for light module products, and is expected to maintain a robust growth rate in the future. The 10/40g light module will gradually be replaced by high-end light modules in the coming years.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advice approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.