400g, driven by high growth in corporate performance and uneven volatility — annual report 2020 and quarterly reviews 2021
(+10.98%, yoy); realization of a net profit on maternity (13.40%, yoy); achievement of net profit on deductions for the year as expected. Client phase volatility affects performance in the first quarter.
The combination of technology and technology together contributed to a significant increase in performance throughout the year. Some of the 2021q1 clients decided at the beginning of the year on the implementation programme for the year-round procurement plan, and the orders were pushed back and the domestic market was adjusted, leading to low income growth. At the same time, management and R & D were generated by the storage of technology and equity incentives.
Cost increases, resulting in a decline in net profits. Income and profits are expected to improve significantly in the second quarter. Business indicators are robust, with sufficient reserves affecting cash flow. In terms of income structure, 100 g product exports continue to increase as a result of the release of 400g products.
The ratio of income from grid-based modules and light components in the Khan technology main camp was 5.02%. The Māori rate in 2020 was fast-tracked: performance met expectations, 400 g of high-speed growth.
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Mid-Standard Performance in 2020: Sustained increase in R & D inputs, clear advantages of product and technology reserves: High performance growth, 400g sustained robust growth base."
In 2020, the number of corporate R & D personnel increased by 95.72 per cent, compared to the ratio of R & D staff to the R & D staff to the R & D staff to the R & D staff to the R & D staff to the R & D staff to the R & D staff to the R & D to the R & D to the R & D to the R & D to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R sector to the R to the R to the R sector to the R to the R to the R industry to the R to the R to the R to the R industry to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R industry to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the R to the top to the R to the R to the R to the top.
To enhance the company ' s capacity to store new technologies and the technological advantages of leading R&D by exploring the segmentation of the PV and other wide-power industry chains. Currently, 800g of company products have been sampled to customers; silicon light 100g/200g/400g chips have been optimized in terms of power, efficiency, process and modular programmes;
In the case of related products, 100 g and 200 g-column light modules have been marketed and sales have increased gradually, and 400gzr-related products have started to be supplied on a small scale: 25gmwdm developed based on wave-based reuse technology is a source of inspiration
Five-g products, such as colored module products and 200g loops, are the first to be certified by customers and to start bulk delivery. Future corporate growth has a solid product base. 400g life cycle is not over, and demand throughout the year is not to be pessimistic.
Reference is made to the 100g life cycle, the 400g upgrade has not yet been completed, the demand has remained high throughout the year and is expected to reach 2 million units, with market space exceeding $1 billion, with a 140% increase over the same period, adding up to 200g for customers, and without pessimism throughout the year.
Companies have a clear advantage in terms of technology, products, and delivery capacity. Companies are the champions of the light module industry, with short-term fluctuations in performance that do not change the firm’s core competitiveness.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude. The data used in my commitment reports are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on author's professional integrity and professional competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.