The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has continued to make a breakthrough in research and development of new products, with capacity to consolidate the vanity of the light module Billion yuan, an increase of 48.17 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity is 865 million yuan, an increase of 68.55 per cent in the same year;
The net return to the mother was $764 million, an increase of 77.97 per cent in the same year; 2,021q1 won $1,472 million in the same year, an increase in revenue and profits in the same year, and 21q1 a slight decline in earnings. 20 years of performance growth benefited mainly from the high market performance of the entire world, the growth in global flows, the increase in capital spending by cloud producers in and out of the country, and the rise in the light module.
1. The two-wheel-drive performance growth in the number of connectivity + telecommunications has continued to rise. A modest increase in revenue was recorded in q1 in 2021, with some clients taking decisions at the beginning of the year on the implementation of programme orders and adjusting the rate of growth in the domestic market; the net profit ratio for the parent is the same.
202,12272. " A strong, sustained and sustained investment in new products for research and development, with fast-volume production achieving economies of scale and high-quality delivery recognized by clients. " 3. " One-season harvests are highly innovative, increasing year-round - country " .
(b) 400g light communication module continuously drives performance growth: 5g products, such as 25gmwdm colour module products and 200g return, have taken the lead in authenticating clients and starting bulk delivery.
Combined with “sales” production patterns and optimized supply chain management, high-end light module production of 7.78 million units was achieved throughout 2020, with production size and supply capacity at the forefront of the industry, with large-scale advantages increasing the capacity of companies to take on large orders and effectively reducing manufacturing and procurement costs.
With cloud computing market penetration rising, and global traffic booming, the latest forecast from Lightcounting shows that the light module industry grew at about $11.3 billion in 2025, at a rate of 10% in the next five years.
Q3 companies will continue to increase their volume of light modules, suggesting that attention be paid to the pace at which orders are obtained. Angry trade friction between China and the United States will rise; competition will exacerbate the higher-than-anticipated price decline; and new products will be under-developed.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment