Newtimesecurities based on Ningde-Boo Global, Lithium-led Electric Age Profile: Lithium taps, active client outreach, expanding the market for downstream applications
Given the cost and product advantage, the company is actively exploring domestic and international markets, and the future of the city is expected to rise further. The company is also actively deploying the storage industry chain up and down, and is expected to take the lead in the future in fast-tracking storage.
• In 2025, the demand for new energy motor cells exceeded 1000 gwh, and for storage batteries over 110gwhl) the demand for new energy motor batteries was approximately 111gwhh in 2019. As the competitiveness of new energy vehicles increases, we expect the demand to be around 2025.
1013gwh) with regard to storage energy batteries, currently in the early stages of development, with global storage power cells declining in 2018, enhanced competitiveness of firms: at the operational level, the company's operating profit rate continues to be constant compared to international manufacturers such as lgc
On the client side, the company has succeeded in opening up international first-class cars like Tesla, the general public, Mercedes, and BMW, reflecting the firm’s strong competitiveness. As power cells continue to decline, the competitiveness of future companies will be highlighted: 1) companies participate in the stock layout of lithium, nickel resources, and use the take-out + self-supply + processing model.
Model effects are evident; 4) technologies such as 811, ctp are used in multiple drops from the core and battery pack levels. • Joint ventures/off-shore plants contribute new dynamic energy; active deployment of energy storage industrial chains, occupying high-point power cells: in the domestic market, the company currently has almost all of the mainstream vehicles.
With regard to overseas markets, the company’s German factory is expected to be operational in 2021. The company has signed a supply agreement with the entire company, including BMW, and will be able to do so in 2021.
By the synergy of the industrial chain, companies are expected to take the lead in fast-tracking storage development. • Profit forecasting, valuation, and rating
"The epidemic's q1 performance, Tesla's expected contribution. "The epidemic's q1 performance, Tesla's expected contribution.
" Cost front, power cell taps continue to grow in reverse. " 2020-04-26. " Global battery taps expand, further expand.
Stewardship 2020-02-26 prices 59, 46 and 35 times the price, respectively. 1) Markets fear a future decline in the market share of companies: although the lgc, the pineapple and Biadei are in the country in the future.
With comparative advantages in terms of costs, technology, etc., the company’s dominance in the country remains stable. Outside the sea, the company has a supply-side cooperation with domestic joint ventures of overseas firms, and has a certain basis for cooperation.
The company has entered into a supply agreement with a number of first-class garages, securing future sales. Submarine pole companies have continued breakthroughs, with high energy density, low-cost lithium battery development breakthroughs, and mass production; and new energy car stimulus policies, with storage stimulating policies.
The impact of the epidemic on the volume of new energy vehicles was over-expected, the company could not produce as much as expected 1. The company is the master of the power cell industry, accounting for 28 per cent of the world ' s cities.
By opening up downstream customers, the company’s market is rising, and by 2019 the company will be off-line with a consumer battery, accelerating ahead in the area of lithium batteries. The company was founded in 2011 with a core team of people, mainly from the consumer battery tap atl. The company hit high, with Germany in the second year of its existence.
In 2016, the company undertook research and development on new energy vehicles and smart power grids under the “13th Five” national priority development program. So far, the company’s suppliers, both inside and outside the country, are the mainstream car manufacturers, and a number of domestic full-line companies are deeply bound and joint-venture power cell companies are established.
Currently, the company has become the leading international provider of secondary lithium batteries.
1.2. The power cell system is the core of operations, with a global city share of 28 per cent and a global revenue of 45.8 billion yuan in 2019. The 2020q1 company revenue fell by about 9.30 billion yuan, compared to 9.5 per cent in 2019.
Power cells are the backbone of the current company's operations. Sub-operations show that the company's main battery system and lithium battery materials accounted for about 83% of Maori in 2019. Key future business storage systems are still in the early stages of development, and the collection of power cells in the global market has been increasing, reaching 28% in 2019.
The Division ' s top global output of power cells is 18 per cent, 23 per cent and 28 per cent in 2017-2019, respectively, and the trend of international taps is on the rise. 1) Power cell systems: Māori for the operation in the context of the trend in the cost of new energy vehicles towards conventional fuel vehicles
Still on the decline, from a high of 45 per cent in 2016 to 28 per cent in 2019. 2) Lithium battery material: Net interest rates have been falling steadily and roe has stabilized. Corporate net cash flows have continued to be positive as a result of the larger decline in the Māori rate. From 2018, company advance payments and cash have increased significantly.
The improvement is evident, with operating net cash flow/net profits consistently greater than 1 and better self-breeding capacity. Secondary lithium electricity demand in 2019-2025 was 42% cagr, market space in 2025 was over 2.1.1 and new energy motor cell market space in 2025 was over 1000gwhh
The annual year-on-year new energy vehicle compound growth has reached 38%, with 1.26,000 new vehicles sold by 2019, with a penetration rate of about 4.7%. According to the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2021-2035) (advanced draft), a high-quality overseas supply of about 8 million vehicles is expected to be sold in 2025.
The EU requires carbon emissions to fall to 95 g/km by 2021, which will be punished by Euro95/km, and carbon emissions to 59g/km by 2030, a decline of 38% compared to 2021. Internationally good whole-of-a-car enterprises have started plans for electricization, for example.
By 2025, the general public is expected to be able to sell more than 20% of new energy vehicles, or about 3 million vehicles. According to Toyota, 10 ev models will be launched in China’s market as a starting point, with electric powered vehicles expected to sell more than 5.5 million annually.
Figure 10: Toyota’s new energy vehicle sales in 2225 were 5.5 million, and it is planned to launch 10 pure electric new cars in China by 2025, and to achieve an annual global electric vehicle sales of over 5.5 million.
In 2019, power cell demand was around 111gwh. By 2025, power cell demand was estimated to be about 1013gwh, with an annual compound rate of 44%. Domestic demand was 447gwh, overseas demand 2.1.2, storage market was in the early stages of development, and global demand for energy battery was over 110gwhh in 2025.
The stock market is now at an early stage of development, with a total of only 17 gwh installed in 2018. According to ggii, the volume of global storage capacity in 2019 was about 18.8 gwh, an increase of 39.8% compared to the previous year.
This represents 45.4% of the global storage market, which will play an important role in the future when battery costs are reduced, storage applications are further expanded, power systems are raised and energy is shifted, and user side charges are managed. In the short term, the storage market will be fast-growing, benefiting from factors such as the further increase in commercialization of 5g and the rise of the energy Internet.
Rapid development phase. The projected output of storage energy batteries will reach 113gwh by 2025, combined by 2019-2025, 2.1.3 by 2025, and 80gwh by 2025, the domestic market for power cells and small power cells, which is an important complement to the domestic market for lithium electricity, 2025.
1) Lithium for ships, calculated by ggii as the cost per 100 km of operation of ships, 4,100 yen for diesel-powered ships, 3700 yuan for lng fuel ships and 2,800 yuan for electric ships. The operating costs for electric ships are significantly lower than those for diesel and ng fuel ships.
The cost of maintenance is very low because of the small amount of reliable work. The electricization of ships is still in its early stages, mainly concentrated in inland lakes. According to ggii, the penetration rate in 2018 was only 0.016 per cent.
The Ninder era has also been active in the exploration of marine ships, and its first marine ship-powered battery system has recently been successfully fitted with Deep Sea 01, becoming the first maritime service ship in the country to use lithium batteries as a hybrid engine. We anticipate that by 2025, ships will need power cells around 35gwh.) Small power markets, with small power cells in the main.
It is the power system that provides a breakdown of products, usually at 0.5-5 kwh, with electricity, the main characteristic being to replace the original power system, such as lead acid, nickel hydrogen, etc. batteries, so that the small power market is a large alternative stock market. In 2017-2019, the domestic output of small-power lithium electricity grew at an annual rate of more than 50%, about 15gwh. In the future, lithium power will grow at two levels.
The increase in vehicle penetration and in the share of domestic suppliers of electric utility batteries is expected to reach 48gwh in 2025. 2.2. Industry competitiveness analysis
2.2.1 High-quality supply and supply is inadequate, power cell plants are more dominant, and the power cells in the entire garage are now almost always supplied by battery manufacturers. High-quality supply and supply are limited to battery consistency, high-density, low-density quality and technology levels.
In the domestic context, joint ventures have been established with major battery plants. In the upper, upper, upper, upper, wind, east wind, etc., and in the Ninder era, Chang An and Biadi joint ventures have been established; in the foreign countries, Tesla, Toyota and Matsuo have established joint ventures, the lg and gm joint ventures, and the nonthvolt have worked with the public.
2.2.2. Continuous advances in battery technology and increasing barriers to industry The continuing advances in battery technology and growing barriers to industry. Battery technology is constantly improving to reduce and increase navigation. 1) At the tip of the power core, the manufactured trincm core material has been upgraded from 111:532~622~811.
And super-high nickel trio batteries like ni90, 95 are also being developed, sic negative poles, 6 μm bronze, 7 μm diaphragms have evolved, and square cores are developing from curls to stacks; 3) pack ends, batteries are forming in a way that is changing from small to large modules to ctp.
2.2.3. Industry concentration is high, first-tier pattern is stable 76% of the global new energy car power cell in 2019 and 28% of the city in the Ninder era.Cr5 is from 2018 according to sneresearch.
Sixty-eight per cent increased to 76 per cent in 2019. The top four firms in the industry were in the first line of the Ningde era, the Matsumoto era, the lgc and Biadi, with stable shares. The global cities of Ninde, the Matsumoto, the lgc and Biadi accounted for 28 per cent, 24 per cent, 11 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, in 2019.
2.2.4 The next generation of lithium-based solid-state batteries is still in the early stages of industrialization, and the next generation of lithium-based solid-state batteries are still in the early stages of industrialization. As the next generation's most promising lithium-based battery technology, solid-state batteries are of interest to many enterprises and scientific institutions around the world.
The most prominent advantages of the pond are safety, which has inflammable, high-temperature, non-corrosive and non-volatile properties. Solid-state electrochemical windows can be wide enough to reach 5v, more adapted to high-voltage electrode materials, and drive large leaps in energy intensity. But solid-state batteries still have many problems to solve, with solid-state electrolytic ion conductors.
At this stage, there are few solid-state battery volumes, and the process of industrialization is still early. The only Bolore output in power cell production has a energy density of only 100wh/kg, with no competitive advantage against traditional lithium electricity.
3.1. Corporate competitiveness strategy analysis: multiple angles of constant cost reduction Annual compound cost of a company has decreased by 16%. According to corporate announcements, the cost of a company ' s lithium battery unit has continued to decline, from 1.35 yuan/wh in 2015 to 0.68 yuan/wh in 2019, annual compound decrease.
3.1.1 Upstream, introduction of multi-suppliers, introduction of multi-suppliers, acquisition of bargaining power. 1) Technology R & D: companies have R & D in four major materials upstream of the core: 2) Production and manufacture: companies, through equity participation, layout of lithium upstream, nickel resources, etc.
Production of positive, negative and electrolytic materials through acquisition of equity and direct construction; 3) supply: There are multiple suppliers of upstream materials and companies are either self-supporting or self-programming. Companies occupy bargaining positions through upstream technology, production layouts, and outsourcing + self-supplied + proxy processing models.
3.1.2 50% reduction in investment in unit-capacity machinery and equipment ~ 380 million yuan/gwh, 270 million yuan/gwh and 330 million yuan/gwh, respectively, in 2019.
The amount of investment in unit-capacity machinery and equipment that came into production in 2021 and 2022 fell significantly, with three phases of the Ning Dynasty Lake in 2021 and one phase of the Sichuan Eibin era amounting to 280 million yuan/gwh and 190 million yuan/gwh and 230 million yuan/gwh, respectively.
3.1.3 The impact of scale is significant, with capacity utilization and sales remaining at 90 per cent at a high level of about 90 per cent. 3) In terms of output rates, the company ' s products are of high quality and, despite a rapid increase in production capacity, they remain at almost 90 per cent.
3.1.4, 811, ctp, etc. Technology-reduced cores, battery packages, etc. 1) With regard to cores, companies have taken the lead in producing about 10% lower volumes. With 811 good quality and scale production, the cost of decomposition is expected to decrease further.
In the long term, the diaphragms, aluminum and copper beaks are expected to open new spaces where the cost of the core falls. 2) With regard to battery packages, at the Frankfurt International Car Fair in Germany in 2019, the Ninder era launched a new ctp high integrated power cell development platform (celltopack), i.e., the core is directly integrated into the battery package.
Pool module assembly, with a 15-20% increase in the volume utilization of ctp battery packages compared to traditional battery bags, a 40% decrease in the number of battery packages, a 50% increase in the efficiency of production and a 10-15% increase in the energy density of battery packages, will significantly reduce the cost of manufacturing power cells. At the same time, the optimal use of light quantitative materials, such as aluminium caps, could be reduced.
Catl ctp High-Integration Power Battery Development Platform cccatl
ctpvs. Traditional battery packages 200psonctp 3.2.1, domestic joint venture contribution upwards, and overseas markets are expected to contribute additional quantities in the future
Domestic: Single-owned plants are expanding their customers and joint ventures are expected to contribute to a steady increase in the future.
In 2019, the engine battery company, which had a ton capacity, had an average supply of more than 40 per cent of the goods on board, and occupied a position of supply. (2) With regard to new forces, the company’s products were basically carried by mainstream manufacturers, such as the Ui, the Veterans and the Peng, and were largely supplied exclusively.
The company announced a cooperation agreement with Tesla on 3 February 2020 that it would provide lithium ion-powered batteries to Tesla from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2022, which is expected to lay the foundation for further cooperation in the future.
Deeply tied up the mainstream garage, where future joint venture batteries are expected to contribute to a definite increase. Companies have established joint ventures with mainstream automobile companies, and several joint venture power cell plants, such as those of the age, the age, the age, have started construction.
The power plant is expected to contribute to a definitive delivery. The pre-emptive advantage is evident in the investment of RMB 205 million/gwh unit capacity.
It is expected that foreign companies such as lgc will have some impact on the pattern of power cells in the country by 2022, based on the general three-year advance of new energy motor batteries into the complete vehicle supply chain. Given the stable pattern of power cells in front of the line, and the time required for their deployment, foreign investment is expected to take place.
The company's overseas production capacity is expected to start in 2021. The company's first overseas factory in the state of Turingen, Germany, started work on October 18th, 2019.
BMW announced that it would purchase $7.3 billion (approximately 56.9 billion yuan) of lithium ion batteries from the Ningd era, of which 1.5 billion euros would come from the Ningd era Germany.
Factories. In addition, the Ninder era created supply costs of 3.2.2 and lfp with several European automobile companies like Volvo, Mercedes, etc., and the company's layout of the energy chain of lfp is safe and falling in cost. The heat stability of the lfp battery is better than that of the tri-dollar battery.
The cost of storage energy systems is declining as a result of smaller heating rates, benefiting from the large-scale production of power cells. According to the annual report of the Department, the unit cost of storage energy systems was reduced from $2.29/wh in 2015 to $0.53/wh in 2019.
In 2019, the company actively deployed the storage energy chain up and down. At the upstream end, the company, in collaboration with the energy flagship network, established the Xinjiang State Age and the National Network Age (Fukugi), and plans to build a gw-grade storage energy project in Ningde.
In terms of batteries and equipment, companies and Kostart, a joint venture has been set up to produce storage and power-filling stumps.
78,000 electric poles. The state network and company cooperation are expected to support the construction of integrated “light-loading” chargeposts. 3.3. Comparisons between companies and major competitors.
The power density of a battery bag is directly related to that of a bicycle. Here, the relative technology gap is measured only by the energy density of a battery package. Compared to the most advanced lithium batteries currently produced, the mass energy density of a battery package made up of 811 square cores is 175wh/kg, at industry-class levels.
The company is an international power cell dragon, which competes mainly with first-class lithium battery manufacturers such as the Korean lgc, the Samsungsdi, and the Japanese Matsushita. Domestic customers have a clear edge in establishing joint-venture power cell plants with major mainstream whole-car companies; international customers, public customers.
There is also a comparative advantage in the Division’s number of international pole customers. The side of the mainstream car industry, both at home and abroad, reflects the strong international competitiveness of the Division’s lithium battery products.
The profit margin is high, at around 13 per cent for almost two years. lgc, pine and tristars are operating at a profit margin of 4.1, key assumptions and profit projections.
At the same time, the company is deeply tied to the mainstream car plant, which is maintained at 58%, corresponding to sales of 42%, 61%, and 90gwh. In overseas markets, companies enter into supply agreements with leading overseas car companies such as BMW, Mercedes, and in 2021 it is expected to become a driving force for performance growth.
Annual global aggregate sales are 45, 66 and 98gwh. As technology penetration rates, such as 811 and ctp, have increased, company costs have been declining, assuming a 10 per cent annual reduction in the unit price of company power batteries, and the Māori rate has gradually slipped and stabilized at around 25 per cent.
The company’s active deployment of the energy storage industry chain links, as a result of the scale effects of power cell power, is becoming less expensive and more competitive. Assuming that the company’s global market share of lithium batteries in 2020-2022 benefits from the company’s increased sales of lithium batteries, it is simple to assume that the unit price of lithium battery materials will remain unchanged.
4.2. As industry leaders, the company values a reasonable premium. The new energy automobile industry is gradually recovering, and the company values are properly restored. Industry leaders, with long-term growth over time.
The global market share of the company ' s lithium battery is discussed in three scenarios: 1) optimism, with the Department ' s global market share of power and storage batteries at 40%:2) neutrality, with the company ' s global market share of power and storage batteries at 35%; 3) pessimism, with the company ' s global market share of power and storage batteries at 30%.
Reductions in costs, such as reductions in equipment inputs, and a slowdown in net interest rates and even a recovery. There are three scenarios: 1) optimism, with 12% and 10%, respectively, for power cells and storage cells; 2) neutrality, with 10% and 8%, respectively, for power cells and storage cells; 3) pessimism, with net interest rates for power cells and storage cells.
The impact of the epidemic on the volume of new energy vehicles is over-expected, and the company's capacity is not as high as expected.