The Ningde era (300,750): Client sticky as shield, vertically integrated as spears.
Strong alliances: Together with large domestic clients, they quickly grow into global power cell taps. Since 2015, when the company was mainly involved in the production and sale of lithium-ion-cell systems, the domestic market for new energy vehicles has moved into a fast-growing phase.
The market share of the global power cell in 2019 was the first. (atl) The advantage, the fast-displaced power cell area, was that product performance was gradually reaching industry leadership. This was followed by a benefit binding with the model of a joint venture with customers, with new energy sources from the North.
In 2019, companies held a market share of more than 50% of the country and 27% of the world, and were in the vanguard of global power cells.
Quantities, the general public, BMW, psa, etc., host plants and parts suppliers such as the mainland, Bosho, Escorts, etc., all have the same layout (in thousands) in the area of new energy cars.
There is a clear trend towards global competition for power cells in dynamic European markets. Companies are cooperating with BMW, Volvo, etc., and work with BMW will start in 2020.
The BMW’s share in BMW has reached 75%, and companies have indirectly created benefit-sharing mechanisms through BMW’s collaboration with BMW and BMW. We believe that, while South Korean firms are growing rapidly, they will remain an important force in the European power cell market and are expected to enjoy the European market’s growth dividend.
We believe that the main competitiveness that underpins the company’s long-term growth is the customer’s business model of sticky and vertical integration. On the one hand, benefits are derived from multiple models with downstream customers.
The sharing of benefits and technology (partly) ensures that companies are able to grow together with the new energy industry and enjoy the growth rate of the industry. On the other hand, companies actively explore vertically integrated models that can capture technologies such as positive material production, which are critical for batteries, and accelerate research and development.
In addition, the company is expected to gain more recognition from large and small customers, based on its extensive loading experience on a variety of models. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
The Ningde era (300,750): the customer's viscous shield, vertical integration with spears 1. Strong union: strong product binding high-quality customers 1.1 domestic power cell market demand from lithium phosphate to triple
Since 2015, the country’s new energy vehicle market has been developing rapidly, with purely electric and vehicle use. The SAC data show that 3,311 million vehicles were sold in 2015, a 3.43-fold increase compared to the previous year, with a penetration rate of 1.35%. And the subsidy policy’s constant high requirement for mileage renewal thresholds has led to the gradual introduction of triple power cells with a power density advantage into the mainstream of the industry.
The power cell load was only 0.47gwh, or 23.7 per cent, while in 2019 the domestic power cell load was 62.2gwh, of which three power cells were 65.15 per cent. As shown in figure 1-F, figure 4. Figure 3: Structure of the domestic power cell (2016)
Figure 4: Structure of domestic power batteries (2019) Source of Eastern financial intelligence 1.2 Leverage by wind to produce powerful products
The Ninder era began early in the field of power cells, with the rapid development of new energy technologies. According to the Network of Company Officials, the power cell branch of the Ninder era, formerly the New Energy Technology Group (ATl), was set up in 2011 as a separate company. Because the company originated in atl, the main manager had a rich industrial experience in the lithium ion battery industry, as shown in table 1.
According to the Twitter public “Lithium of the Book” report, from October 2012 to October 2015, atl's new energy source held 15 per cent of Ningde's stock: in September 2017, Catl and atl signed the Technology Licensing Agreement, which granted rights to the use, reproduction and other intellectual property related to the technology of the battery management system attl, negative technologies, positive and electrolyte technologies in four areas; at the same time, both parties worked in production-line plants and mature industries.
With the wealth of research and development experience accumulated attl and its sustained input, catl grew rapidly, producing products that were industry leaders. In the secondary cycle, its cores were extremely environmentally adaptable, and performances were stable within the –30°c –60°c zone.
1.3 The business model of open cooperation is a strong association with high-quality clients, and open cooperation models quickly enter into the customer supply system. In the past few years, the Ningde era has developed cooperative relationships with a large number of enterprises in the country in the form of open cooperation, while joint ventures with downstream clients have been established to quickly shape interest-based relationships.
The example of the joint venture is shown in table 2. The supply model of the joint venture, which is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East, has made the company rapidly growing into a leader in the industry.
In 2019, the company accounted for 50.57 per cent of the domestic market with a vehicle load of 31.46gwh, with the largest share. Moreover, according to South Korea ' s sneresearch statistics, the company accounted for 27.87 per cent of the market share of global sales of 32.5gwh. As shown in figures 5 and 6.
For the third year in a row, it has become the leader of the global power cell market.
With the EU pressure to gradually implement the 95g/km CO2 emission level for domestic automobiles starting in 2020, a large number of car companies in Europe accelerated the implementation of electrical routes and strategies at the end of 2019, reducing carbon emissions from transport starting in 2020 through the production and sale of new energy vehicles, and traditional parts and components suppliers actively deployed the new energy automobile industry.
The group transferred the head of the mobile box business unit to the hybrid powered electric vehicle unit; the high-tech lithium grid reported in 2018 that the mainland group would be re-segregated into subsectors and that the new power matrix would be responsible for such operations as hybrid and electric power drive systems, all current battery projects, and internal combustion engines. According to public information, in 2020 the World will plan to invest 1 billion euros (approximately $7.695 billion RMB) in electric vehicles, autopilots, and smart webs.
In December 2018, the high-tech electric vehicle network reported that, in order to set up a new energy vehicle market, the Sefut plans to invest more than 23.6 billion yuan globally in the production of new and expanded transmission tank technology networks that are equipped with new energy vehicles. In 2020, the q1 European market for new energy vehicles showed rapid growth, as shown in figure 7. The data from the evsales show that the impact of the epidemic occurred in March.
The European region’s market for new energy vehicles has entered a fast-growing phase. According to the 2020 q1 European market for new energy cars, apart from Tesla, the major beneficiaries of this high-growth round are Reno, the general public, and branded European car companies.
The Eastward stock depth report (300,750): the customer's sticky shield, vertical integration a spear.
Figure 7: New energy automobile sales in the European market (2015.1-2020.3) From a global perspective, the lithium supply chain is concentrated in the Central-Japanese and Korean regions, as shown in table 3. In recent years, power cell companies such as Ningde, lig chemistry, Samsung sdi, ski, etc. have entered the European market and entered into orders with the relevant car companies.
South Korean companies are the main suppliers of powered lithium supply chains. The global major vehicle companies and their power cell supply relationship are shown in table 4. Table 3: Combination of the global major power cell providers (incomplete statistics) Table 4: Relationship of the global major vehicle company to the power cell supply
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East 2.2 is actively globalizing and entering the European market (bmwgroup, hereinafter “BMW”), with a fixed letter expressing BMW's intention to purchase power cell products from the company, in accordance with the pattern.
On November 22, 2019, high-tech lithium electricity quoted foreign media reports that BMW had increased its battery orders signed with Ningde in 2018 to Euro7.3 billion (approximately RMB 56,901 million) and the contract delivery time was between 2020 and 2031. The company’s products were approved by customers abroad.
In addition, on 15 May 2019, high-tech lithium electricity reported that the Ninder era had announced a power cell cooperation agreement with the Volvo Automobile Group, and that the company was one of the global partners in Volvo Electric Motor Battery, which would provide a platform for its next generation of electric and polar-star models, as well as a fully-platform battery module for its widely recognized cma platform.
Companies are actively building plants in their client sites to increase customer stickyness. According to the company ' s announcement of 9 July 2018, companies are considering the adoption of a bill on the establishment of a European production research and development base, which plans to build overseas production research and development bases in Europe and to carry out power cell production and research operations. The company ' s Euro €1 billion product is mainly for sale in the European region, with the main client being the European region ' s entire garage. The company ' s announcement of 26 June 2019, which is to be expanded.
The company and the BMW also formed an interest bond. According to a company announcement on the evening of July 16, 2018, the company and BMW signed a mini-cooperation agreement that “The BMW is going to buy a battery capacity building project from the company, buy power cell products, and agree to secure the terms of the agreement between the two parties.
In the event of satisfaction, BMW has the right to choose to invest in the company.” This means that BMW formed a system of benefit-sharing between the BMW and Nender times.
Figure 9: The benefit-sharing mechanism between the Ninder era and the BMW Group The source of the financial boom in the East suggests that companies are expected to replicate the domestic model in the European market and enjoy the dividends of European market growth.
Looking ahead, we believe that companies will continue to be an important competitive force in the global power cell industry and are expected to maintain a stronger competitiveness based on customer stickyness, cost advantages, goods and brand effects.
3.1 A unique business model that shapes customer stickyness, growing together with industry and customers. Companies are deeply bound to high-quality customers, and customers are highly sticky. This stickyness is due, on the one hand, to benefit-sharing mechanisms, and, on the other hand, to collaborative research and development. First, companies and a large number of new energy automobiles are not just third-party supply relationships.
In addition to the BMW cooperation mentioned earlier, the company has formed partnerships with a wide range of other clients. According to the company’s offer statement, on 15 December 2017, the company signed a framework agreement for strategic cooperation with Praid, the North Front and the North Gas Group, to work together on the development, manufacture, recycling, and use of power cells, along and below the new-energy motor battery industry chain.
The statement also discloses that, as of the date of the announcement (12 March 2018), the company held a total of 0.76 per cent of the new energy source in Beijing and 18.75 per cent of the share in the New Energy Motors Technology Innovation Centre in Beijing Ltd. According to the company ' s announcement of 16 July 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with BMW: the company ' s announcement of 25 April 2019 revealed that the company and China were jointly planning to establish an era of co-financing.
On 20 December of that year, a joint venture was established with the Hiro Gas Group, Zhejiang Jiyun (Girl Motors Full Company), in which both joint ventures were engaged in the manufacture and sale of power batteries and joint ventures built up a certain size of production capacity, so that the company and the client actually formed the profits of the joint venture. Second, the joint venture model between the company and the customer brought in existing battery production technology for the entire factory, and both sides maintained each other through collaborative research and development.
In 2019, the company and BMW added power battery orders, and Dr. Andreaswendt, the BMW Board member responsible for purchasing and supplier networks, said, “In this way, we will ensure long-term battery demand. From a technical and operational point of view.
This, in turn, ensures that we always have access to the best battery technology.” We believe that a degree of technology-sharing mechanisms between companies and customers will further enhance the solidity of cooperation between the two sides.3.2 Initial exploration of vertical integration models, or improvement of bargaining power and reduction of battery costs.
Companies are exploring vertically integrated patterns of positive material production lines, which may help to further reduce costs and enhance competitive advantage. First, the firm produces its own positive material that enhances the bargaining power of upstream suppliers.
One of the materials, the power cell industry itself produces positive materials that can increase its control over the production of positive materials, as well as its ability to negotiate with suppliers, and provide important assistance in the development of new battery products. Second, the self-production of positive materials helps to strengthen cost control.
In addition, on 24 April 2019, the company announced that 100,000 tonnes/year of nickel-cobalt-manganate positive materials (up to 100,000 tonnes/year of positive material) were to be put in place by its subsidiary Ninderbamp. Based on the production of about 1,500 tonnes of positive material required for 1gwh power cell production, 100,000 tonnes/year of positive material production could theoretically be supported.
According to the current level of profitability of the country’s three-dollar pre-drilling and positive material industries, most pre-triple drive Māori is around 15%, and the former driver Māori is about 20%. Through home-grown positives, companies can keep these two pieces of gross profits in-house, and the detailed public layout and cost savings are shown in figures 12 and 13.
Figure 10: The layout of the positive industrial chain of the Ninder era, we measure the cost savings of $0.054/wh, $0.056/wh, $0.060/wh, respectively, of self-produced ncm 523, ncm 622, ncm 811 positive materials. The measurement process is shown in table 5.
The East is a source of wealth and wisdom, and the Ninder era (300,750): customer sticky, vertical integration saves costs in front of a spear drive (millions of dollars)
Positive production process cost savings (millions) Positive production cost savings (millions) Corresponding unit capacity battery cost savings (millions)
3.3 A wealth of market experience and branding effects help companies to expand their ownership, and we believe that as a new energy automobile manufacturing enterprise, the key factors to be considered in selecting power cell suppliers are product quality (small wind risk), stabilization of supply capacity, cost. We believe that large-scale car companies take greater account of product quality and stabilization of supply capacity, and small-scale vehicles.
For large-scale car companies, because the quality of the product is related to whole-car performance, the potential losses from battery matching errors are much greater than the benefits of low-cost batteries, and the potential for fires to occur from the presence of batteries of unstable quality is highly likely to result in the sinking of a vehicle-type development and production line investment.
In addition, large-scale car companies demand power batteries, stabilize the supply of batteries, and companies, as the largest power cell in the world, have proven their products on a wide range of new energy vehicles. The widespread use of domestic markets, such as cars like Cars, Gilly, Woo-Tung, and BMW overseas, has proved that the Ninder era has seen a wide variety of scenarios, such as cars, buses, special cars, etc.
For small-scale car companies, unable to compete on brands with well-known car companies, they need to attract customers through a high-value ratio (most of the products of new domestic car-making forces now pursue the extremes of continuity mileage, with prices generally not exceeding $300,000), so that they have more capacity for power batteries.
At the same time, many customers choose their power cells, credit endorsements for small car companies, and brand support. Thus, for some customers in the domestic market, the company is in a higher position, and the branding effect will help the company to improve the source of financial prosperity in the East.
We believe that the company’s previous customer sticker, which has been developed through the joint venture model, is expected to continue to drive the firm’s demand for its products to grow in the future, and that the firm’s deep binding relationship with its domestic and foreign clients is stronger, guaranteeing the company the benefits of industrial growth while also enjoying the growth space offered by the growth of its downstream high-quality customers. Moreover, the company’s ability to negotiate with upstream suppliers through vertical integration is expected to reduce its own costs.
In addition to enjoying growth in the sector, there is a higher rate of growth than in the industry. Industry and customer demand or expectations, production performance rates or expectations, cost declines or expectations, increased competition in the industry or higher than expected market shares of firms and lower prices for products.
The source of the East's financial and intellectual boom, the Ninder era, 30,750: the client base, vertical integration, the source of the East's financial boom.
The East's financial and intellectual source, the Ninder era, 30,750: the customer's sticky shield, vertical integration as a spear.
Cheng Dandan, Bachelor of Arts, University of North Power, Shanghai University of Transport, University of Manchester, ba (financial direction), joined Li Wanshan Xian Transport University in May 2019, and Master of Science and Engineering in Nuclear Energy, University of Qinghua, who worked at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Department of Environmental Protection for a nuclear safety review
In 2019, the Chinese People’s University joined a Master’s degree in economics in East Hing, in the field of electrical equipment and new energy. The main course of study is to analyze the researchers’ views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.