Ningde Age Depth Series (I): The Ningding Age (300,750.sz) 18/05/2020
Global Lithium Power King, Time Trend Mark Investment Rating: Buying (first time) • Corely competitive global lithium taps, fully powered by growth, first-time coverage of the “buy-in” rating
To benefit from the demand for power batteries brought about by the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry, companies have grown into global power cells by virtue of their strong product quality and the dominance of the industrial chain. We see that the company’s sustainable core competitiveness will continue to push it beyond the industry. We expect the year 2020-2022 to be net.
• Core barriers are sustainable and provide effective support for high corporate growth The core competitiveness of companies has developed a strong moat: 1) Talent advantage: Complementary, with half of the company's core cadre with a lithium-electric R & D background and more from the consumer battery giant atl system; and half of the company's core is more powerful.
Strategic investment capacity to jointly capture the opportunities of the times. 2) Technological advantage: research and development teams have a deep understanding of upstream materials, battery envelopes, equipment development, etc., the multi-faceted performance of corporate products is at the industry lead level, new technologies and new products are at a fast pace, and the level of efficiency gains leads to industry development. 3) Industrial chains
The dominance of four core material patents that reduce suppliers’ ability to negotiate their products. The power of downstream chats, the concentration of battery chain supply patterns, and the power of industry-chain talking are increasingly tilted toward leading companies. • Performance is rapidly growing, taking advantage of the trend of the times.
The company has fully benefited from the acceleration of the global electric process and the future rapid growth of power cell operations: 1) In terms of household resources, the company successfully entered the Tesla supply chain in 2020 and is expected to continue to increase its supply ratio in Tesla and open up other overseas vehicle markets as the demand for higher value for products rises.
2) With regard to the pattern of competition, the battery industry has high technology and financial barriers, the Matthews effect is evident, and the quality of the industry is expected to drive further increases in the stock of firms. 3) With regard to the expansion of capacity, the company now owns lithium batteries, leading to an increase in the stock of companies. In the long run, the company will also benefit from the gradual opening of markets such as storage capacity.
In the field of deep-farming power cells, with their own blood-producing capabilities, New Energy Technologies of the Ninder Age Ltd. (catl) was established in 2011 and placed on the market in 2018 at a deep-seated business panel. The company’s main business is to power lithium ion batteries, storage of lithium ion batteries and lithium ion batteries, and it's a positive material.
Companies have grown into global power cell taps. Companies, on the one hand, are constantly introducing differentiated products through technological innovation, meeting market requirements for energy density, circulation, and multiplier performance, and reaping high-quality client groups from 2017 onwards.
Enterprises ranked first in terms of global output of power batteries. On the other hand, production costs are constantly being reduced through process optimization and upscaling of the business layout, maintaining a core advantage in the global power cell market.
The company has a sound equity structure, with management and core cadres holding more than half of its share, which is conducive to long-term development. The core founders together hold 42.76% of the shares, and the core cadres hold 8.27% of the shares through the holding platform. Corporate interests and core cadres are highly tied to the company’s long-term development.
The development and manufacture of materials and the manufacture of medium- and medium-sized batteries, along with the deployment of resources such as lithium ore, nickel ore and critical materials such as positive or negative materials through equity participation.
The management and research and development team of the Ningde era came from atl.atl was founded in 1999 and was founded by Tsang, Liang Shakang, Chen Xinghua, all three of whom are executives of the tdk fully funded company Hong Kong New Business Ltd.
Camp 3c lithium ion batteries, which coincided with downstream mobile phone and computer industry demand surges, were built in East China, Ninder, and gradually became the leader of the lithium battery consumer industry. Management had a strategic vision to seize the opportunities for consumer and power cell development.
In 2007, China began to consider subsidizing the new energy automobile industry, and in 2008, the power cell sector was set up in view of the huge business opportunities that the new energy vehicle brought to the lithium battery industry. In 2009, the State Council issued the Plan for the Restructuring and Revival of the Automobile Industry and a joint release of the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Science and Technology.
In 2011, the power cell sector at atl became a stand-alone catl, which acted as a power-up engine for electric cars, captured the power cell industry pre-emption, succeeded in getting to the industry and made a rapid leap.
Figure 3: Catl is derived from the good genes of atl 1.2, the continuous rise in the power cell market rate, reflecting the firm’s strong core competitiveness, the vast market space and good supply patterns that gave rise to the Ningde era. China’s new energy automobile industry has been high since 2014.
But the real dividend of the Ningde era is the “White List” of the power cell industry. On March 26, 2015, the Ministry of Trade and Communications issued the Coded Conditions for the Automotive Battery Industry, which is designed primarily to protect indigenous power cell companies.
The rise of the Ninder era has benefited from the dynamism of the rapid expansion of the new energy automobile industry, the huge market space for batteries and national policies that have tilted in favor of domestic front-loaders. In 2014-2019, corporate revenue grew in an all-out fashion, with a combined annual increase in gross operating income of up to 120.84%, and a growth rate in business in 2019.
Figure 4: High-speed growth in the domestic new energy automobile industry since 2014
System operations contribute the most, maintaining more than 80%. On the one hand, thanks to the rapid development of the downstream new energy car market, lithium battery material operations have contributed since 2015, and companies acquired Guangdong Bump in 2015 to recover used batteries for the production of pre-trillion drivers and tri-dollar squares, and to complete a key link in the layout of upstream materials.
In the last two years, the company has been growing rapidly in the deployment of its energy reserves, and in 2018/2019, there has been an increase in the collection of its energy products.
Cost controls are strong, and the profit center is stable. In terms of Māori rates, the downside of subsidies in the new energy automobile industry, the downward pressure of new energy vehicles is gradually passed on to power cell companies. The power cell industry continued to have a relatively high distribution of batteries between 2017 and 2019.
In terms of net interest rates, there is a downward trend in the use of fees over the period 2017-2019, with companies reducing net interest rates by three rates through their greater cost control capacity. Figure 8: Māori rates for power cell operations are at higher levels in the industry
Figure 9: Unit prices for the sale of power batteries are at medium level in industry (map 10: unit costs for power cells are at relatively low level in industry (unit: depreciation of acceleration accounts, resulting in relatively high costs)
1.3 With its own blood-circumstance capacity, it is becoming a cycle in which the net operating cash flow of the company continues to be positive from 2018q2 and continues to exceed net profits. In 2018, the power cell industry achieved low-end production and increased market concentration; the company, as a leader, talked to downstream.
Upgrades, companies raise their advance payments, they raise their return money, and they improve their cash flow significantly. Upstream, companies have a greater voice and have a greater right to make transfers over and above the availability of material of high value for money. Data show that the net cash flow/net profit of the public sector has been consistently greater than 1 since 2018q2, and strong cash flows have enabled companies to maintain a continuous level of cash flow.
Figure 13: The Ningde era pre-collecting accounts/revenues have grown significantly since 2018 High core barriers, solid foundation of the world ' s Lithium Power King 2.1, core high-level technology source, and excellence in grass-roots research and development talent
2.1.1 The core high-level technology start-up, and the R & D team is complementary to the core management background of the Catl, which is closely linked to that of the atl. The chairman of the board, Vice-President Wong Shih-jin, and Deputy Managing Director Wu Kai-Wing, are of technical origin. From their past experience, all three have held positions in the atl R & D sector at the technology development level.
The firmness of the core management has enabled the Ninder era to accurately seize the opportunities of the industry. The core has a strong spirit of drilling, leading the research and development team to close down.
The power plant was a research and development engineer for 10 years. Atl was set up, the swarms solved the problem by adjusting the electrolyte formula, and became the only company in Bell's laboratory authorised to successfully convert the patent. Then, through electrolytic fluid modifications, they resolved the short life cycle of lithium batteries for Apple, successfully hit the pelican.
In 2011, the Quantities started a second business with Huang Shih, former Vice-President of Vehicle Power Batteries and Management Systems Development at Atl, bringing the atl Power Batteries Research Team into the Catl, where the spirit of hard research continued. The research team joined the BMW in closing, and the professionalism of the team won a reputation among European car companies.
After that, core management, with years of accumulation of technology in the consumer battery field, placed catl in a technology-led position for long periods of time in the power cell area.
Compared to companies, and with a rising share of M.A. Bo, high-level talent is the driving force behind the creation of core values. According to the output of the R & D staff, the per capita authorized patents of R & D staff are rising year by year.
In addition, when the company was listed, it introduced restrictive equity incentives 2.2, power cell products and technologies 2.2, and the Ninder era, which has been deep in power cells for many years, ranked first in the world since 2017 and in the industrial chain.
The company’s research and development team has a profound understanding of upstream materials, process seals, etc., and, for different clients, develops a variety of differentiated products, such as high energy density, high safety, long-cycle life, without cutting through materials modification, process improvement, and system innovation to upgrade the industry, deepening the corporate moat.
At the end of the material, it can be divided into three-bit routes and phosphate lithium routes. In battery form, it can be divided into cylindrical columns,
Squares, flexible packagings. From the manufacturing process in the core, it can be divided into curling and stacking. Trinity and lithium phosphate can be combined with three battery forms, each of which matches the different manufacturing processes.
Square manufacturing is dominated by curvature. In the first array of global power cells, the products of the Ninder era, the Samsung and Biade are mostly square curry technology, loosely cylindrical curling technology, and the lg chemistry is soft-packed stacking technology. The square core is best integrated. The cylindrical cores have a high energy density, but the diameter is less heated, and life is cycled.
Short life, low utilization of the built pack space, resulting in low group efficiency, and low battery capacity due to the low number of single voltage drums due to the difference in diameter and heat spread. Square batteries are designed to be fixed, product-friendly, life-cycled, but single-body energy density is slightly lower. Soft-pack cells are in phase because of their own shape and the advantages of encapsulated material.
Figure 16: The lifetime and safety of a cylinder core is poor The production efficiency and consistency of the twisting method is higher than the stacking method. The first battery is a cylinder, and the production process is a roll.
By-passing, thanks to years of technological accumulation, the production process is the most mature, and production efficiency can be optimized by increasing the speed of the axes. Traditional stacking requires multiple cuts of positive and negative extremes, with only half the production efficiency of the rounding left. Battery morphology routes are difficult to switch flexibly, and route selection is crucial.
But the manufacturing lines in the three battery forms are difficult to switch from one another, because the equipment used in the manufacturing of the central core is difficult to switch from the containment equipment. According to the Nender era stock book data, in the entire production line of the power cell kit, the front of the core (the Ningde era manual) integrates the production equipment in the medium sector.
In the Ninder era, the primer of the electro-chip line is a high rate of good quality. The factor influencing the quality of square process is: 1) the rate of automation of the line, which in part requires a dustless, non-metallic impurities, dry environment, which leads to a higher level of automation of the line.
High, and the better the quality of the product. 2) The reliability and correcting of the equipment used in the core chain, the coating and wrapping of the process are the most easy to produce the waste fragments, the scrap core, and the equipment with the advanced ability to correct the problem can improve the quality of the product. 3) The detection capability of the "bad" core, the multiplicity of steps in its preparation, will be effective if the "bad" core is detected in the early stages.
Cost savings, so the introduction of rigorous detection techniques in the extremes and in the cores will increase the quality of the follow-on chain. The Nender-era core manufacturing line is almost 100% automated, and there are a number of patents on equipment such as coatings, rolls, helium tests, etc., to improve product efficiency by working with equipment suppliers to develop custom-made equipment.
2.2.2, Ningde’s energy density is at the top of the line, and Ningde’s is at the top of the line in terms of the energy density of the core.
The energy density of the loose nca cylinder cells is in the lead when compared to the core. In a square core comparison of the same technology route, the Nender era was the first to produce the ncm 811 core, with the energy density ahead of the other tri-dollar manufacturers.
The core has an energy density of 304wh/kg, which is gradually closing the gap between the energy density of the loose nca. 2.2.3, technological innovation increases the value added of the product, opening up the market space.
According to the company ' s 2019 report, the company currently has 2484 patented patents, both domestic and foreign, and 2913 patented. The company ' s patents cover a number of domains, including upstream materials, power cell modules, power cell systems, and a large number of patents for modules, positives, negatives, cores, and electrolytic fluids.
(1) ctp technique effectively increases the energy density of the existing triple and phosphate lithium battery packs. This integration method of "crack-cell packages" does not alter the energy of the core monomer, but reduces the spare parts, side panels, bottoms of the battery package.
The amount of spare parts such as plates, fixes, beams, etc. has been reduced by 40%, and the total weight has been reduced in proportion to the total volume, thus indirectly increasing the energy density of the battery bag. With the current trincm2 ncm523 core-loading ctp technology in the Nender era, the energy density of the battery package can be increased by 10-15% from 140wh/kg to 154-161wh/kg.
ctp technology has reduced costs for battery packages, humans, sites, equipment, etc. On this basis, we compare the costs of traditional battery packages with those of batteries using ctp technology. According to our calculations, the current cost of the power three ncm 523 battery packages is $847.8/kwh.
Using the ctp technique, the cost is expected to fall to $741.7/kwh at a cost of 12.5%. At present, the cost of the phosphoric-acid lithium kit is $708.6/kwh, and the cost of carrying the ctp technology is expected to fall to $602.7/kwh at a cost of 14.9%.
(2) Super-fast-filled technology, super-fast-filled technology accumulates. The Ningde-era technological reserve in super-fast-filled technology dates back to atl. Atl has been working on cell phone-cell fast-loaded technology since 2010.
Dr. Wei has been working on Ningde’s new energy and East China’s new energy, with a deep accumulation of technology in the atl system. From his patents in the Ningde era, the company has been working mainly on positives, negatives, electrolytic fluid modifications, and the use of algorithms to control negative electrode levels to improve the battery’s fast-charge performance.
In March 2018, the company introduced the eerspeedy superphosphate lithium batteries, which, through material modifications, provided a fast charge of 15 minutes and 300 kilometres. In September 2019, under the "superphosphate lithium plus fast charged graphite" system, it adopted the constant-level closed-ring algorithm, which was adopted.
Controlling negative electrode constants above the dialysis lithium-level threshold to maximize input currents, thereby reducing the recharge time, further increasing the charge for 5 minutes and extending 150 km. (3) long-lived technology
Long-cycle life effectively reduces the full life cycle costs of electric cars. There are a lot of factors that influence the life cycle. The choice of positive and negative materials, the deployment of electrolytic additives, the mechanical strength of diaphragms are all factors that influence the life cycle of batteries.
The life cycle of the pool is the core competitiveness of the company. Table 9: Extending battery life by improving material performance Using ficcoating technology to reduce the recycling and storage of positive materials
Metal elements in the process are dissolved and poorly structured; development of “self-repair” negatives can meet the need of a taxi for 600,000 km over six years.
Completeness and stability of the membrane; addition of membrane additives to the electrolyte (4) battery management system technology self-heating improved the low temperature performance of the cell.
Low temperature performance. By increasing the ambient temperature of the core from -20°C to 10°C in 15 minutes by means of an external circuit, as shown in figure 23: the use of external circuits by heating technologies in the Ningde era
Thermomanagement system optimizes the working temperature of the battery. The thermal management system stabilizes the temperature of the battery at 20°C-40°C, optimizing the performance of the battery. This is done by heating the battery bag, while avoiding heating the battery to consume its own electricity, leading to the continuation of the electric car.
On the other hand, it can further reduce the temperature of cooling fluids in high-temperature equipment and increase the cooling efficiency of high-temperature settings. Remote monitoring platforms monitor battery discharge in real time.
The actual working state of the battery and the advanced state of the industry ' s high precision measurement techniques, and the accuracy of the sampling data, allow for timely judgement and correction of the battery ' s discharge state.
The cost advantage is particularly important in the power cell industry in the face of the pressing demand for a decline in the new energy automobile industry downstream. We measure the cost of core manufacturing in the Ninder, Pine, lig chemistry, Tristarsdi, and five departments of Biadi, which were found to be more cost-effective in high-end products, but two products.
The reason for the lower cost of unwinding nca cores is mainly because of the power core preparation process that allows them to acquire advantages, the benefit of engineers in developing countries, and the low depreciation advantage that the core competitive advantage of the raw material purchases is the Ninder era over the overseas battery giants.
The lower cost of raw material procurement in the Ningde era was due mainly to: 1) strong voice and bargaining power over domestic raw material suppliers; 2) expansion of business to upstream key materials to form an integrated industrial chain; 1) strong bargaining power at the end of raw material procurement in the Ninde era
Battery taps benefit from a complete domestic supply chain of lithium raw materials. The complete domestic supply chain of lithium raw materials is an important basis for the cost advantages of domestic firms like Ningde Times and Biadei.
National suppliers, but the vast majority of the supply is still dominated by overseas chemical giants. For upstream chemicals giants, the lithium power industry accounts for only a small fraction of the revenue received, so battery manufacturers are less able to negotiate with them.
Using the “multi-supplier” model to balance purchasing prices. In terms of the cooperation model, companies have increased their research and development on four core materials, mastering synthetic processes and formulas, weak supplier bargaining power, and compressed Maori space.
The share of the top five suppliers is about 20% long-term, below industry levels. On the upstream raw material procurement side, companies have adopted a strategy of developing multiple suppliers to balance purchase prices, with the first, second and reserve ladders for the four major suppliers.
2) Upstream key materials, forming an integrated industrial chain, extending the industrial chain upstream, and achieving further downgrading. The company has a productive layout for raw materials in the three positives, the phosphate lithium positives, the silicons, the negatives, and the lithium salt.
The positive side has established a joint venture with Defonami to build 10,000 tonnes/year of phosphate lithium positive atoms, holding a waste battery recovery operation in Guangdong Pombo, producing three-dollar pre-drives and three-dollar materials. Negative side, full capital subsidiary, 430 tons/year silicon negative atoms in the South Age, came into production in 2019.
In addition, the company continues to expand to mineral capital, with companies in Australia, Canada, Sichuan Ying Bin, Indonesia and the nickel mining industry, safeguarding raw materials 2.3.2, power cell supply patterns are increasingly concentrated, and leadership is being enhanced.
In 2016, the number of domestic lithium battery companies peaked at 217. Then, with the Coded Standards for Automotive Battery Industries and the Power Battery Production Enterprise, the new energy vehicles began to develop rapidly.
The catalogue has been published, and some companies have mistook the process route for a blind increase in production, with low-end production in the industry becoming clear and market concentration increasing significantly.
In comparison with their counterparts, the Ninder era has far more customers than lig chemistry, pineapple, tristar sdi and Biadi in the area of passenger cars. In addition, the Ninder era has a large customer base in the area of commercial cars; and there are fewer commercial car customers in foreign battery manufacturers.
In the competitive pattern of domestic commercial cars, the Ningde era is almost exclusive with new energy buses and special-purpose cars. The Ningde era has a high-quality client base and a high supply ratio.
In the area of commercial cars, Ningde was almost unique, and in the Utong bus, the Xiamen Golden Brigade, the Middle Car Company, the Chinese passenger bus, the deep binding of customer resources at the joint venture. The power cell industry has a high financial and technical barrier, which allows for a strong association with car companies.
In 2017, the Nender era started a model of joint ventures with car companies, which have so far set up holding or participation companies with customers such as upper gas, east wind, jili, one gas, wide gas, etc., with a planned output of 80 gwh.
The company has a strong voice in downstream cars, although most of its customers are large-line cars. The power cell business of the Ninder era is in the power cell industry. Most of the power cell industries are in a passive position because of downstream vehicle pressure and high credit sales.
Power, as evidenced by: 1) The Ninder era turnover of receivables is higher than comparable listed companies, suggesting that the company’s ability to repay downstream cars is stronger than comparable companies within the industry. Vertically, Ninder’s time has been higher since the downstream New Energy Motors industry retreated in 2017.
The annual growth in the turnover of accounts receivable reflects the firm ' s strong voice in the downstream industry.2 The production/stocking targets of the Ninder era are lower than those of comparable firms in the industry, indicating that the company ' s products are more popular with downstream customers, and the Division ' s client base is growing and operating risks are significantly reduced.
In order to benefit from the major trends of the new energy age, the future of the company is more dynamic, the global power cell market is vast, the continued expansion of the company is expected to move rapidly into the long term, the global motor motorization is accelerating, and the power cell industry is vast.
Global electric car penetration is low, and the long-term market is wide. Europe and China are now the main global market for new energy vehicles, but in 2019, the rate of electric car penetration was only 2.6/ 5.6 per cent, respectively, as the prices of electric cars sank further and the productivity of products increased.
Europe’s carbon emissions policy accelerates the process of electricizing cars worldwide. The new deal for carbon emissions for 2020/2025/2030 targets 95/81/59g/km, respectively, and transmits the pressure from the test indicators to automobile companies, with a fine of Euro95 per vehicle that exceeds the target of Euro1g per vehicle.
According to our incomplete statistics, there will be at least 40 electric cars in mainstream companies abroad on the market around 2020; at the same time, overseas cars are building or introducing electric platforms that are being developed. We have calculated the volume of new energy vehicles sold by mainstream European cars based on the new European carbon-emissions policy, based on Tesla, Ford, etc.
Toyota, Honda, and other US and Japanese mainstream car companies measure their share of new energy cars in overseas cities for the period 2020-2023. Given the impact of the new crown pneumonia on the global car market, a 16% reduction in foreign mainstream vehicle sales in 2020 has been achieved.
Domestic subsidies for new energy vehicles continued until the end of 2022, taking fully into account the realities of the country’s new energy and vehicle market, reducing the pressure on companies associated with the industrial chain and responding to global trends in new energy and automobiles. More importantly, the policy environment is favourable for medium- and long-term good products, business models, and innovation.
The impact of the epidemic on the volume of new energy cars will be quickly repaired, the country’s new energy vehicles will be restored to the fast track, and the domestic market will begin to grow in the second half of the year. Under the two-points policy of 2019, we measure the volume of new domestic energy vehicles sold from 2020 to 2023 and will be based on the domestic market.
Each vehicle carries electricity, measuring domestic power cell demand for 2020/2011/2022/2023, and accelerating company performance. According to Nender Times 2019, in 2019, the company has a total power and storage capacity of 53gwh. We estimate that 2020/2011/2022 will be new.
In addition, a total of 44 gwh (22.3 gwh equity capacity) will be fully operational in 2022, and 36 gwh (18.4 gwh power capacity) will be fully operational in 2023.
The power cell expansion booms, with a strong capacity to digest. The benefits of the global electricization process are accelerating, and demand for power cells is growing at a high rate. The front-loading company is opening up a model of capacity expansion. From production planning to the analysis of capacity utilization by public departments in 2019, the lig chemistry was underutilized in 2019 and its expansion was relatively radical.
According to the Department’s sample project sheet, gwh’h’s investment is larger, lig’s chemistry, Quantico’s, Samsung’s sdi’s, Xiang’s and Ningd’s Quantico’s investment was relatively low, and the firm’s capital was under less pressure. The storage market entered the fast-track development drive, and the company was in a state of readiness.
The wind storage integration project has become an inevitable trend in renewable energy development. As renewable energy “pair-priced Internet access” advances, the role of the storage power “peak-filling” begins to emerge on all sides of power generation, on the net side, on the user side, and the storage market is expected to open up.
The cost of electrical and chemical storage is gradually decreasing as the electrical and chemical storage units develop in size. The penetration rate of electrical and chemical devices in the field of storage energy is expected to rise considerably.
Participation in the pilot project (4mw/16mwh) for the National Golden Sun Project was the first pilot project. In 2020, the pilot project (30mw/108mwh) for the Jinjiang storage power station was launched, with the Ningde era in charge of the entire storage system.
The company produces power cells with the same production line as storage cells, which can move deep-tech accumulations of power cells to storage cells. The company currently has power and storage battery production capacity totalling 53gwh, pending the opening of the storage energy market.
According to China's Association of Chemical and Physics Industries, the life expectancy of power cells in frequent use is around three to five years (three-dollar batteries about three years and phosphate lithium batteries about five years).
In the Ningd era, Guangdong Bump was acquired in 2015 to provide a positive business in light assets. In the early part of Guangdong Bump, the three-dollar orthodox drive of metal elements from used batteries began to be built in 2013 mainly through the recycling of used batteries.
In 2019, the excavated capacity reached 50,000 tons, and in 2019, the trip material reached 19,000 tons. Before the triad, the excavated product was sold to positive material manufacturers for processing, and the processed material directly supplied to the Ningde era; and the self-produced trio material was supplied directly to the Ningde era, with Bump recycling in 2019 as a proportion of the trio material supplied in the Ningde era.
The Ningde era, on the one hand, reduced positive costs by supplying a pre-triple drive plus extracrete model, and, on the other hand, recycled tri-metals through batteries, bypassed the distribution of mineral resources, and deployed positive materials in light assets, with low investment and high Maori.
Figure 33: The Māori rate for Lithium Electric Materials in the Ningde era is slightly higher than in Green America, where we split and forecast revenues for 2020-2022, with the core assumption that: 1) The global new energy car policy supports the industry climate rise, and the short-term disturbance of the epidemic has had a slight impact on 2020.
2) Benefiting from the continued use of the company’s high-quality client’s new energy vehicle model, the domestic municipal share of the company’s power cell has steadily increased, with sales of 9/12.14 million tons of real-estate business, respectively.
The resulting demand for power cells, with its own rigid product quality and industrial chain dominance, has grown into global power cell leaders. Looking ahead, the resonance of the global new energy automobile industry has continued to drive the power-power industry up. And storage and so on will gradually open the market.
Competitiveness will continue to drive firms to grow faster than industry. New technological developments have led to higher demand than expected, epidemics, and increased competition in the battery market.