Production of battery-grade lithium carbonate, phase two of the boost is expected to accelerate.
The production of 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate has been successfully completed in recent days, and the first products have all been tested by the authorities to meet the battery-grade standards, with lithium carbonate content of more than 99.6 per cent and the current operational load of the entire project is 20 per cent, and production is expected to reach full capacity in the first half of 2019.
The efficient construction of the first phase of the salt lake lithium project, with 20,000 tons, highlights the company’s ability to implement it. The contract for the engineering of the tons/year lithium carbonate project is 16 months and 12 months, respectively, from the start of the layout to the production of the products, the project’s speed of progress and the right technology choice.
The company has been shown to be more well-managed in terms of enforcement. Lithium Carbonate Phase I projects are more profitable and phase II advances are expected to accelerate.
According to the company announcement, the total investment in the first phase of the 20,000-ton lithium carbonate project is around $1 billion, and we measure the full cost at around $30,000 per ton, which, based on the current battery-grade lithium price of 80,000 yuan per ton and the company ' s production of 8,000 tons in 2019, can contribute a net profit to the company of more than $200 million.
The first phase of the project is expected to be fully productive in the first half of 2019. The project is located in the low lithium content of the water resources, the high level of lithium magnesium and the complex composition of many elements in the halo water, such as baboon, potassium, magnesium, sodium, etc., and is technically difficult, and the company has accumulated relatively extensive experience in the construction of the first phase of the project.
The company is the country’s second largest potassium fertilizer company, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to rise steadily. The price of the fat maritime import contract is US$ cfr 290/tonne, an increase of US$ 60/tonne compared to 2017, an increase of 26 per cent.
The rise in the price of potassium fat import contracts has provided important support for the domestic price of potassium fertilizer, and against the background of the global demand for and supply of potassium fertilizer, we judge that the domestic price of potassium fertilizer is expected to continue to rise in 2019, thus driving companies to the level of potassium fertilizer, taking into account the scarcity of salt lake resources, and maintaining a “recommended” investment rating.
1. Research brief by Tibetan Holdings (000408): The expectation of a sustained increase in potassium fertilizer prices and the arrival of lithium salt lake production are summarized in the company ' s financial statement data projections
Tao Maw, graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and crafts, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalization), July 2011, Ga Li Xing, Beijing University Doctor of Materials, third member of the New Wealth and Non-ferrous Metals Industry, December 2018, joined the Civil Securitization Team, Wang Jing Jing, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, July 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.