Recently, the International Data Corporation (idc) released the latest Chinese X86 server market survey data. The data show that the first wave of server sales in the first half of 2017 was in the Chinese market, with a market share of 19 per cent.
First in 15 consecutive quarters, male state-owned server leader \triangleright 1, according to idc data: in the first half of 2017, Chinese x86 servers delivered 1.09 million units.
Sales were $4.36 billion, or 4 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively. The first half of the wave showed an increase of 11 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively. The company’s share in the second quarter of the year was first in the area of aircraft racks, while the server industry, we believe, was a knowledge-intensive and capital-intensive industry.
The unit has a relatively high barrier and a high market concentration compared to 300 deep, and the current brand of domestic servers is dominated by waves, titanium, China San, dawn, etc. The company, as a domestic server, continues to invest more in research and development, and elaborates a “gold diamond”
Products, offshore market layouts, and a strong global leader. The racks are outstanding, with a new generation of m5 coming out, building on the future wisdom to calculate the leadership base, with a 32.7% drop in volume and a 23.9% drop in sales for servers of type 1, 2017q2 and blade servers, respectively.
The volume of goods and sales fell by 3.1 per cent and 18.2 per cent, respectively, while the volume and sales of the rack server increased by 13 per cent and 25.8 per cent, becoming the main product pattern that had driven market growth, and the share of the market was further increased to 81.2 per cent, with the bulk of the rack server being the company's number one major contributor.
Starting in the third quarter, a new generation of m5 servers based on an intel-extensionable platform will continue,2 and we believe that early in 2017 the company proposed a long-term overall development strategy centred on smart calculations, with full-scale progress in the areas of c (correspondent computing), b (big data) and d (a.i. intelligence depth learning).
With the release of a new one, the trend towards higher density products, such as future hangars and whole cabinets, will be further strengthened, laying the foundation for an intelligent calculation of leadership. The Internet’s strong Idm pushes for the integration of industrial chains.
1. In the high-density segment of the market, the share of wave sales has increased further to 34.4%, and the market continues to be in the forefront. Sr’s whole cabinet server, the main product of the wave, was purchased in large quantities by large-scale Internet and telecommunications operators such as Alibaba, Pedu, and Chinese mobile operators, accounting for more than 60% of the total number of shipments from the whole container server.
Research Assistant: Sun Yeung Liang provides computing support to the country ' s well-known proi-related enterprises.2 Companies and Internet operators have established joint custom development and cooperation models (jdm, jointdisign)
Through the integration of industrial chains, relationships with operators, from service to symbiosis, can provide households with more agile, deeper customized products. The current wave is based on the cold-temperature data integration management programme and the in-depth learning one platform that Sr has developed.
1. Wave Information (000977), Corporate Review: Comprehensive 3. We believe that the company captures industry trends, captures new global digitalization, intelligent development machines, dynamic artificial intelligence, future leaders in intelligence computing.
The field of positive deployment of artificial intelligence, based on the technical advantages of cloud computing platform products, continuously upgrades the overall capability of market operations and cloud computing data centre solutions, expands global market openings and replicates successful experiences in Chinese markets to the global level, and is expected to become a global server industry leader in the next three years.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals are 51x, 42x, and 33x, respectively. Based on the futureai, the resource market space is vast, corporate-wide servers and the Yaas market are becoming more competitive; strategy implementation is less advanced than expected; and overseas business expansion risks.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Technology, Beijing University, Senior Research Scientist, Intel China Institute, 2016, Consecutor of the Chinese Academy. Sun Yum, Computer Industry Research Assistant. Bachelor of Arts, University of Electronics and Master of Finance, Shandong University, two years of experience in software development and implementation, 2017
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.