A joint venture with ibm for the future of power servers: the company recently issued an announcement and signed a joint venture with ibm China.
In addition, co-financing the establishment of joint ventures in China with a registered capital of RMB 1 billion, of which the Wave Information provided RMB 510 million, representing 51% of the shares of the joint ventures, and ibm China contributed RMB 490 million, representing 49% of the shares of the joint ventures.
The development, production and marketing of servers based on open power technologies, the improvement of server ecosystems, the establishment of sustainable development server operations, the provision of advanced and diversified information products and solutions for users, and the promotion of social development and progress.
Servers continue to lead the domestic market, with a reduction in the Māori rate requiring much-needed high-end products: according to the relevant trio data, the market share of surge servers in 2016 was over 20 per cent, wave 2017q1 x 86 servers were the first to be sold in the domestic market, and companies were in the Chinese server market.
Co-winner, conspiring Power Servers for the Future: Power series servers have been representative of a 12-month high/minimum ($) end server, despite the rapid growth of x86 servers, due to the Power Server System
The performance and stability are strong, so the power server in the core business system in many of it still has the advantage of the new product layer, growing in the future. ibm set up the openpower coalition in 2013 and started the power platform.
-2017/08/23 On the way, the wave received an invitation from ibm in 2014 to join the Openpower Foundation. We believe that the possible form of this collaboration is the wave responsible for the current wave operating system on the Power chip.
At the same time, after the completion of the research and development, and given the power of the wave's domestic distribution channels, product sales can be primarily responsible for the wave. This collaboration is considered significant for both parties: ibm, ibm, ibm, ibm, and ibm.
The impact of a wave of powerful R & D and channel sales can be reached by expanding the range of power server applications to reach 10e; the wave can be used to gain access to the market for the power server, which has a relatively high Maori ratio, and to further expand the company's presence in the server market.
9 North Street, Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report