In recent years, wave information has been published in the semi-annual report of 2017: 9.1 billion yuan, an increase of 55.73 per cent, $144 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a decrease of 44.66 per cent in the same year.
Performance met expectations, with male state-owned server leader status \triangleright 1 \, server operations continued to be good with a 50 per cent yield of the same year. (1) 2017h1 server and parts, etc., end-of-life
End and bulk income reached $9.04 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively, with server operations growing by 55.14 per cent over the year, Māori at 10.46 per cent and Māori at 3.1 percentage points below the same year, resulting in an overall Māori business of 61.41 per cent.
q1 wave x 86 server sales ranked first on the Chinese market compared to the depth of 300, with the highest segmenting of the market on 4th and 8th roads remaining steady. (3) Non-recurrent gains and losses amounted to $63,42.83 million, mainly in relation to shares and non-equity in the Hong Kong Port.
Liquid assets generated $55,838.83 million.2 Research and development inputs are increasing and active overseas markets are being developed. (1) 217h1 development expenditure is $373 million, an increase of 24.17 per cent over the same period, with secure and credible autonomous control projects, cloud server projects and high-end storage projects, respectively
The whole cabinet server or series, which combines power supply, heat radiation, management and network modules, is a modular solution to mega-data centres.3 We believe that the server industry is a knowledge-intensive and money-intensive combination of barriers.
At a higher level, only a few manufacturers globally have access to the relevant technology and form a scale of production, market concentration is high, and market competition tends to heat up. Companies, as domestic servers, continue to increase their R & D inputs, carefully build “gold diamond” products, improve the layout of overseas markets, and have a strong global leader.
Future wise computing leaders, Focus cbd (Cycling computing, big data, deep learning),1 build an autonomous cloud computing brand based on the development and development of the Yaas operation. (1) The company has become the country's first manufacturer to complete an autonomous technology layout in the field of cloud computing in the Yaas layer, focusing on the construction of the bottomiaas industrial chain.
Government departments and manufacturers such as 100 degrees, Ali and others provide high-performance, distributed computing resources. (2) Launch a new generation of smart storage platform g2, directed to a unified storage market, with products covering as2000g2, Research Assistant: Sun Yeung
As 5000g2, as6,000g2 and as18000g2 are low-, medium- and high-level storage products capable of realising 2-16 controller extensions and tb-level cache extensions to meet the differences in storage between clients in different sectors2 and full-fledged artificial intelligence to become leaders of intelligence calculations. (1) In early 2017, companies offered to use intelligence as a resource.
It is calculated as a long-term overall development strategy at the core, with a comprehensive approach in the areas of c (clouds computing), b (big data) and d (a.i.) A.A.I. in depth learning). (2)ai is a new product, with a series of servers and an open-source platform; 1, Wave Information (00977), company reviews: innovation.
The company co-published with 100 degrees the world's first innovative product designed using a pciefabric interconnectivity architecture - a three-step approach to cloudization, building data integration for new ecology (agx-2) and ai accelerated computing product, gx4, among others, the richest single node 2/4/8/16 calories in the industry.
The Fungpu server array is a manufacturer; in software, the high-efficiency in-depth learning framework canffe-mpi opens up. (3) The market share in the area of artificial intelligence computing in the country exceeds 60 per cent, providing computing support to companies in the country that are known as the one in question, such as 100 degrees, Alibaba, Tents, Chihu, Science and Technology, and Face++.
3. We believe that with the development and diffusion of new-generation information technologies, such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, there is already a huge gap in computational resource requirements. Companies’ insights into industry trends, positive layouts, artificial intelligence areas, with the technological advantage of cloud computing platform products, continue to upgrade overall market operations and clouds.
Compute the data centre’s solution capability to upgrade from home-grown to global enterprises, and hopefully become a leader in the global intelligent computing industry in the future.
New shares are sold. The company sells the actual stock pairs to all shareholders at a ratio of 3 shares per 10 shares, and the certificate increases to the fourth largest shareholder. China Securities and Finance Inc. increased its stock by 9,116,188 shares, or 0.91 per cent of the total equity stock, and became the fourth largest shareholder during the reporting period.
3. In our view, in the current environment of tight regulation of fund-raising, companies have successfully and efficiently raised their capital through the allocation of shares to supplement liquidity and invest in research and development and industrialization projects to provide a financial base for the long-term development of their companies, while institutions such as certification have entered to demonstrate strong investor trust and confidence in the company.
iii. Profit forecasts and investment proposals are 46x, 38x, and 30x, respectively. Based on the futureai, the resource market space is huge, corporate-wide servers and the Yaas market are becoming more competitive: implementation of the strategy has not advanced as expected: the risk of overseas business expansion.
The company’s financial statement data projections are summarized as follows: head of the tmt group. Doctor of Management, People’s University of China.
Yang Si-heung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Technology, Beijing University, Senior Research Scientist, Intel China Institute, 2016, Consecutor of the Chinese Academy. Sun Yum, Computer Industry Research Assistant. Bachelor of Arts, University of Electronics and Master of Finance, Shandong University, two years of experience in software development and implementation, 2017
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.