In-depth learning framework performance is nearly two times higher than that of tensorflow, caffe-mpi upgrade of the ai server parallel computing efficiency - wave information theme study
The In-depth Learning Framework is a software tool in the i-development environment that helps users to conduct the i-training efficiently.
and extrapolation. The mainstream depth learning framework includes tensorlow, torch, cognitivetoolkit, mxnet, caffe, theano, etc., where tensorlow, torch, cognitivetoolkit, mxnet are Google, facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, etc., and wave information is based.
Caffe developed caffe-mpi suitable for high performance gpu parallel calculations. Hu Man super wave caffe-mpi performance is almost twice as high as that of tensorflow, raising the co-ordinates of the waveai server.
In 2015, the wave launched the first parallel version of the Caffe depth learning calculation framework for the world’s first cluster – caffe-mpi. In 2016, the second generation of Caffe-mpi supported distribution based on the Intel Melted Nuclear Chip phi knl. The new generation of Caffe-mpi, gpu, was released on the wave at the Gtc Congress in 2017.
A wave of caffe-mpi and aai servers will enhance the performance of the company ' s ai. A wave of aai servers will carry gpu, fpga, or an Intel melted chip phi, providing excellent ai isomer calculations.
Performance. Caffe-mpi further enhanced the parallel use efficiency of hardware at the software level, enhanced the overall ai computing performance, and businesses using wave-ai programming frameworks and servers will benefit.
Controversy continues to strengthen the x86 server's leadership position, and the layout of the tectonic arithmetic contrasts the wave depth learning framework with the mainstream depth learning framework of the industry.
1.1. In-depth learning framework is a software tool in the development environment of the i development environment. The in-depth learning framework is a software tool in the development environment of the i development environment that helps users to perform effective ai training and extrapolation.
The in-depth learning framework has been developed and extrapolated. When calling chips like gpu, the in-depth learning framework requires the developer to prepare a specific hardware code or call the existing hardware tool bank. 1.2, which are the mainstream in-depth learning frameworks?
The mainstream depth learning framework includes tensorlow, torch, cognitivetoolkit, mxnet, caffe, theano, etc., where tensorlow, torch, cognitivetoolkit, mxnet are Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, etc., and wave information is developed or supported based on caffe.
High performance gpu parallel calffe-mpi. Caffe-mpi is better than almost two times higher than tensorflow, increasing the parallel computing efficiency of the Waveai server
2.1 The new generation of caffe-mpi cluster parallel arithmeticals are better than Googletensorflow 2015, when the wave launched the first global cluster-based caffe-mpi framework for in-depth learning calculations. In March 2015, at the gtc conference in Nvidia, the wave published a University of California-based version.
The mpi cluster depth learning framework at the Berkeley campus. The wave released the mpi cluster page at the Congress and opened it up on the github for deep learning users. The mpffe-mpi version supports the multigpu server in carrying out the in-depth learning tasks in parallel, increasing the gpu server cluster to perform the ai calculation
. The wavecaffe calculation framework, which was deployed and tested on a supercomputer, showed that, with the same accuracy, wavecaffe increased its efficiency by 10.7 times at eight nodes in parallel. In 2016, second generation caffe-mpi, supported distribution based on Intel-melted phiknl
Computation. A new version of mpi-caffe was released at the gtc conference in April; and in June, United Intel launched a 100 billion global user plan for knl and a caffe-mpi in support of the intel phiknl version of the phiknl. A new generation of caffe-mpi, gpu cluster computing features were released at the wave at the gtc conference in 2017.
Better than Googletensorflow. The new version Caffe-mpi trains on the 16 gpucard cluster system at 4 points 2.2, Caffe-mpi upgrades the parallel computing efficiency of the wave-ai server, enabling the enterprise ari calculates the wave by combining the caffe-mpi and the ai server, which enhances the performance of the enterprise ai calculates.
The server, carrying gpu, fpga, or Intel Melted Nuclear Chips, provides excellent al-isomer computing performance. Caffe-mpi further enhances the parallel efficiency of hardware use at the software level, enhancing the overall ai computing performance, and will benefit businesses using wave-ai programming frameworks and servers.
The wave has provided high-performance i-servers to industry users like 100 degrees, tethers, and 100 degrees of AI technology has achieved global leadership in the use of technology such as voice, image, and unmanned. The wave has maintained multi-year strategies with 100 degrees, and has produced a number of results in joint research and development on computing architecture, technology, and products needed for artificial intelligence, and the AI server product program has been implemented.
It's widely applied to artificial intelligence scenes like 100 degrees unmanned vehicle, 100 degrees brain. Face++ microphone speed, accents, infusion, etc.
BMW '2017 focused on autopilot technology in Munich, where face recognition is not merely a face recognition, but a perception. The noise and distance provided by face++ affects voice recognition; it's a volume processing process.
The new R & D center in the nearby Schlesheim is actually focused on data that are people-centred. When real knowledge of a person, data and modeling training is more demanding on computing.
The wave created the BMW to understand his identity, his behavior, the relevance of the data service, the artificial intelligence computing server product program for the tether.
The AI computing server product program, which allows cars to be digitally produced, is very useful. Wave AI computing servers with maximum single-precision float point capacity of 96 per second.
Clients bring new possibilities that cars will become the customer's new life product program, helping face++ achieve a large tflops with a human-centred diet, with a model training mission for micro-mail voice recognition.