Joint ibm development of power server, core competitiveness continuously increasing - Wave Information and Ibm Joint Venture Incident Review strongly recommended (higher rating)
On the evening of 8 September, the company announced that it would establish a joint venture with ibm (China), which would finance 510 million yuan (51 per cent) and 490 million yuan (49 per cent). The joint venture would develop, produce and sell servers based on open power technologies.
Why are the two companies working together? We analyze -- the tide: the high-end host business, the Intel Atten processor of the Skysun series, is facing a shutdown, and if we use the Power structure, we'll upgrade it further.
Its technical strength; ibm: subject to China’s national production substitution requirements, and a declining market share, cooperation is expected to enhance the sales of its servers in China.
This collaboration is expected to make the company's key business hosting more efficient after the release of the Intel Anten processor in May of this year (Atten 9700 series) and will be discontinued.
Strong ibmpower processor. Minimum/highest in a year: Wave: Servers are expected to upgrade technology using Power architecture. Power architecture is:
ibm small machine structures, processors belonging to the rsc structure, with the characteristics of Goras (reliability availability, serviceability, high reliability, high availability, high serviceability) compared to the servers in x86 (processor is the intel cisc structure), the power of the joint venture
Servers are expected to upgrade the company's technology. ibm: Cooperation is expected to expand the sales of ibm servers in China. In the context of “goioe” in the Chinese market, “nationalization”, ibm collaborates with the wave of the world's server's first echelons and is expected to help them.
On the other hand, in an environment where the market share of large and small machines is declining, ibm is expected to work with the tide to create power ecology, which is expected to change its server operations.
The ibm server is divided into large machines, which host zsystems, and small ones, which are power hosts, which are now mainly oriented towards finance, telecommunications, government, etc.
Faced with the impact of a more open x86 architecture server, ibm chose open power architecture in 2013: x86 servers took over the main common server with open ecological and relatively low prices.
In August 2013, ibm united google, nvidia, tyan, and mellanox formed the Openpower Alliance (which later evolved into the Openpower Foundation).
In 2014, six Chinese companies joined the Openpower Foundation. At the end of 2014, the Wave Group, the China-South China-South China-Su-Su, the Jiangsu International Institute of Technology, the Beijing-based China-Sung-Sung-sung, China-Hing Communications, and six domestic companies joined the Openpower Foundation.
Openpower is a deep open-source structure, and eco-enterprises are expected to benefit from it. Openpower is a source of hardware architecture (a deep-to-cpu structure), operating systems, intermediates, and digital libraries, and is subject to a security review, while Intel’s x86 structure is primarily based on system applications.
As a result, China’s firms would further increase their technological penetration and their profitability if they were to develop a power-structured server. It is expected that, under the open ecology, the joint venture’s power server role will be diversified, and there will be support for it.
Keyworks, generic business capabilities can also support chip isomer computing in the 'i ' era, developing large power structures as small-scale ibm structures that are strong in key business; open open power structures support scaleeout (horizontal expansion), with no potential for universal servers
The Hanx86 architecture; in the context of the rapid rise of the one, the open power architecture will support the various hesitant models of cpu\gpu\fpga\asic, the development of the joint venture power server, and the cooperation between the two sides has been under way for a long time, not excluding the possibility of further cooperative upgrading through the joint venture.
The wave was the only member of the first echelon of global servers to join the Openpower Foundation, and the two parties have been working together for a long time. The wave joined the eopenpower in 2014 and, among the members, only the wave came from the first echelon of global servers, which does not preclude further collaboration between the two parties through joint ventures.