In recent days, at the 217-degree cloud wisdom summit abcsummit, the Wave Information Consortium launched abc intellectual upgrading acceleration of traditional industries, leading to an increase in the demand for smart hardware platforms.
The \triangleright abc one system is modularized to cover wave sr-ai hangars, agx-2, gx4 and so on, with single computing nodes providing 2-64 different isomer acceleration cards.
In terms of the framework, the mainstream algorithm frames can be supported, such as tensorlow, caffe, cntk, and Paddlepaddle. The abc one machine is primarily oriented towards model training and the online prediction of inference, two main categories of scenarios that can be calculated with a precise matching system, depending on the size of the client's business and the need for computing power.
To promote the widespread use of artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing in finance, telecommunications, meteorology, etc., based on years of server research and development and project practice, in cooperation with the Internet giants.
With an increase in the number of applications, the intellectual upgrading of traditional industries will lead to a significant increase in the demand for smart hardware platforms, mastering high-end core technologies, using Internet manufacturers to further increase the market share, as further learning, cnn, rnn, etc., advances in technology, i'm getting more mature, Google, 100 degrees, and so on.
According to the latest data from idc, the share of companies in high-density markets increased further to 34.4% in the first half of 2017, and the share of Internet producers exceeded 60%. We believe that the Internet is the largest segmented market with server capacity, public.
The Division’s increasing share of scorpion-based full-frame servers in Internet operators’ purchases provides a sustained growth engine for high-density servers, which will further increase market shares in the future and enhance corporate performance.
In early 2017, the company proposed a strategy for the development of “smart computing” and continued to deepen its collaboration with such giants as British Weida, Intel, and ibm, issuing new products and services for the ai computing platform. The State Department, in the New Generation's Smart Development Plan, proposed that the core industry of artificial intelligence would be more than $150 billion by 2020, spearheaded by the State Department.
The industry in question is over $1 trillion. We believe that the ai application is at a time of rapid horizontal expansion, generating more segmented business and application scenarios from several applications, such as speech-oriented, image-based and natural language processing, and that the company, as the leader of an artificial smart hardware platform, will benefit from industrial development and policy dividends.
And it will continue to build on its strengths and reach out to the whole of its business area.
This is based on the great space available in the resource market, based on the future of the one, and the company All Wave Information (000977), which is critical of the increased competition between servers and the Yaas market: the speed of technology R & D is not as fast as expected; and the risk of overseas business expansion.
In the first quarter of the 15th consecutive quarter, m5 will be re-exported and re-educated.
Research experience in the field of tmt, in 2016, the Allies for Democratic Securities. Yang Si-Wung, head of the computer team. Doctor of Computers, Chinese University of Technology, and post-doctor of Information Science, Beijing University; Senior Research Scientist, Intel Chinese Academy, in 2010, and Allied Democratic Securities 2016.
Sun Xiang, Associate Research in the Computer Industry. B.A., University of Electronics and Technology, Master of Finance, Shandong University; two years of experience in software development and implementation, in 2017 the author of the Association of Chinese Securities Industry, with the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not subject to any third party's approval or influence.