Incidents: Hangzhou Bank discloses 2023 and 2024 I: 2024q1 returns to Hangzhou Bank (60926)
The harvest has been positive, and the net profit of the mother has increased at a sharp rate.
The company’s performance has grown robustly, largely as a result of counter-breeding and expansion of its size. q1 profits at the edge of Xiaohui Zhang’s growth have slowed down, mainly because of the contribution of the provision and the decline in the growth of its size, as well as interest differentials, and its positive contribution.
The net difference continues to narrow, and the asset liability structure is optimized. In 2023, the Hangzhou bank net difference was 1.50%, compared to 19bp, lower than the rate of 1.57% for all urban comptoirs, with interest-bearing asset returns.
Wang Qing Dynasty - 19bp. Cost of debt-bearing debt - 4bp. Cost of debt is effectively managed. According to our calculations, bad rates are equal and risk-resistant.
\triangleright \triangleright has a strong lead in quality, is more risk-resistant, and there is ample room for anti-breeding profit.
The model has been expanded faster. At the end of 20241, total assets, total liabilities, total loans, total deposits have not been transferred to equity, and a fixed increase in the duration of the resolution has been extended. It is expected that future profits will be released and profits will continue to grow, with coverage set at the top of the list.
Prospectives of profits: the Hangzhou Bank’s regional economic advantages are clear, providing a solid foundation for its rapid expansion, asset quality, and a high level of growth in its combined contribution performance.
The business transformation and restructuring strategy of Sinda Securities S.A. Five Five Five, with good prospects for high-quality development in the future.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, \triangleright, Figure 1: Collections and performances are increasing at the same speed.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year acceleration of performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Provision coverage vs. Industry
Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels, Master ' s degree, Master ' s degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor ' s degree from Zhejiang University, accepted as a pilot course in the College of Honors and Financial Sciences.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance management, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-China Portfolio Research and Development Centre. Part of it is unsatisfied, unsatisfied, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.