High and sustained profits and asset quality Events: On April 19, Hangzhou Bank issued 2023 and 24q1. 2023, 24q1 Bank receipts of $35 billion, $9.8 billion, yoy+6.3 per cent, + 3.5 per cent; net profit returns to mothers were $14.4 billion,
Other non-interest income remains high. For 23 years, Hangzhou Bank net interest income, middle income, other non-interest income \triangleright pressure, while other non-interest income keeps rising at a sharp rate, remains the main contributor to the growth of revenue, with the ratio being the same.
The corresponding 23-year base was not low. The profit rate slowed slightly, but remained high. The 23-year, 24-q1 Hang County Bank net return profit increased by 23.2 per cent and 21.1 per cent, respectively, and decreased by 23-q1-3 as a result of adjustments in the decline in the reduction of the margin and slower recovery rates, respectively.
Credits continue to grow and are better structured. 24q1 Hangzhou Bank total assets, total loans, total deposits \triangleright surplus
Thanks to the region’s more dynamic economy and strong credit demand, the credit structure has continued to be optimized, mainly in the area of structural adjustment of co-opting financial supply, 23 years of enterprise finance, green loans, manufacturing loans, research assistant Wang Xuan.
It is expected to continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace, mainly due to its early entry, its superior client resources and product system, and the dynamism of science, technology and innovation in the main exhibition areas (Zhejiang, Beijing, Shanghai, etc.). 1. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) 23h1 performance report points
See, the asset end-of-end rate of return continues its downward trend, with the average interest rate on loans declining by 10 bp over 23 years from 23h1.
The cost rate decreased by 3bp. \triangleright changed. The enterprise loan and the personal loan default rate decreased by 23 years from the end of 22 years to 23 years.
3. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) 22q3 performance report points 58 per cent of non-performing loans over 90 days late, with a more stringent rating.
Hangzhou ' s banking operations are mainly well-placed in the more economically developed Zhejiang region, where local credit needs are high; in recent years there has been wide scope for financial development, which has given further impetus to credit lending; in recent years, savings cost management has been strengthened and the end-of-debt cost advantages have been further tightened; and assets have been of excellent quality and have been operating at a low rate over a long period of time, providing security cushions.
Figure 2: Hangzhou Bank net interest income as at 24q1, net fee income as at rate of increase (cumulative) Figure 3: Hangzhou Bank other non-interest income as at 24q1 as at rate of increase (cumulative) Figure 5: Hangzhou Bank total liabilities as at 24q1 and deposits as at rate of increase
Figure 6: Hangzhou Bank ' s net interest margin as of 2023 (%) Figure 8: Hangzhou Bank ' s interest rate as of 2023, overdue rate Summary of Company ' s financial statement data projections
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.