The Great Wall car: optimized product structure, 2401 high performance event: companies published a quarterly report in 2024, 24q1 achieved 42.86 billion yuan in revenue, compared to the same product structure, and company new energy and overseas sales continued to rise.
275,000 vehicles, equivalent to +25.1 per cent; 158,000 Huff brands, corresponding to +25.5 per cent; 9608 Wey brands, corresponding to +182.3 per cent; 44,000 pickup cards, corresponding to +10.9 per cent; 15,000 Euro brands, corresponding to +15.4 per cent; 49,000 tank brands,
The product structure is optimized by 10,000 vehicles, same-year-old +78.5%. The product continues to be renewed to achieve full-grade coverage. Since this year, the company has developed a variety of products under its flag, including Hafer, Wei, Tanque, Ora, and the Great Wall Picard.
New energy technologies in the city have accelerated, tanks have officially delivered a limited version of 7000hi4-t, and Wei High Hills has been promoting the value of the Great Wall ' s brand. Companies continue to maintain hard-to-land markets, new energy markets across the country, and the three types of pickup market with the first breakdown of market sales.
The offshore layout has accelerated, and has entered many countries. Towards global markets, the Great Wall Cars focus on one gwm brand strategy, accelerating the “ecological outing” of the sea, the global product matrix has become richer, high-end products and new energy products have been sold, Wei High Mountain has entered the Dubai market, tank suv is globally secret.
On the market, Olya-Cat is producing locally in Thailand into a multi-country area, and overseas markets are expected to contribute to the company’s growth. Risk factors: sales of new models are not as high as expected; sea processes are not as high as expected; prices of upstream raw materials are priced
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
He was employed at Toyota Motor Technology Centre and Joaquín Securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies + three years of research and research in the automobile industry. He covered the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as intelligence, new power, and so forth. Part of this report is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.