The volume of tank brand sales has increased on a year-on-year basis, and the accelerated layout of globalization is summarized in the paragraph  of 06/06/2024: the total volume of Great Wall vehicles produced in May 2024 was 94.422/91.460.
The same comparison of 6.68 per cent/-9.46 per cent and the ring ratio of 8.70 per cent/-3.52 per cent, respectively; the volume of Huff's brands in May  total sales in May, with tank brands and exports increasing by the same amount. The cumulative sales by the company in January/May were 46.16 million, or +11.42 per cent; and the volume of wholesale sales in May was equal to 9.46 per cent, wey and Hafley.
Eurasia shows a relatively weak performance. The export dimension, where companies export more overseas than the previous year, increased 34,477 in May, representing 37.19%/-4.60% of the same ring, representing 37.7% of group sales, and the systemic advantage of the same ring continues to open up globalized markets and the product matrix is further optimized.
Car acquisition interests: The Great Wall Soul Motorcycle product is officially showing up at the Beijing Motorbike Fair: the first paragraph of the Wall is officially offline to the development of a heavy-car pt model, a super-mixed smart weight card tailored to the trunking logistics scene, which is expected to be marketed in the second half of this year.
The bus-type distributions will further enrich the fabric of the Great Wall's car product. 2) Technology dimensions, Coffeepilotultra's laser radar version of the Wall Blue. Noa is about to take a full ride to the Great Wall Car (601633): the sales are on the same scale in April.
Loaded in a car with the power of an English chip; and boarded the Coffeeos 3 smart cabin system, product intelligence, tank/export performance.
The Great Wall has 14 million + global users; on May 31, International Organizations and Institutional Change Conference, the Great Wall restructured its fission ten "war zones", regional operations.
The module is directly linked to markets and users, with a regional focus on the harmonization of research, production, supply, distribution and appliance: o1 performance over expectations, globalization + intelligent resources to ensure healthy development and operation of international markets, with plans to achieve over 100 overseas sales by 2030
Tens of thousands, high-end vehicle sales over a third, and the importance of overseas markets is highlighted.  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain the company ' s profit forecast 2024-2026, operating income Three Key Financial Forecasts for the Wall
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.