The price of potassium fertilizer has increased its solid performance and continues to melt: the company published a quarterly report in 2025. 25q1 achieved $3.12 billion in revenue, compared to \triangleright
Lithium carbonate: drop in volume prices and decline in performance contribution. 1) Volume: 0.85, 0.81 \triangleright potassium chloride: significant price increases and booster performance increases. 1) Volume: 96.5, 25q1 potassium chloride
\triangleright market supply and demand relations, among other factors, have been influenced by a marked upturn in sales prices, which has contributed to a year-on-year increase in performance; and (2) prices: 25q1 domestic potassium fertilizer sales at about $2750, or approximately +2.4 per cent, or around 11.0 per cent.
Financial and sales costs have dropped significantly, and the cost rate has remained low.
Research assistant South Snow Source Core: Low-cost productive capacity continues to expand and the construction of the world salt lake base accelerates. 1) Active integration produces 10 million tonnes per year of potassium fertilizer, 200,000 tonnes per year of lithium salt, more than 30,000 tonnes per year of magnesium and magnesium-based materials.
1. Salt Lake Shares (000792.sz) 2024 Annual Report Review: Companies will be actively integrated into the strategy. 2) The low-cost lithium carbonate production capacity continues to expand: the company’s current lithium carbonate price falls and actively integrates into the “three-step strategy”
With capacity of 40,000 tons, the total capacity reached 80,000 tons in the year, and the 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate project, which was expanded in 2025. 2. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) will produce 3,000 tons in the third quarter of 2024. In addition, the company has achieved a total investment optimization rate of about 14.58 per cent for the project, which will combat magnesium.
The potassium-halogen lithium problem has always kept the cost of lithium lifting on the left side of the industry. 3) Potassium fertilizer operations have led to an increase in performance: potassium fertilizer is a strategic reserve for national food security, as a national company, potassium chloride, 3. Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) were reported in 2023:
Five million tons, the highest in the country. The fall in prices – combined with the rise in the cost of transport – has led to performance, the rise in the price of potassium fertilizer in the country and the prospect of sustained growth in the production of potassium fertilizer.
Investment proposals: surplus supply and demand in the lithium industry, industry output to clear the bottom of lithium prices, salt lakes, rating: lower lithium prices are delaying performance, q2 lithium salt is produced, the advantages of lithium extraction are highlighted, the company ' s low-cost lithium salt production is expanding rapidly, and potassium fertility is the highest in the country once potassium is fat.
A significant improvement - 2023/09/06 \triangleright - methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and take responsibility for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.