• We highly value the company's core technological strength and country's weight and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
We maintain the company's forecast of net return profits for 2021-2023 at $10.35, 12.86, 1,525 million, and pss maintain a “buy-in” rating to take into account the company's scarcity and leadership in the area of home-grown chips.
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved operating income of $4,498 million, an increase of 12.77 per cent over the same period; and a net return of $352 million, an increase of 40.54 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, q2 achieved income of $2,516 million in the first quarter, an increase in the same amount.
The net cash flow from corporate operations was $122 million, an improvement over the previous year. The company ' s Māori ratio was 21.73 per cent, an increase of 0.54 percentage points over the same year, mainly due to the optimization of its income structure.
Since 2020, the company has published a number of innovative products and continues to win a series of national production projects in important sectors, including the collection of prior operators, tenders from the Ministry of Public Security, and so forth.
Competitiveness. In the first half of 2021, sealight information generated 571 million yuan, representing an increase of 113.2 per cent, and accelerated core technology research and development, working to build the ecology of advanced manufacturing industries. The company built advanced computing products in Beijing, Tianjin, Suzhou, Qingdao, Yutsu, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Chengdu, etc.
In parallel, companies will organize a combination of production and research forces to combat whole-of-plant development based on home-grown chips, a new generation of high-performance computing architectures, key common technologies such as the next generation of the Internet, storage of core technologies such as Io, multi-technology integration and cross-fertilization.
The community combines innovation and builds innovation ecosystems that are demand-driven and have a concentrated effect.