The company, under the strong impetus of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, grew by 12.77 per cent over the same year, and realized a profit of $474 million, or 43.34 per cent over the same period;
A country based on major scientific findings of the “863” programme, with a net profit of $352 million for mothers, an increase of 40.54 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 207 million for the production and manufacture of high-performance computers, general servers and storage
The IT project has steadily landed and the high-end computer industry has developed into fast lanes. The company’s performance has grown mainly in products and provides software development, system integration and technology services around high-end computers. Companies are high-performance calculations in the country.
The first is a stock replacement opportunity for national producers, leading companies in the first half of the year. The “Star Creature Project” developed by Dawn is moving forward and its performance is constantly being released; and the second is a new infrastructure, “information security” for national production.
High-performance computers peaked at 30 billion per second in the high-end computer "top500" of the demand for high-end computers from emerging industries such as servers, cloud computing, etc.
The demand for computer products is increasing. There are clear advantages in the performance and ecology of the company ' s products, limited national competitive manufacturers and products, and the company ' s second-largest performance in the world, based on sustained investment in high-end products, such as computers, and targeting its customers at billions of times.
Cloud computing and cyber security are demanding more investment to keep pace with industry’s growth. To become the world’s third superstitious technology service with more than a billion real performances, and to consolidate the company’s long-term development base.
Two features are the higher demand for processing, reliability and expansion of the product itself: the higher demand for the integrity of the solution and individualized services. The need for solid technology to meet the above requirements, and the accumulation of rich industries. At the end of the product, the high-performance computers of the Nebula were at the 35th Global Conference.
52 weeks of price range ($) Supercomputer “top 500” has achieved the second highest global achievement; at the end of the service, companies provide integrated custom services tailored to different client differential needs, with high client recognition. 2021h1 companies are selected for the Internet.
The weekly edition of New Capital 100 in 2021, with the dawn cloud surrounding the central State agency ' s 2021 cloud computing clothing, lists of suppliers (in thousands) of service agreements for the procurement of goods, which are continuously recognized by the industry, and companies are expected to develop in the future.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: companies have an advantage in product performance, ecology and service capacity, looking at the continued landing of credit start-up projects, information security requirements to upgrade domestic demand for servers, emerging industry development
To raise the development opportunities for companies, such as the need for infrastructure development in the information industry, we expect the company to be the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
China Science and Technology (603019): Taking advantage of the opportunities of the industry, business moves into the fast track, Wang Jianhui calculates, IC netting, medical informatization, industrial software, i big data, smart network cars, visual industries, material networking 5g applications, finance
The research assistant provides an overview of his research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.