The growth hormones are growing, the herpes are injected into the add-up, and the depths of the Long Spring and New (000661.sz) company report continued fermentation of height anxiety and robust growth of the growth hormone market.
Fuhh@cfsc.com.cn is an age when height becomes a job-seeking, kiss-and-kiss knock-block, and the inner environment is more likely to inspire anxiety among patients and parents than it used to be.
The growth hormone market penetration rate is expected to increase further, with a long-term population of 21096.9,21.85 million; according to the Chinese Medical Association in 2014, the incidence of child dwarfism in the country is around 3 per cent, and we expect 2022e, 2023e,
In 1996, fda first approved the restructuring of human growth hormones for treatment of adult growth hormone deficiency patients. The global growth hormone market in 2020 was about $3,864 million.
The market for growth hormones in the United States is about $1.3 billion, and the market for growth hormones in the United States is made up of adult growth hormone deficiency, child shortness, and the market share is about 1:1, and the adult market is about $450 million.
In 2022e, 2023e, 2024e, our ideal city of long-acting adult growth hormones, the dose of herpes with herpes vaccine will be increased. The virus will become intense when the 1/3 of children infected with pox is cured.
The incidence of herpes is positively correlated with age growth, and as society moves into an ageing society, the incidence is likely to increase even further.
During the vaccination period, the probability of induced herpes in old age is high. Currently, all domestic herpes are produced by foreign companies, 100 grams of biological research and development in the country are in the lead, and we expect that 100 grams of biological herpes will eventually be priced low.
At $1,000, the price is about 75.77% lower than the price of gsk, and the price advantage will accelerate the company’s share of the market. We expect a 100-gram market for biological herpe vaccine to reach $1.640 billion.
The development of vaccines has fallen short of expectations, the epidemiological factors have caused new infections to fall short of expectations, vaccine shipments, sales have been obstructed, risk collection, drug safety risks, negative media reports, 1, transition biopharmaceuticals, and development.
Biomedicine, supported by real estate, has led to the emergence of a four-way development pattern into the new technology industry (group) of Changchun, a limited company founded in 1993 under the sole initiative of the General Corporation for the Development of New Technologies. In 1996, the stock of the company was listed on the Shenzhen Exchange, the first listed company in the northeast.