The first Mango supermedia (300413) copyright trading platform for scripts and the proposed online digital collection platform event: Mango tv ' s initial copyright trading platform, based on Mango tv official platform; Mango tv ' s own creation
Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre block chain deployed and ready for online digital collection platform. Mangotv's first copyright trading platform, reducing copyright transaction costs. Mangotv's first play, copyright.
In the first place, the platform has the only certificate of copyright transactions that can effectively prevent piracy: it supports long-range measurements, provides online, ready-to-line, live, visual, and other services.
Dm easily managed functions, etc.; dramatists guaranteed the interests of shopkeepers and distributors by providing time-bound zero-cost clearances, zero fees, residence, etc.; dramatists worked with a number of high-quality ips, including Big Detectives, Secret Room Breakout, and Longevity Strikes.
Reducing transaction costs, promoting a reasonable pricing of script copyright, and a fair distribution of revenues. The company, as a leading copyright contentr, is expected to collaborate with the platform for rich copyrights in the future, creating a digital collection platform for Mangotv, with stronger synergies with existing operations.
In Mangotv, by the end of 2021, there were more than 50.4 million active members of Mangotv and over 65% of users under 24 years of age.
The segment will provide a natural flow pool for the digital collection business; while the digital collection platform can expand the impact of the Mangotv brand, deep-wire existing users, and enhance commercialization capabilities. On the part of the mini-man power provider, the digital collection platform will not only embed Mangotv in the mini-manufacturer, but also buy the first-distributed digital collection.
Users will be given a special interest, or will have some connection with other functions in the future. The negative impact of product lines, steady macroeconomic growth on advertising will gradually fade, the mini-magnets are on the right track, and I, 1. Mango supermoderator (300413), Big Detective 7.
They maintain a rating of the mango super-bought investment, and they are the top performers of the show (2022-02-24).
2. Mango excess media (300413): user size meets expectations and derivatives such as Xiao Man are steadily developing (2022-01-21)
3. Mango Super-Mongo (300413): You're on Saturdays, and you're on Saturdays. 2022-01-17. 4. Mango Super-Mongo (300413): You're on Saturday.
5. Mango Super-Mechanism (300413): New rules are in place, long-sighted copyright protections are expected to benefit.
6. Mango supermedia (2021-12-16) (300413): "ip+operation" goes hand in hand and virtual layout can be deepened (2021-12)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.