Mango Media (300413): In 2021, more than 50 million effective members evolved into quality content in 2022 (for the first time)
▪ In the fourth quarter of 2021, the mix and the mini-man-to-man factor of the company's business restructuring resulted in short-term performance pressure of over 30 per cent without change over the long term, and Mangotv's effective membership reached 50.4 million (up from year to year).
In the fourth quarter of 2021, the company also took a look at the third quarter of 2019, as a result of the re-entry of the new business and the re-entry of the subsidiary.
Because of the short-term pressure on profits from ecclesiastical broadcasting, the company actively optimizes content and continues to innovate to facilitate the acquisition of business and social values for the ecclesiastical arts of June 2020.
A short-term structural adjustment in 2021 brought down business indicators on a year-on-year basis, but in the medium term the optimization of internal operations is also in preparation for the next new development.
Inputs bring growth potential to the new development of the successor company in the new track (1.26 million people on the small mackerel, with vertical content dealers specializing in mango content genetic aids, and the new business is expected to contribute to the company ' s second growth curve).
2021 External Policy Disturbing Internal Optimization of 2022 and Content Equity) Acquisition of 100% of the stock of five companies, including Happy Sunshine, Listed Companies, Construction of Whole Media Industrial Chains and Mango Media Ecology; Distribution Unit, 21 June 2018
589 million shares of happy sunshine (9.5 million yuan), mango fun (508 million) and the year 20201 benefited from such popular art as "The Sister of the Wind" and "The Bro of the Wind" and "The Lover of the Good Home" and "The Wolf of the Hunts."
In 2022, we saw a positive increase in advertising and member income, along with a targeted increase in funding.
Mangotv has an extremely promising time for genetic re-engineering by content builders.
The Internet's powerful genes, mangotv's commitment to building quality content at its core, just as the netflix points out that its business model is not simply a buyer of content, but a builder, mangotv's builder of a series of quality content, external.
Policy and input-output fluctuations do not change the direction of their innovations in quality content. In 2022, at the end of the art series, the third season of the philanthropy, the wife series, the second love series, the daughter's love series, and the creative music competition.
The new 2022 will also be launched by the show "Sonic Lives" and the country's first multi-channel series, "Inference begins" and "Sport+Multi" will continue to focus on "The Warm Reality, the New Master" in monsoon theatre in 2022.
The melody, the urban topic, the ancient legends, the mystery, the five major categories, the layout, the production, the continuity of the monsoon quality, the hand-on content and the state-dip content electrician, 2022, from the show to the gaming arts.
A rich and promising development in 2022, with a “recommended” investment rating based on a steady growth in the dominant industry, new business flexibility and changing industry patterns. New business explores less than expected risks, film and video productions fail to examine risks, artists
The potential risks posed by its own factors, the risks of inefficient use of funds, the challenges of the new consumer group in the media, and the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, experience in business, November 2021, joining the China Bond Securities Study.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.