On February 27, 2022, Mango super-media released its 21-year performance report, which shows that Mango super-movement.
In 2021, 15,353 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 9.62 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 2,114 million yuan, maintaining a rapid increase in the number of members in the same year, with 31.75 per cent of advertising revenues affected by the schedule increasing at a rate of 31.7 per cent compared to the previous year. The number of active members at the end of the year amounted to 50.4 million, an increase of 39.5 per cent compared with the previous year.
"1h21: Focus on q3 brothers, other communes versus members, 1.3% drop. We believe that the popular art, mainly due to scheduling, is " Big Detective 7 " , " Description " , 2021.8.19.
22q1 went on line, resulting in fewer q4 hot spots. q1 hot-screened " Restaurants " performed better, focusing on the concentration of q2-q3 on line. According to bone data, " Restaurants " came on line on February 22, and as of February 27, it was ranked full-web video.
Second, according to the pre-scheduled period, it is expected that the following popular arts will be concentrated on q2-q3 and will be expected to contribute to the growth of membership.
From 2 January, a member price increase was introduced, which is expected to boost the member’s income on a continuous basis. From 21 years, a price increase has been made on video platforms such as Xinse and Aichi. According to the company announcement, a price increase was implemented on 2 January, with 6.9 per cent per month per month per month per month per month per month per month per month, 6 per cent per year per year per year per month per month per month, and we have increased the price of the ios end by 6 per cent per year per year.
The industry’s upward trend and members’ increases are seen as contributing to the sustained recovery of company members’ incomes. The 22-year q2-q3 popular philosophies and members’ increases are expected to boost advertising, and members’ incomes are warming, but Yang Xiaofeng
Mt. Woof Fung, performances of the film and the arts are not as expected; advertising is not as popular as expected; membership is not growing as expected; industry score, and then averages the final score as average investment in the market.