Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) - three-quarter over-expected performance focused on marginal changes in credit spreads
Events: The company published three-quarter reports in 2024, with a net profit of $16,663 million in the third quarter, an increase of 31.81 per cent over the same period, and improved water from the same year to the same year, with a slight decrease in the average price of electricity, but the structure of electricity generation has led to an increase in the average price. In the first half of the year, the company achieved 12,618 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of 16.86 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and 11,196 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation in the third quarter.
Liu Xiaoning has increased by 15.05 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with a slight decline in total electricity generation in the last three quarters. However, structurally, in the first three months of the year, the company generated 25.36 per cent, 16.98 per cent,
21.58 per cent, 10.91 per cent, 18.35 per cent and 3.43 per cent of the three gorge power stations with the highest power levels but relatively low electricity prices increased significantly above the corporate level, causing a certain drag on overall electricity prices.
A combination of factors has led to a 12-38% increase in corporate revenue in the first half of the year, while three-quarters single finance costs and investment returns contributed slightly more than expected. After the completion of the asset injection, financial costs have fallen to $1 billion, an increase of $210 million over the same period the previous year, largely in line with the company’s equity participation performance.
For a long time, some investors have treated the company as a debt-like asset and matched its dividends with the rate of return on public debt over a 10-year period. But, in terms of actual stock price performance, the credit spread (i.e., the difference in the rate of return on debt on a 10-year period of aa-class enterprises compared to the rate of return on public debt over a 10-year period of a 10-year period) is against the company’s shares.
Price performance is explained more strongly. We divide the equity discount rate into three parts, one for risk-free returns, the other for credit debts, the other for less risky returns, and the other for equity discounts, the other for credit debts. Hydropower is a typical “low-collaborative” asset with a very low profile relative to macroeconomics, so that the equity discount rate is more than the other for credit debts.
Low and relatively stable. But, compared to national debt, hydropower can be regarded as a non-resolved, over-permanent credit debt, with its attributes, which we have analysed mainly because of the spread of credit spreads. In the first half of the year, credit spreads were largely due to the scarcity of stable yield-type assets, while recent expansions or two factors, one of which was expected by fiscal stimulus policies, led to a letter.
Debt supply is likely to increase, and the second is the increase in the opportunity cost of bonds due to the warming of equity markets. In the long run, we analyse that, with counter-globalization and the ageing of the population, the decline in long-term liquidity remains the biggest opportunity for companies, with companies with long-term configuration value, but in the short run better buyouts will have to wait for credit spreads to stabilize.
Profit forecasting and valuation: In conjunction with the company ' s three-quarterly reporting data, we expect that the company ' s net return profits for 2024-2026 will be its own personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers, respectively. I have worked diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and that no part of the person ' s remuneration has been, is not, or will be, directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.