In the last three quarters of the year, the company collected 66,331 million yuan.
In the previous three quarters, the Utund reservoirs had a total of about 88,852 million cubic metres, or 12.56 per cent more than the previous three quarters; the three gorge reservoirs had a total of about 313.110 billion kWh, or 23,58.14 million kWh, an increase of 15.97 per cent.
The generation of electricity at the Hewlwood/Dam/Three Gorges/Geco Dams, 311.76/464.64/490.004/266.63/6853.1339.89 million kWh, respectively, increased by the same year, resulting in a significant increase in the net profit of the parent.
Division revenues increased by 14.65 per cent over the same period, and operating costs, mainly for depreciation, increased by only 5.66 per cent over the same period. The combined effects, for example, of the combined recovery and cost, resulted in a significant return net profit compared to the previous three quarters.
Industry, seeking strategic M&As and equity investment opportunities around the Yangtze basin, building stronger equity ties with the basin ' s hydropower backbone; and exploring investment layout models for “equity cooperation + resource access + business continuity”, with equity investments and resource access around quality regional energy platforms
Cooperation: Third, active participation in major projects in the new energy sector, close follow-up of photovoltaic, wind, cutting-edge technological paths, proactive services for science, technology and innovation, prudent investment around the industrial chain and downstream, and steady progress in international operations. The company currently invests in the region of Peru mainly by Luddes.
Launching of the platform. The overseas transport project advanced in an orderly fashion. In 2023, the company achieved its first foreign-controlled new source of energy, the Peruvian arrrow photovoltaic project, and in April 2024, the company completed the Peruvian blue sapphire wind project, which promoted the company's distribution, distribution and sale of industrial chains in the Peruvian region.
The “market index” for this rating system is a “market index” for a share of 300 indices of depth; and the three new three-board frame of reference is a three-point index.
Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risks”, “stable” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, “positive” investors only to use a risk level not higher than “medium and high risks”, “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and are aware of it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.