Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: company announcement of major operating data for the first quarter of 2019, initial accounting revenue collection, slightly higher than expected revenue for the first and first quarters, higher profits than anticipated, and high expectations of innovation in advance receipts
Before the company announces its business data for the first quarter, we estimate that: 19.5% increase in revenue, 26% increase in profits, and a substantial increase in advance receipts of over 6 billion and high innovation are expected. Combined with the results of the company’s current preliminary accounting, and the first quarter of Maotai’s operations (collected)
By the same 21 per cent increase; by the same 31 per cent increase in profits, the revenue of listed companies in the first quarter may have been small.
The growth in earnings and profits is driven by a combination of further price increases, structural upgrades and channel adjustments for non-target products.
On the basis of these findings and logic, we expect profits to grow in 2019 in Koutai, Guizhou, more than the city would expect, and there is much optimism about redefining space and wind. So, in calculating the quarterly report, we measure profit growth and net interest rate increases.
It's also very optimistic. But from the published data, the real situation is probably better than we thought.
At the same time, at the end of last year, there was a concentration of the best products (50 boxes per household if the number of dealers at the end of the year was 2,987).
There's one possibility: a single-season slowdown that doesn't hide yoga, and a reasonable increase in the future.
It is part of the company’s income and profits in the last four quarters of the year, but the exact amount of Long – 2018/10/29 is not known and is not considered here.
To this end, we have completed a minor review of the operations of the main newspaper for the first quarter, which has been updated as follows: 1) Powder sales increased by 4.7 per cent per ton to 2.3 million per ton: pre-spring sales increased by about 9 per cent, delivery was better than in the same period in 2018; delivery in February was about the same time.
300 tons; delivery in March was slightly lower than expected, especially in the direct camp and direct sales sectors. Overall, the volume of shipments increased by around 375 tons per quarter on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a single-digit increase. First quarter of 2018, owing to a small proportion of sales of non-target products and price increases for non-target products
It's a step-by-step process, so the overall price of the puppies is only about 1.98 million tons. The product was better structured in the first quarter of this year, and we've judged that some of the non-target products may still be raising prices further, and the channels have also led to an increase in the output price of the corresponding products. Overall, the price of the puppies in the first quarter was raised.
Ton prices are likely to be around 2.3 million tons per ton, an increase of nearly 16 per cent over the same year. (2) The sale of alcohol in the series fell by 5 per cent and the price in the series rose by about 17 per cent: the price of alcohol in the series in 2018 was higher than expected.
Increased product structure. To this end, we've judged that sales in the first half of the year have been flat or slightly reduced. As more resources are placed on sub-high end products such as Hansel, the product structure is expected to improve, and the delivery rate in March is lower than expected, and the distributors have largely completed the six-month plan at the end of the quarter.
I, II, 2019 performance judgements: a slight change in the growth logic, a more optimistic profit, a slight change in the 2019 income, a slight change in the profit growth logic: a higher than expected sale of the bottle in 2018.
But tonnage prices are not as high as expected, so if the performance base is to continue to grow by more than 14 per cent, there is a need to speed up product structural upgrading and channel adjustment, both of which eventually reflect the increase in tonnage.
In our latest splitting of prices, the contribution of tonnage to income and profit growth has increased markedly. To judge the volume of market sales and the cost of the series of wines as flat as ever, annual profits can be seen as more optimistic and likely to outpace the expectations of the market again.
In 2018, the base was higher with the pre-positioning and overperformance. The target for 2019 was largely based on product structural upgrades and channel adjustments. At the same time, non-target products had the potential for further price increases.
The year 2019 was a crucial year for the Maoists to hit hundreds of billions, with listed companies contributing a very high proportion of their income and profits. The established target of 14% revenue growth for listed companies is likely to be realized, and company management has shown full confidence.
We also believe that it is not very difficult to achieve. Unlike the market, our net profit in 2019 will benefit from an increase in tonnage, and it will be more flexible.
Considering that foreign capital has taken over the price of the hut, it will not be easily reduced and may continue to be bought, and that the kiosks will continue to grow at a certain rate over the next few years, from the current 320,000 tons of alcohol, and the net profit rate will rise accordingly.
A 25-fold valuation hub is reasonable. In 2019, we were 23-fold pe, and given the reasonableness and continuity of the price, we were 1030 dollars, 29-fold pe in 2019.
Taking into account that in 2017 and 2018 the high value of the flat stock was 35 and 30 times more than the annual performance of pe, respectively, the pricing of 25 or 29 times the price of ppe in 2020 is relatively reasonable in the context of the current buy-in of blue equity and internal and external funds.
It is a level that will be maintained for quite a long time. Unless companies continue to increase their prices and supply substantially, leading to a re-accelerated growth of profits, the company’s valuation will continue to rise and become a valuation and market-market ceiling for the next two years.
The space price of $1030 is only 19%, which may also be the next year’s year’s or year’s increase, which is lower in high-scoring companies for food and beverages. We should take a rational and objective look at the hut, whether it is the price of alcohol or the price of stock.
Many things are easily magnified by the fact that Mao Dai has become a signpost and a focus of social attention. This has also created a risk, the greatest uncertainty in future market prices, the change in moods and financial preferences, and the fall from 25 to about 20 times the value center of Mao Dai's valuation.
So the pressure on the stock price is relatively high, and the biggest profit in the future, and they sell it on the assumption that there's a problem with the poo sales, the profits from the profits.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.