Subtai incident in Guizhou: company announcement that initial accounting for total operating income achieved in the first quarter of 2019 was about 20 per cent higher than in the previous year: net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by about 30 per cent.
On April 6, the company’s network of officials reported that it had achieved 25.7 billion yuan, or +21 per cent, of sales revenue and 26 per cent of the annual plan; achieved a net profit of 11 billion yuan, or + 31 per cent, or 24 per cent of the annual plan.
The reason for this is that the spring festival is well marketed and the raw wine is being released. According to the terminal feedback, the 7,500 tons (7,000 tons in 18 years) planned for this spring did not meet market demand.
Soy sauce has grown by 26% in the same year, with sales revenue exceeding $2 billion in the first quarter. The fast growth of the wine series has also been a strong boost to corporate business.
Breaking through 2000 dollars/bottles, the price-coated lift is good for the industry, but it still needs to be protected.
In recent years, the company has continued to clean up its losses and profitless “zombie” business. On the basis of 2018, the company offered to retain five brands and 50 bar-code branding strategies, reducing the number of products by half in 18 years.
This year, the series of wines and non-barometers will be expected to raise the absolute price of some space, plus 1901.
The macroeconomic environment is probably better than market pessimistic expectations, and the bottom signs are clear, and there is a certain amount of recovery from around 100 distributors a year, some of which will be used to lower the non-stamped pedals to boost the product structure, and some of which will be used to expand the share of the direct circuits.
The success of the reform of the channel is related to the ability of Mao Tai to raise his own profitability and control over the price, and to the success of the reform strategy, which will closely monitor the impact of the landing.
Question: Scarce helpers and structural improvements, with a price of $1052 on the roof, maintaining the company’s “very recommended” investment rating. 2 , Kotau, Guizhou (600519), 18 having landed steadily.
3: "Kotai, Guizhou (600519). Save your strength, everything, and the price premium for the firm-led industry."
The Master's degree in Finance from the University of Durant, United Kingdom, and the undergraduate degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics.
The research assistant gives an overview of U Wender's own research views.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.