(a) High-performance performance in the first quarter and rapid performance driven by the reform of channels: company reports in the first quarter of 2019, yielding business income of $22.480 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother was 11.22 billion yuan, a 31.9 per cent increase in the same year, and the quarter of , which was higher than expected, continued the high growth trend. The 2019q1 company achieved 22.480 billion yuan in revenue, a 23.7 per cent increase in income, which was driven by a strong growth in performance that was largely driven by higher prices.
On the other hand, because of the good sales during the Spring Festival, the demand for non-suppliers, such as pig year-round wine, has increased. Demand in the market has remained high for the first quarter, and the price has remained high at $1,900 left and right. The price ratio of non-suppliers, such as raw wine and fine products, has risen.
On the other hand, the liquor series has been growing rapidly, and 2019q1 is on track and will be a new growth point in the company’s business in the future. Moreover, according to the feedback from the research, as some distributors have implemented the 1902 mortgage plan ahead of schedule, some advance confirmations have been received.
125620/125620 is also an important influence on the high performance expectations of the quarter. The Māori rate has continued to rise and the cost rate has improved significantly. 1901 companies have achieved a net return profit of $11.22 billion.
The main reasons for the 31.9 per cent increase in profits over income growth are the relative stability of the Maori rate during the first quarter, with a slight increase of 0.8 per cent to 92.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to product price increases and product structure optimization (higher proportion of non-touched-out shipments).
19q1 company sales costs decreased by $80 million compared to 18q1 and sales costs decreased by 1.4 to 4.0 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the growing maturity of the series of liquor and the continuous decline in the required inputs. In addition, taxes and surcharges fell by 3.0 to 10.7 per cent over the same period, mainly at the rate of consumption tax payments and value added tax payments.

Channel reform has helped to optimize marketing channels, clean up micro-profits or losers to guarantee prices, and increase the direct-camp ratio, which has helped to raise the price of tons of alcohol.
After the cutting down of some 437 flying wine dealers, the company took back 39 more copies in a quarter, the annual report point for the year 2018 in Kotau, Guizhou (600519), which was higher than the factory price of $969; the other part was used to deliver non-target products to improve the structure of the product.
Assessment: Scarce helper price increases and structural optimization, with a ton held, mainly in the ordinary skyscrapers; the remaining 14,000 tons for the ordinary skyscrapers and non-square huts, respectively, with a further high rate of increase 2019-03-29.
The spring of 2019 was slightly higher than last year, and the actual year-round was 2 or " Kotau, Guizhou (600519) " :18 landed safely or will exceed planned levels, and the non-suppliers are also popular, and the non-suppliers are available for release.
The upgrading of the product structure and marketing structure together enhances the profitability of the company and contributes to rapid growth in performance,3 and " Kuo Dai (600519) " : spares no effort, a strategy for the reform of the entire province and a strategy for the upgrading of the product structure, with close attention to the impact of decision-making on the reform of the channels.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the state.
East Hing's Stock Exchange Review.
Research on materials, retail trade, social services, light paper, agro-forestry fisheries, textile clothing.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.