q1 outperforms expectations, q2 direct-camp channels are on track.
25 April 2019 The company issued a report for the first quarter of 2019, which achieved gross operating income/business income of $22,481.21 million for the reporting period, or +22.21 per cent/+23.92 per cent for the same period, and net return to the mother of $11,121 million, or +31.91 per cent for the same period.
19q1 puppies were identified as higher than actual deliveries, and the direct distribution channel failed to release the alcohol, which generated 2,132 million yuan, or 26.29 per cent of the total. By channel, wholesale channel revenues increased by 27.87 per cent;
Further optimization of the marketing network layout and upgrading of the distributors as a whole has also been partly a drag: the unit has increased its income by comparison with the trend of 300 depths; 39 of them are matai wine dealers and are expected to finish cleaning up the mahogany distributors.
About 20 per cent of the year-on-year forecast, about 1,500 tons higher than the actual delivery of 19q1, with an improvement in real gross sales driving up net interest rates, confirming a decrease in the advance rate of advance payments 92.11 per cent, and a smaller margin of 0.88 ppt, which is generally stable, mainly direct to the same calibre.
The increase in the price of ton alcohol, which is expected to be driven by structural upgrading, is the main factor contributing to the decrease in the advance rate of the advance bill. The cash received for sales and services is further refined in the distribution system, and direct distribution channels are expected to be completed in o2.
The company had previously announced that it would not increase its total distribution, franchise, contract distributors for some time to come, and would increase its share of direct sales through self-employment, on-line construction, enhanced cooperation with super, well-known electric power providers. The Department had recently opened up direct supplier oversupply through a tender, and it was expected that direct stock would be increased as well.
So we're judging that the company's direct distribution channel collating is likely to be done within q2, with a direct sales channel of q2/q3 reporting industry depth: high volumes are expected to be the biggest boost to the growth of real shipments from the hut.
Quality real estate wines, with a focus on sub-high name wines and three, profit predictions and investment proposals.
2. Annual strategy 2019 for food beverages for human consumption: closing down the economic downturn, delaying demand, releasing less than expected performance, food safety issues, etc.
Jujie, Bachelor of Economics and Master of Arts, Beijing University. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.