Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
I. Increasing the amount of the pow-barrelled to meet some of the existing needs, but the long-term supply and demand will continue, according to management ' s statement that the amount of the pow-barrel delivered in mid-to-late June will reach 2,000 tons, or more than 100 tons per day.
About 87 tonnes are planned: about 30,000 tonnes per day in 2019, based on management’s latest caliber. The sudden release of light seasons, on the one hand, is related to the slower pace of pre-shipment, and also to ease the current high end price of “one bottle” on the market.
The amount of 2,000 tons, on average, goes to the distributors, straight-doors and specialized stores, each selling, and the total equity/flow (million shares) unit is less than half a ton, corresponding to 177 boxes, which is only enough to cover some of the existing demand.
The total market value/flow (millions of dollars) is judged to be in short supply over the long term, and the high consumer-to-price situation will continue. Second, the real delivery of Mautai wine increased in the first half of the year, but was less than previously expected in the market.
In accordance with the actual delivery of 1.4w tons of puppies in the first half of the year, it was achieved in the same period as last year.
-2019/05/09 digit growth, but relative to the income recognized in the statement for the first half of last year, there was a slight sale of the pottery.
In line with management’s “half-time, half-task” sales pace revealed at the annual stockholders’ meeting, the market had previously been more optimistic, with 1.4w tons being slightly lower than expected. We would have judged that the more than 6,000 tons of the quota recovered from the penalty dealers had not been recovered.
Guo Dai (600519) " Guozhou Mautai: A Quarterly Report " , as a result of a slowdown in sales as a result of regular placement. 3- and 2-quarterly average tonnage prices are expected to rise again, with changes in product structure and non-price increases being the main reason
Whether the term “mission half” is used at the annual shareholders’ meeting means half of the income in 2018, or half of the income guideline in 2019 (a 14% increase), it is possible to extrapolate the average tonnage for a single two-quarter period to a higher level than for a single quarter.
This, in our judgement, is related to the short-term changes in the product structure in the process of marketing reform, and the fact that some non-target products did not have a single price increase last year, and further price increases this year. You state Maotai has a brief assessment: the average tonnage price rose significantly in mid-June.
At present, corporate statement revenues for the second quarter alone are expected to continue to grow faster, with product structure and average tonnage rising, profitability increasing, and net profit elasticity better. And then again, income and profit growth are expected to be better in the third quarter because of the low pre-statement base.
Throughout the year, until the Group Marketing Company marketing program is finally in place, we continue to maintain the year-round judgement of “average price increases and high profit growth” and continue to look at the medium- and long-term development of the company. Taking into account the company’s business plans and growth logic, we predict the company’s 2019-2021.
Given the reasonableness and continuity of the pricing, we're going to make the biggest profit in the future at a reasonable valuation level in 2020, and they're going to sell on the assumption that there's a problem with Mao Tai sales, revenue profits.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.