Food and beverages in Guizhou (600519) show a high growth in performance and a drop in advance receipts, notably the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: the company released its first quarterly report in 19 and achieved income of $21.6 billion, compared with 24 per cent, and net profit of $11.2 billion, compared with 32 per cent. • Income continued to grow at a high rate, with a marked fall in advance receipts. Performance continued to grow at a high rate in the first quarter, slightly exceeding that of the previous quarter.
Ex-performance report, 19.5 billion yuan, or + 24 per cent of the year ' s revenue, confirmed in the statement as around 9,700 tons, slightly overchanneled research data: 2.1 billion yuan, or +26 per cent of the year ' s revenue; it is worth noting that the ratio of 1 battalion to 5 per cent per quarter has declined, which is related to the fact that the volume of shipments has not increased in the quarter; and 2 to 1 quarter.
The number of dealers continues to be reduced, with an overall reduction in the number of 533 dealers, of which the reduction in the number of vendors will result in a significant fall in advance payments; the company has changed its pattern of payments in March from the previous monthly to quarterly; and the Māori rate continues to move up, with a marked decrease in cost and a significant increase in profitability. The Māori rate will increase in one quarter.
Nearly 1 percentage point to 92.1 per cent, mainly a marked increase in the share of non-square alcohol since the fourth quarter of 18 years; a 3 percentage point decline in taxes and surcharges and a 1.5 percentage point decrease in the three rates, notably a decrease in the cost of sales; and a near 3 to 55 per cent increase in net interest rates and a significant increase in profitability.
The price of the batch remains high, the terminal is still short of stock, and a pattern of increasing the direct-camp ratio has been initiated. Currently, the price of the fly-day batch is around $1900, the terminal price exceeds $2,000, the terminal is clearly short, and the purchase of the direct shop and chain is still positive. Meanwhile, on 19 April, the Guizhou tender platform released two tenders: 1,
For the national super-system, three service providers were recruited, totalling 400 tons, and two, three service providers in Guizhou, totalling 200 tons. Overall, performance continued to grow at a very high rate, although advance payments were not ideal.
The slowdown was mainly due to short-term internal and market-distributors restructuring, which affected market rhythms; the gradual increase in the direct-camp ratio, which will be reflected in the second quarter, and the marginal contribution of performance, which will become apparent over time; and the maintenance of high prices, with a strong supply-side bias and a year-round performance.
Kotau, Guizhou (600519), 18q4 regained a high rate of increase, 4. Kotao, 600519: the same amount of wine as the series, and the supply and demand of the batch remained tight (2018-08-02)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.