The company issued an announcement that its gross operating income for the first quarter of 2019 had increased by about 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the first quarter of 2019, total operating income is expected to be about 22.7 billion yuan, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies are expected to be around 11.6 billion yuan. At the same time, the Maotai Group discloses its operations in the first quarter.
billion yuan, or 21 per cent more than the same year, and 26 per cent more than the annual plan; profits of 11 billion yuan, or 31 per cent more than the same year, or 24 per cent more than the annual plan; taxes of 11.4 billion yuan, or 19 per cent more than the same year, or 27 per cent more than the annual plan; gross labour product of 24.7 billion yuan, or 25 per cent more than the same year; performance of other subsidiaries under the banner, with 26 per cent more than the same income of the soybean company and drinking.
The company’s higher performance in the first quarter is expected to be due mainly to: (i) an increase in direct investment and an increase in the share. In 2018, there were 437 fewer vendors.
Shops, dealers and general distributors will focus on expanding direct distribution channels. (2) Increase in the volume of non-barrel sales. (3) The series of wines will continue to grow rapidly.
Ten thousand tons, an increase of 15.98 per cent over the same year; 2.05 million tons of alcohol in the series, a decrease of 1.98 per cent over the same year; and 236.5 million tons of stocks, an increase of 0.22 per cent over the same year.
The rating system for securities investment: The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.