High demand, high performance, and expected to continue for the next two years.
Main business data points for the first quarter of Maotai, Guizhou. 1q19 gross operating income increased by about 20% and net profit by about 30%, clearly exceeding market expectations. (1) Terminal demand is strong.
The same-year growth in the distribution of Mautai is likely to be over 10%. According to our grass-roots research, a batch of more than 1,800, the latest amount of which has reached $1900. (2) In 2018, the number of Mautai liquor dealers was reduced by 437 and internal correction continued in 2019, and the traditional distributors were further reduced because
This direct sale and non-specify ratio can increase significantly, leading to an increase in average prices. (3) By the end of 18 years, the month distributors have paid for two quarters of the goods, so we judge that the company may confirm a portion of the collection in the reservoir, thus keeping the advance in the late 1q19 statement at a reasonable level (4).
According to Mao Dai official Weibo news, the sauce series has been growing faster in the first quarter, rising by 26 per cent in the same year, with a single-season sales revenue of over $2 billion. (5) Net gains have been higher than revenues, with the average price of liquor sold at the same time as the price of wine in the series is likely to slow down.
In the context of internal remediation, profit flows from channels continue to flow, while corporate performance is more dynamic and performance from 19-20 is expected to continue to outpace expectations. Both vertically and horizontally, the current performance is high.
We believe that the management of Mao Dai will help the pipeline to recover its profits. On December 28th, 18th, the Chairman of the Board of Directors modulated the principle of “quickness, no room, no exit”, and in March 19 the Chairman of the Board.
Speaking at the Bo Forum, he hoped that by the end of the year, the actual results would be better than planned, and that it would also show a stronger incentive for corporate performance. With a strong growth dynamic, profit from channels would continue to flow and performance would exist in the context of internal restructuring.
The possibility of continuing to exceed expectations by maintaining a buy-in rating.
Food beverages: beverage making, souping.