As expected, the direct landing is intended to be far-reaching, 11.1221 billion yuan (+31.91 per cent) for the mother and $11.302 billion (+32.79 per cent) for the non-net profit.
The company’s total operating income of 19q1 was $22,481 million, an increase of 22.21 per cent over the previous year, including $19.5 billion, or 90 per cent, from Maotai and $2.1 billion from the series.
As the q1 direct camp channel has not been adjusted, and visits to multiple camps have been in short supply, the volume of shipments by Pufir q1 has decreased by the same amount, estimated at about 1,000 tons, and has decreased by one quarter. q1 increased supply and demand gaps have resulted in high bulk prices and the rest of the spring season has not fallen.
I've seen an increase in the volume of investments, and higher prices for high-priced products drive up the average price and the Māori rate. I've seen an increase in the number of escorts in the field. Previously, the Congress of Dealers had made it clear that this year it would be no less than the 310,000 tons of investment plan, of which the distributors were planning to increase by no less than 17,000 tons, with the remainder expected to be in addition to the original export plan.
Emphasis has been placed on expanding direct distribution channels and promoting flat marketing, including programmes such as expanding provincial self-employment quotas and working with large-scale and well-known electric power providers. The number of 19q1 distributors has been reduced by 533, of which the smell of sauce is becoming more and more intense. In late April, we tracked the movement of direct lines: 1) commercial superchannels.
1 4 q4 q4 q4 = the first merchant of Quao Quetai wine, the announcement of a market call for tenders in China for a public service platform and for high innovation and change of channels for growth
The competitive bidding public service platform of Guizhou was launched simultaneously, with the first batch of national merchants oversupplying 400 tons, the state oversupply 200 tons, and the firm commissioned by the firm.
2) Self-employed companies open their own shops. In the near future, they also publish their own company sales rights. The rate of growth has slowed and there are long-term supply and demand constraints. The 31 self-employed stores in the country sell one item every day, and the self-employed companies open their own boxes; and the sales of 1-10 items.
If you sell 10-20 items, you must approve them.
The rest of the bottle is converted to the same amount.
It is also expected that the direct battalion will gradually be released in q2, but the accumulated demand gap in the market is still large, and that the direct circuit will establish well-developed customer management mechanisms to control speculation, which is intended to be far-reaching.
In the second half of the year, a group of distributors was liquidated, and in 2019, more than one direct channel was released gradually. In 2019, the channel structure of the company was significantly optimized over the previous cycle, and in 2019, the distribution of distributors dropped to about 55 per cent of the expected sales, with a direct-camp ratio of 20 pct
In the short term, straight camping means a significant increase in the performance of profit recovery companies. We believe that the long term is far more far-reaching, including, inter alia, reducing price volatility.
Sales. The traditional distribution of “producer-distributors-retailers-consumers” is very easy to sell, but it also leads to price increases at various levels that are difficult to control. Direct channel prices are easy to regulate, and they become important players in wholesale regulation.
The customer management will be incorporated into the annual priority appraisal project of the self-employed companies. In addition, the respective companies will be required to sell in strict compliance with their terms of reference and not in compliance with their terms of reference.
A series of measures help to build core consumer networks, and then consolidate brand thickness. Therefore, direct-line construction and landings demonstrate years of thoughtful and multi-faceted management efforts to balance stocks and increases, better governance structures, and greater control over prices and consumers.
To be more certain of performance and to be eligible for valuation premium, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities