Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
i. Super-predicted income profits, pre-receipts for the consumption of Maotai alcohol, sustained high growth in the first quarter, 22.21 per cent and 31.91 per cent, respectively, exceeding the performance forecast guidelines, while operating under the influence of reduced taxes and fees, employee remuneration and interest income, etc.
Net net cash flows of $1,189 million, a marked decline in the same year. Overall, the quality of the statements is only about as high as expected, except for the apparent higher rate of revenue and profit growth.
To take account of the advance payments made at the end of the quarter and the changes in the advance payments, it is estimated that the advance payments made before the first part of the year will be absorbed in the quarterly report.
It also confirmed that some advance payments at the end of the quarter, totalling about 3.3 billion yuan in two parts, correspond to the annual assessment of the Kotai newspaper in Guizhou (600519). Real deliveries plus pre-receipt reconciliations total about 8470 tons.
The higher prices are higher than expected, the higher product structure and the higher prices of tons of alcohol are more than expected, contributing most of the revenue and profit gains.
A slightly higher-than-expected growth in the wine series, particularly in the company's optimal marketing network layout, cleaning and elimination, higher-than-expected growth, and guaranteed future growth. 494 wine dealers in the sauce series also achieved faster growth.
–2019/01/02 II. Advance receipts are less than anticipated but can be explained and accepted, without prejudice to the main logic and mission achievement, based on the easing of the fund-raising policy at the end of March, and the high motivation of the distributors, which we had received earlier
The reason for the fall in the advance of the quarterly report is that: 1) in the last year, the quantity of the plan was confiscated and recovered and the amount of the plan was reduced accordingly, and the total amount of the loan under the distribution contract was reduced; 2) in the end of March, the amount of the plan for June was released.
In early April, however, some of the actual payments took place; (3) the collection of the best items at the end of last year may have been partially accounted for in advance, resulting in the digestion of some of the pre-receipt payments after the revenue was recognized in the first quarter.
Under the conditions, we believe that while advance receipts still play a role in reconciling, smoothing and stabilizing income, reasonable increases or decreases in advance receipts do not affect the main logic of the company’s development, but are mainly affected by the adjustment of its borrowing policy and distribution contracts.
The increase of 18.57 per cent was better than the 14 per cent year-round guide, and the goal was still three, the sales rate improved significantly, the management rate was generally flat, the net interest rate was raised mainly because of the higher input from last year's series of drinking channels and the reduced investment this year to optimize the distribution of the network.
As the income scale increases, sales costs fall. In the quarterly reports, there are digestive pre-collections and early recognition of income, and higher income is also the reason for the decline in sales costs. The product structure of the Maw and the series of wines is expected to be upgraded throughout the year, with an increase in the price of tons of alcohol driving the increase in the Maori rate.
There is room for considering price increases for non-target products; structural upgrades have not been completed; and, at the same time, the price of the plant will be higher than the real offer that was given to the distributor, the price of the ton of alcohol will be higher, and the Maori rate will be higher in the future.
The increase is evident from the upwards in the Māori rate, the improvement in the sales cost rate, and the 55 per cent net interest rate.iv. Still, the year-round average, the price increase, the increase in profitability, and the greater profit elasticity.
Income, profit growth, mainly through further price increases for non-target products, structural upgrades, and channel adjustments, combined to raise the price of tons of alcohol. Based on these findings and logic, we expect a profit increase in 2019 in Guizhou over the market.
Much to be optimistic about. By 2018, the sales of the puppies were higher than expected, and the prices of the ton were lower than expected, so both measures eventually reflected an increase in the price of the ton of wine in terms of performance, product structural upgrading, and channel adjustment.
The rapid upswing led to higher profitability, and in the light of the trend toward a smoother downswing in cost rates, we believe that profits in 2019 can be seen as more optimistic, with the possibility of re-surfacing market expectations. The year 2019 was a crucial year for the Maotai Group, with the listed companies’ income to the group, profits to the group.
Guotai reports a quarterly review: once more than expected, product upgrades are the main cause of the company’s management’s full confidence. At the same time, according to the division of the target task, we find it difficult to achieve.
Given that foreign investment has taken over the price of the hut, it will not be easy to lose, and may continue to buy, and that the huts will continue to grow at a certain rate in the coming years, with the amount of alcohol coming from the current 32,000 tons.
The net profit rate will rise in the larger upscale. Therefore, it is reasonable to maintain a valuation hub about 25 times the price in the next few years. In 2019, we were 23 times the price, given the rationality and continuity of the price.
For $1030, which corresponds to 29 times the price of pe in 2019, given that the high value of pe in 2017 and 2018 was 35 and 30 times the annual performance, respectively, given the current buy-in of blue equity and internal and external funds.
It's a level that will be maintained for quite a long time. Unless companies continue to raise prices and expand supply substantially, leading to re-accelerated profits, the company will value water.
The price is still the stock price. Since the huts have become a signpost and a focus of social attention.
So a lot of things can be magnified. It also breeds a certain risk, and the greatest uncertainty in future market prices is the level of valuation.
So the pressure on the stock price is relatively high, and the biggest profit in the future, and they sell it on the assumption that there's a problem with the poo sales, the profits from the profits.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.