Chinese San-Yun San-Yun (000999), pharmaceutical biology, brand name otc, core product with price-adding properties, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: 1) as an otc and prescription Chinese drug platform under the Chinese flag, rich in variety, supported by endogenous growth, and supported by external development; 2) in the otc sector, the 4th consecutive year of China's otc production complex is ranked first, 999 brands are well known and have some control over terminal prices; 3) in the prescription drug field,
The product covers such broad areas as cardiovascular veins, tumours, and the market performance of core varieties such as approximation, Xanax, etc. The oral dose-type ratio is expected to exceed the injection type: 4) as a pilot company for Chinese drug formulations, with a seating system dividend.
The drugs are listed at the forefront, with a variety of product channels covering the entire country; (2) the market space in our country for otc is wide, with a complex annual growth rate of 11.7 per cent; and (3) the prices of otc drugs have been liberalized, resulting in higher prices and higher levels of profit for core products such as the company ' s three-hundred stomachs, cold spirits and strong exposures.
• International giants have strengthened their cooperation in the field of otc and have consolidated their leadership. 1) In 2016, the company signed the Framework Agreement on Cooperation in Consumer Health Care Operations in China, which seeks to jointly open up China's healthy consumer goods market: 2) Xenofy has a large number of otc and health products worldwide and has children on the Chinese market.
“Good dolls”, having a gynaecologist license plate, “Komut” and its global non-prescriptive flagship product, “Friendly recovery”, have a good basis for cooperation with companies in a number of fields of business; (3) working with world giants not only enriches the company's product lines, but also allows companies to learn from the success stories of foreign giants.
The Chinese medicine platform, which is prescribed under the Huo Yu banner, has a strong internal extension. 1) In the area of prescription medicine, the company ' s products cover the heart, cerebral vascular, tumor, digestive system, bone and paediatrics, etc., and the core varieties are well marketed, such as the note of radiation, the barley injection fluid, etc.; 2) the transition is continuing well, and the proportion of oral types such as Xanax continues to grow, followed by notes.
The percentage of prescription drugs in Chinese is expected to fall to less than 50 per cent for the type of agent; 3) the acquisition of the Kunming Holy Fire, the acquisition of varieties such as blood plug-in-tung, capsules and safroles, and the enrichment of the prescription product lines: 4) the products of blood plug-in-tunnel capsules, neo-Terlin, condensation tablets, etc., are expected to benefit from the adjustment of the health insurance catalogue.
The first national pilot production of Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, with the highest number of superiors, is consistent. 1) Production of 600 monomer formulations, with a market share of about 13%, is among the highest in the industry. 2) Channels cover more than 20 provinces of the country, nearly 2,000 hospitals and health-care facilities. 3) In the second stage of the construction, the capacity of production is increased by 60%.
In the next three years, companies are expected to increase their net profits at a rate of 17 per cent, or 20 times, 17 times and 15 times, respectively. We believe that companies are rich in variety, diverse in their channels, and rich in their wealth.
Full-scale resource support from the major shareholders of the Group, looking at the company's follow-up development in the branded drug field, maintaining “buying of China Yu” (000999); performance is slightly lower than expected, with product restructuring being a priority (2017-03-09)
3. Hua Yun Sanix (000999). Acquisition of the Sacred Powder industry, rich product line layout (2016-07-27)1 and assumption of steady growth of the company ' s non-prescriptive line of medicine, with price increases based on exclusive varieties and high market occupancy
2. Assuming that the company continues to make a smooth transition on the prescription line, the proportion of oral formulations, such as Xanax, continues to grow, with later injections dropping to less than 50 per cent of the Chinese prescriptions.3 It is expected that the company will successfully complete a second phase of the prescription of the pharmaceutical granule gold in 2017, with a 60 per cent increase in post-construction capacity.
The market is widely perceived as a traditional white horse with weak growth and a large market value, and we believe that the company will be strongly supported by the Group in the context of the pharmaceutical industry shuffling, and that there will be a strong basis for continued and strong efforts. The market is generally perceived to be underpressed by the price of the company’s medicines in the context of health insurance costs, and we believe that the company will act as a firm.
“otc+ Chinese prescription drugs” are long-established companies that have greater control over consumer and hospital terminals and are more price-sensitive and price-controlled than simple otc or simple prescription companies;
A growing proportion of species such as safrole, non-injection capsules, facilitates valuation, and companies still have M&A expectations. Multiplier, 15-fold.
The Chinese medicine and the Otc platform are Chinese prescription drugs and Otc platforms under the Chinese medicine group.
Injectants in the two main treatment areas of focused cerebral veins and anti-cancer, which also cover such operational sectors as Chinese prescription particles and anti-infection. In the area of otc, the company concentrated its resources on the development of core products, creating 999 “Families of cold medicine”, “Families of stomach medicine” and “Families of skin medicine”.
In 1948, it was restructured to be known as China Rain Company, and in 1952 the reporting line was changed from the Central Office of the Communist Party of China to the Central Trade Department (now the Ministry of Commerce). In 1983, it was restructured to create China Rain (Group) Limited.
In December, it was delinked from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade and placed under the central administration. In 2003, it was placed under the direct management of the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council and placed among the top priority state-owned enterprises.
On July 20, 2016, Fortune was published as the world’s most recent top 500 list, China China Yun Corporation is a corporate group that collects medicine, health product development, manufacturing and circulation, and is a strategic business unit under China Yun Ltd., China Yun Medicine Corporation Ltd., China Yun Medicines Business Group Ltd., and China China.
For example, Yuu Sanjio Medical Co. Ltd., Hua Yue Gang Pharmacy Co. Ltd., East Aqué Co. Ltd., Hua Yue Lihua Pharmacy Co. Ltd.: Hua Yui Yui San (000999), Hua Yue Erk (6,00062) and East Aquéa (000423) are listed as domestic stock companies.
Figure 2: The marketed platforms are focused on different areas, with Hua Yuan San and Chinese prescriptions dominated by self-diagnostics, East Aquillas and Opiates as health-care platforms, Hua Yu medicine as the leading industry business, and Hua Yu and Yan are the only platforms for the development of chemicals.
Figure 3: Positioning and profile of the main medical assets under the flag of Huayun
Dr. Hua Yuen, self-care: consumption — positioning: China Yun Medical Insurance
• Positioning: the Chinese medicine flag is at the core, responsive and robust platform, nourishing.
The only thing that comes out of the chemicals is the consumer's self-diagnostic, the living guide.
Conversion and promotion of treatment demand • Products: Focus on glue master • Extension, assurance
• Further development of the nation's cut-off products and services
The single, new gmp against sterile, focused multi-brand development battles for home page orientation.
To create a leader; to optimize, to seek, to build a powerful card line, to be a leader.
• Concentrating in the big infusion industry • prescription drugs: using marketing patterns of lines;
Modern technology upgrades, globalization processes, the whole pharmaceutical supply chain.
Traditional natural drugs, solutions, building nuclear opportunities, growing opportunities.
(a) Competing; building specialization, scalability, convenience, fuller
In the second period of strategic development of the Group, industries such as medicine rose from nothing to nothing and quickly to 39 in 2007.
63.6% of the stock in medicine, later known as China Yun 39, has grown and grew. China Yun was founded in 1985 as a South Shenzhen pharmaceutical factory, changed in 1999 and placed on the market in late 2000, entered the Hua Yun Group in 2008 and changed in 2010 as China Yun 39, gradually laying down drugs in otc and China.
The leading role in the two main areas of prescription drugs establishes a strategic path that focuses on “self-diagnostic” and “medic prescriptions in China” as follows: Figure 4: Chinese Sanctuary 39 focuses on self-diagnostics and Chinese prescriptions, with consumer-centred self-diagnostics in order to hold them.
Continuing product and service innovation, creating an otc, big health brand line to meet consumer demand. Chinese prescription drugs upgrade traditional natural drugs with modern technology to make them safer, efficient, stable in quality and easy to use. 1.3 Inner + two-wheel drive.
China-Yun-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu actually controls the State Finance Committee of the State Council, holding 72% of the shares of Hua-Yun Pharmaceuticals Group through China-China, and China-Yun Medicine Group holding 63.60% of the shares of listed companies through China-Yun Pharmaceutical Holdings. The company focuses on prescription drugs and the otc sector, expanding the product line through continuous extension and purchase.
In the drug industry of Dong-soon, the dominant product, the "King of Song Peng", enriched the skin line; in 2013 it was enriched by the purchase of Gui Lin Tin and the acquisition of bone-painted products; in 2013 it was enriched by the acquisition of the Chinese medicine industry of Shandong Huaiwei, which enriched the flu and gastrointestinal tract drug varieties: in 2015 it acquired Zhejiang and Beijing Baote, and the Zhejiang core group of Achiro.
Solution capsules, salami caps, magnesium plus aluminum chewing tablets, etc., as well as the development of the priority varieties of ammonia hydroxycodone; In 2016, the purchase of the Qunming Holy Fire and the acquisition of the blood-plastic toon capsules enriched oral-agent-type products in the cardiovascular sector.
The sale of Guangdong Cerebral Hospital in the fourth quarter of 2015 generated an investment gain of 128 million yuan, resulting in a higher base, the elimination of the net return to the mother of 100 million yuan (+19.95 per cent) and a significant increase in earnings. Companies focused on the development of the pharmaceutical industry, the gradual increase in the income from pharmaceutical products and the Māori share, and the pharmaceutical sector ' s income in 2016.
The ratio of Māori to Māori was 94 per cent and 98 per cent, respectively. The increase in income from prescription drugs (including antibiotics) and Māori to Māori was significant, with management and financial rates largely stable in 2016 rates, with sales rates rising from 34 per cent to 37 per cent as a result of increased company spending on marketing in the area of otc and consolidation of crowds.
The Chinese prescription drug benefited from a firm ' s careful study of local bidding policies, the development of differentiated regional competition strategies, the continued reference to Māori rates, and a significant increase to 65 per cent in the company ' s overall Māori rate. Net interest rates fell slightly to 13 per cent as a result of rising rates during the period. As of 2016, corporate consolidated financial statements covered 42 subsidiaries, with companies and their subsidiaries mainly engaged.
The main products include: 999 cold spirits, 999 pyres, reference fluids, injection of head shoals, anti-frying meds, 39-baby particles, orthopaedic pills, etc. Table 2: Status of major affiliates
In 2016, the company achieved more than 18 billion varieties, including three hundred and ninety-nine stomachs, 999 flu, 999 pyre, 999 pyrinthonol, 999 chemobara, 999 gastrointestinal pain particles, 999 bibliographies, and 999 barbeas. In 2016, the flu products were sold to more than 1.8 billion yuan, the company’s largest drug class.
In the future, the company will focus on the two main directions of “self-diagnosis” and “medium prescriptions,” in which “self-diagnosis” is centred on the consumer, building an otc, large health brand line.
At the heart of the hospital, the patient's needs are met. King 2otc, in the new era of industrial development, the pharmacy sales terminal, through which drugs are marketed with relative elasticity in pricing, the company's brand in the field of otc.
The otc industry faces an opportunity for integration, with lower concentration across the industry, more small manufacturers and brands, and with increased regulation of the pharmaceutical industry, such as the new version of gmp, consistency evaluation, fly-checking, etc., has an impact on the profitability of small producers.
At the same time, in the broader context of rising consumption, companies are nurturing nutrition and health products, which are expected to be important growth points for future operations. Through new product supplementation, brand integration, companies are constantly providing consumers with richer and better-experienced products.
In 2016, the China Association for Non-prescription Medicines published China ' s Integrated Statistics for Non-prescription Pharmaceutical Producers, with China ' s 39th place in the first place, plus the previous four years, 2015, 2014 and 2013, in which China ' s non-prescription pharmaceutical producers ranked first, with a prominent industry leader.
The non-prescription drug is relative to the prescription drug (rx) and refers to drugs that do not require a doctor’s prescription and that consumers can buy directly from a pharmacy or pharmacy.
It is possible to use the knowledge of medicine at its disposal, with the help of drug labels, to provide self-pharmacological treatment for mild short-term conditions, to purchase drugs selectively under the guidance of pharmacists and to use them in the prescribed manner.
In turn, we can classify the flu-resistant allergies, cough control, pain reduction, vitamins and minerals, digestion, skin, etc. 11 subcategories; in the middle-drug otc class, we can divide the flu cough, digestion, amnesia, supplementation, etc. We have a vast market space for otc. In 2015, the domestic market in otc was about $240 billion, which is around the entire drug.
17% of the market. According to data from the South, the Otc market has been growing at a high rate between 2010 and 2015, and our Otc market is still very different from that of the developed countries, mainly as a result of the fact that the number of otc varieties is far lower than that of the developed countries. The number of otc products in the United States is more than 30,000, while our otc product is more than 30,000.
\triangleright has only 4870 products; \tc costs per capita are far lower than in developed countries. \tc consumption per capita in the United States in 2015 was $1,000.
And my country's otc per capita consumption is only about $28. Our otc market is still developing fast, while the US otc market is mature and growing slowly.
In our view, our market for otc has more than five times the scope for development, with great prospects. Figure 14: Comparison of the tc market in Central America • Market size: $35,912 million
Market size: $32.1 billion Per capita consumption expenditure: $28. Policy benefits drive the development of the otc industry. 2012 deadline for the re-launching of prescription and non-prescription drugs.
In 2016, more than 600 prescription drugs were converted to non-prescriptive drugs. Security is the key to limiting the conversion of prescription drugs to non-prescriptive drugs. Since the conversion of prescription drugs to otc has led to a marked decline in drug prices, future policy development is expected to lead to the development of pro-occ drugs, and the conversion of prescriptions to non-prescriptive drugs has contributed to a win-win process between government and business.
As a result of the increased awareness of self-care, the market for otc increases. As health knowledge and awareness improves, consumers no longer go to hospitals for treatment in cases of common illness, but prefer to buy medicine in pharmacies.
According to the Deloitte Life Sciences and Medical Health report (lifesciencesandhealthcare inchina), the main consumer of the drug is the elderly, accounting for 40-50% of the total consumer population. The country is gradually moving into an ageing society, with the number of older persons increasing, and by the end of 2014 it was 65-year-olds and over.
The constant increase in the elderly population has also led to an increase in the incidence of chronic age-related diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, respiratory diseases, etc.
In June, the National Commission issued a circular on the implementation of the guidelines for improving the central procurement of medicines in public hospitals. Under the guidelines of national policy, the price of tenders for medicines has been reduced to a normal level, with the year 2015 being the largest.
Some of the varieties fell between 5 and 20 per cent and the industry lost profits.otc was price-flexible without passing the bidding process for medicines.
This means that the price of most drugs will be regulated by the market, which will depend on supply and demand, quality, and quality, and will also need to take into account such factors as the bargaining of the healthcare-paying sector. For otc products, there is no need for a bidding ring for drugs, and price changes will have a faster and more direct impact on profits.
We believe that partial pharmaceutical companies will step up their efforts to push the Otc market from the point of view of maintaining prices and the life cycle of the product.
2.3 The prices of the company's products are strong and price rises from year to year after their liberalization in 2015, and in line with brand positioning, consumer acceptance and competition in related products, the company has been making a number of minor adjustments to the prices of products, such as three-hundred stomachs, cold spirits, strong-strengths.
From an average sample of Internet terminal channels, it was found that the price of products such as the 39 stomachs, the 39s, the 39s, the 39s and the 39s were at about 50% and the price of the more than 100% higher than that of the strong ones since 2009. The average price of the 39 stomachs (20g*6 bags) was raised from 6.35 yuan in 2009 to 9.60 yuan in 2016, with price increases.
RMB. The price increase was 142 per cent. The average terminal price for the three colds (10 g*9 bags) was raised from $7.18 in 2009 to $11.53 in 2016 at 61 per cent; and the average terminal price for the three ninths (6 g*10 bags) was increased from $11.05 in 2009 to 2016.
We believe that many of the company ' s otc varieties are in line with the country ' s low-cost drug policy, and that the country has made good-quality prices for high-quality medicines, such as the first-students, differentiated government pricing, and that there is still room for price fluctuations and price increases for some of the products.
The company ' s self-diagnosis business generated revenues of $4.380 billion throughout 2015, an increase of 7.33 per cent over the same year, with a steady increase in flu, gastrointestinal drugs, skin medicine, and a wide range of product coverage, product lines and self-diagnosis covering the flu, skin, gastrointestinal, cough, bone.
The core species have a steady and rapid growth of the cold, which is a common disease caused mainly by upper respiratory infections. According to statistics, approximately 75% of the population arrives each year.
With one flu missing, the demand for cold medicine is for immediate demand, and the size of our cold medicine market has increased year after year in recent years. Since 2010, the proceeds from the sale of cold medicine have almost quadrupled and now account for about 15 per cent of the total retail sales of drugs.
There are many types of anti-cold drugs in the domestic market, many types of drugs and many types of agents, and the country's anti-viral drugs are broadly available: they treat one or another type of virus, including, among other things, Concorde, Silverfield, Tyner, Crack, Sinoe, ammonium yellow-sensitive capsules, flu, white-and-black.
Anti-allergies: The drugs typically contain porcelain, benzylamine, nymphosmy, Mindi, such components as sympathia, neocon, tak capsules, ammonium yellowmin capsules, children’s quick-impact flu particles, cold tablets, vc silver flosses, etc. Physic pain relief, pain-resistance pharmacology, and significant anti-inflammation, rheumatism, etc.
Central medicine: this type of drug is based on Chinese herbs and is processed through preparations to produce different types of Chinese medicine.
Table 7: All types of cold medicine represent the drug situation. The family contributes about $1.8 billion to the largest group of sales in 2015, of which 999 is the core of the Department, including 999 flu particles and 999 flu capsules, the largest group of sales earnings of the company, as well as resistance to disease.
Table 8: Part of Huo Yu’s cold medicine represents the second of the core species of the three-nine-thousand-thousand-thousands.
As the pace of life increases, the number of cases of gastrointestinal diseases increases every year, thus contributing to an annual increase in the use of gastrointestinal drugs. Currently, there are nearly 120 million gastrointestinal patients in the country, 70% of whom are elderly, making the market for gastrointestinal medicines grow every year.
In 2015, the market for gastrointestinal medicines was 46.5 billion, of which 19.6 billion were sold in retail markets, 26.9 billion in hospital terminals, and the trend in retail sales of gastrointestinal medicines, which is similar to the overall market, has been increasing year by year. The market for gastrointestinal medicines is promising, with many well-known pharmaceutical companies competing for gastrointestinal medicines and competition among brands.
In 2015, the family contributed more than $700 million, consisting mainly of three-hundred-and-nine stomach pain particles. In mid-2016, three-hundred-and-nine-year-olds ranked second in the country ' s top 10 gastrointestinal drugs, showing strong market competitiveness.
Dermal diseases are the sum total of diseases occurring in the skin and the skin ancillary organs. In our country, the high incidence of skin diseases is a common and multiple disease. With the development of society, the number of drugs to control skin diseases increases from year to year, while the use of drugs other than skin ailments is the predominant drug, and since 2008 the market for external skin ailments has increased from year to year.
In 2015, the company achieved a sales income of about $700 million for skin medicine, and the product of skin medicine was flat on the other side, with acetic sermione cream, both sold and sold, ranked first, with a clear head advantage, with an expected long-term income increase of more than 10 per cent.
2.4.4 The top 10 osteoporosis days and osteoporosis markets The osteoporosis priority varieties and osteoporosis of the company are produced by the Gui Lin Yu and the pharmaceutical industry under the banner of Hua Yun, for various chronic and acute bone diseases such as bone growth, rheumatism, pains of arthritis, damage to the hit, cold winds, blood flow, disinfection.
Pain, efficacy of comprehensive treatment. Sales of daily and osteoporosis in key hospitals in the country, except for 2009, show a year-on-year increase, with company osteoporosis earning more than $500 million in 2016, with sample hospital sales receiving $24.11 million, increasing by more than 30%, and sample hospital revenues increasing from year to year, becoming an important species of osteoporosis.
Sky and bone cream ranked seventh in China ' s top 10 famous groups of ointment in 2016, showing a certain market position, and companies in the future will undertake innovative marketing to further raise brand visibility and market position. 2.5 Hand-held Sanofy, consolidates the otc leadership.
On 2 December 2016, the company issued a public announcement and signed an agreement with Sanofi to cooperate in the development of a consumer’s health-care framework in China and to work together to open up a market for healthy consumer goods in China. The two parties set up a joint venture focusing on paediatrics and gynaecology non-prescriptive products, with 70% of the company’s shares and 30% of the Sanofi’s shares.
Paediatrics, gynaecology and hepatic drugs are the priority development products of the company, in cooperation with Sanofy, in line with the strategic direction of the company's development and in line with the product's development plans: Sanofy's “good dolls” and the company's existing paediatric brands are integrated to provide a diversified choice of brand positioning for consumers: gynaecology, which can supplement gynaecology products such as the polyclinic oil bolts: in the field of hepatic medicine, the company
Proximate “resilient” products are promoted in retail and pharmaceutical channels; Sénofey's associates, as exclusive distributors, promote easy recovery products within China and enjoy “prior bargaining power” over other products, including other brands in areas such as sensitivity resistance, digestive system health, cough and flu; and, on the channel, Sénofey complements the existing channels and end resources of the company.
Sénofie opted to work with China-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, focusing on many years of careful operation in the market, with a very strong business and end-to-end capability, choosing China-Yun to work together and adding more branded products as a win-win result.
2.6 Marketing niches enabler product release Companies have a strong branding capacity and focus on consumer research and media innovation. The “1+n” branding strategy has yielded initial results in recent years, with the addition of “day and” and “soon peaks” through M&As, based on “999” brands, etc.
The pharmaceutical brands endorsed by the Philanthropists, which have been made into specialized brands of osteoporosis and skin medicine, provide a solid basis for long-term business development. “999” brands enjoy a high degree of recognition in both the consumer and the pharmaceutical industry, and the “999” brands have been placed under the authority of the state on several occasions.
The company has been ranked first in three consecutive years in the overall ranking of non-prescription drug companies issued by the China Non-prescription Medicines Association, and has also been on the list of the most valuable Chinese brands published by the Wpp for several consecutive years, and in the list of the top 100 Chinese brands in 2015, the company ranked first.
In terms of terminal coverage, further promotion of down-deep and wider coverage, focus on strategic collaboration with chain clients, upgrading of direct-control terminal ratios, and efficient marketing. Companies are actively promoting business cooperation with power suppliers to accelerate the official flag shop of electricity suppliers' channels. At the same time, companies are accelerating the development of the base drug market, based on the progress of the provincial base drug bidding process.
Targeted competition strategies to open up new business growth points.3 The prescription drug industry, with a decreasing injection ratio, achieved a business income of 3,795 million yuan in 2016, an increase of 25 per cent in comparison with the policy impact of recent years.
In the bidding process, there is a significant downward pressure on prices, which is maintained at a rate of 10%. Prescription drugs are one of the company’s core businesses, with the liquids representing a decline in the sale of the Chinese injection plate, but the company has been actively restructuring the structure to expand and buy a thicker company’s performance through the injection of the trans-altoxin type, which is enriched with oral preparations in the cardiovascular sector. In addition, the Chinese formulations have grown steadily.
In recent years, the global market for prescription drugs has grown steadily, with a global market for prescription drugs of $772 billion in 2016. Domestic trillion dollars (about 85% of the total size of the pharmaceutical market) increased by 7.8% over the same period, with a 13% compound increase in health coverage in recent years.
The market for prescription drugs has slightly decreased in a high-cost environment, and, according to the distribution channels, the hospital is the main channel for the sale of prescription drugs, with a market share of about 77 per cent, followed by the third end, with 13 per cent, the fastest growing channel in 2015, with retail pharmacies accounting for 10 per cent and the lowest, with a slight decrease in the rate of increase.
Low, mainly due to the reduction in the total amount of prescription drugs in hospitals due to the cost of health care. From the type of prescription drugs, the drug is the largest, or more than 20%, followed by the whole body anti-infection drug. At the rate of increase, chronic disease-driven digestive systems use drugs, cardiovascular systems use drugs more rapidly, and are subject to restraining orders.
We believe that, in the context of the challenging policy environment and the form of bidding for prescription drugs, the following three core competitive prescriptions will emerge, with rapid development opportunities: the poor quality of products and the abundance of product lines in the area of chronic drugs; and the integration of the entire Chinese pharmaceutical industry in the field of medicaments.
Links, the ability to create a large variety of prescription drugs; hospital channels are kings, hospitals cover a large and wide range, and have strong academic outreach and grass-roots hospital outreach capabilities. We believe that companies have the core competitiveness described above, and will gain a central competitive advantage in future intense market competition.
The company's current prescription operations consist mainly of Chinese prescription drugs, Chinese prescription particles and antibiotics.
Prescription medications include various types of radiation, rash injection, glycerine injection fluids, and oral types, and specialist-level medications. The Chinese injections are currently mainly subject to policy environmental impacts, high price pressure during the bidding process, the introduction of a catalogue of assisted medications in some provinces, which has resulted in some clinical restrictions on the use of the products, and future structural and efficiency adjustments will be made.
Focus. The company has been actively restructuring its operations for the past two years, with a shift from prescription drugs to oral ones, leading to an overall increase in its operations, such as sales of the HALX type, which has outpaced injection fluids, and faster growth in specialized fields, such as NDL, gastrointestinal pain particles, etc. Purchases of sacred fires have helped to speed up product restructuring.
We believe that the company has placed high strategic emphasis on the industry challenges of injecting drug use, while also shifting the strategic focus to combing product lines and restructuring products, and that the company will consolidate its leadership position in long-term competition.
The country’s Chinese market for injectables was 88.2 billion yuan a year, a 1.4% increase compared with the same year, less than the 6 percentage point increase in the medium-formulated tablet. Companies gained an in-depth understanding of the current situation in the industry, made an active strategic shift, and the anti-cancer line was transformed into a new growth force for companies, with specific products, such as Xaloxin injectable fluids, developing into oral-type agents.
3.2.1 The market for anti-cancer medicines is large and the trend is clear. Anti-cancer drugs, also known as anti-cancer drugs, are mainly those that directly kill cancer cells. The number of cancer patients is increasing every year due to the acceleration of population ageing, environmental pollution and unhealthy lifestyles. Anti-cancer drugs are currently available.
In the first area of treatment for global drug use, global sales of anti-cancer medicines reached $78.9 billion in 2015, accounting for 8.27 per cent of global drug sales. The market for anti-cancer medicines has also grown steadily in recent years, from 3.2.2 anti-cancer classifications in 2008 to market sales.
Classes, anti-cancer meds, hormones, and assisted anti-cancer meds. The annual blue book on the development of the Chinese pharmaceutical market, where the anti-cancer market plays an important role, has a large anti-cancer market, and the company Hua Xuan is a large group of anti-cancer medicines.
Anti-cancer mellitus is one of the company’s core products, including, inter alia, Xanax injection fluids, Xanax tablets, Xanax oral fluids, urinal urchins, and so on. Market sales for this type of drug in 2015 were more than 200 million. In recent years, despite bottlenecks in the Chinese injection industry, the company’s injection fluid products have been well marked and are expected to become industry in the long term after short-term adjustments.
The share of products in the market has increased over the years, and the share of products in the market for anti-cancer medicines in 2015 was 2.17 per cent. The products are injectables, tablets, and oral fluids, mainly for the treatment of tumours and chronic diseases.
Keeping up steady growth. Since 2015, the winnings have been good, and we believe that with the opening of alternative injections for oral preparations and the opening of new medium-marked areas, the overall growth of Xanax is expected to continue steadily.
Cardiovascular diseases are known as cardiovascular diseases and cerebrovascular diseases, characterized by high rates of morbidity, disability, relapse and mortality. As the standard of living of the population continues to rise, the number of cases of cardiovascular diseases continues to increase and is rejuvenating. Research shows that mortality rates for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in China are higher than those in Europe and America.
In developed countries such as Japan, urban deaths in 2015 were the highest in China. Because of their high relapse and long-term drug use characteristics, coupled with a large patient base, the market space is huge and demand is high. 3.3.1 The market for cardiovascular medicines is large, and growth is accelerating.
From 2009 to 2015, the sale of cardiovascular drugs increased from $110.6 billion to $293 billion, with a combined growth rate of 17.6%, showing rapid growth. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the world kills more than 17 million people every year with heart disease.
Two deaths from cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death among Chinese urban residents. The mortality rate from cardiovascular diseases has been rising steadily since 1990.
3.3.2 The Shanghai Medicines Group, the Walking Group and Pfizer Pharmaceuticals have long held the leading position in the Chinese market for cardiovascular medicine.
With the development of technology and increased medical awareness, the market for cardiovascular system drugs has matured and sales have increased steadily. In 2015, 15 drugs entered the 3 billion dollar club, with a steady increase in the sales of injected blood clots for pharmaceutical production in Guangxi State.
Since 2013, there has been some volatility in the sales of the main types of medicaments in cardiovascular diseases, mainly in the form of mestizos, due to health-care costs, hospital readjustments, changes in clinical routes, etc. However, the sales of radioactive fluids, which have been steadily increasing, rose from $3,847 million to $4,692 million, among other things.
Injection fluids for barley are included in the National Health Insurance List (Category A). Injection fluids for barley are the older species entering the National Health Insurance Class A and are also the products of the National Basic Medicines Directory (2012 version). Based on the principles of prevention and treatment necessity, safety, affordability, ease of use, weighting of Central and Western medicines, basic safeguards, clinical preferences, etc., are made available to the public.
Access to the base list has led to a rapid increase in demand at the grass-roots level for gin injection fluids, and since 2013 the sales of gin injections have risen, with a small overall increase in Chinese injections, and the long-term share of Qing Yingbao under the Shanghai pharmaceutical flag has been a well-deserved leader in competitive patterns.
From 2013 to 2015, the share of the market rose from 10% to 17% in China’s top ten share of public hospitals, making it the fourth-highest jump from the market. In 2013, the JAAN IIIX project, Key Technology Applications for Documentary Quality Control and Industrialization, was awarded to the 2013 country.
The second prize for the advancement of science and technology is the only second prize awarded to the Chinese injection industry. In 2015, the new technology for quality control of medicines based on active ingredients and its application in medicine and saffron injection fluids, among other things, received the second prize.
3.4 Anti-infection neo-Terlin co-operates with the company's original antibiotic business.
Toxics, or pathological physiological diseases that cause micro-ecological disorders in the body. Anti-infection drugs are those used to kill or suppress pathogenic micro-organisms, through oral, muscular and intravenous injections.
At the same time, Zhejiang’s interests are well covered in the primary health-care market and have a better market base to coordinate with the company’s former antibiotic operations. 3.4.1 The size of the anti-infection drug market and its classification
Anti-infection medicines are rich and varied, and are divided into anti-infection pills for the whole body, anti-infection drugs for the skin, anti-infection drugs for the sensory organs, anti-infection drugs, and anti-infection drugs for the gynaecology.
3.4.2 The market for all-round anti-infection drugs is at the top of the 10, according to the data from the centre concmh surveillance, with 59,680 million yuan in the top 10 enterprises in 2015, an increase of 10.4 per cent over the same period, and a combined share of 29.8 per cent for the top 10 enterprises.
According to the Central Commh surveillance data, the total size of the whole body anti-infection drug Top10 brand in 2015 was 27.590 billion yuan, an increase of 4.7 per cent compared to 2014, with a combined share of Top10 of 11.4 per cent, which shows a large number of whole body anti-infection drug plates and a good growth in the city ' s 3.4.35 sodium waterhead (New Telin)
Anti-infection drugs have always been one of the core products of Luong Yu, with companies selling anti-infection drugs in 2016 amounting to more than $700 million. In the anti-infection business, New Tyling has achieved good growth by adjusting marketing strategies; the integration of popular pharmaceuticals is well under way, product line management has been completed, product distribution channels have been expanded, and operations are working together in hospitals, primary health-care facilities, and support has been provided.
The anti-infection business will seek to stabilize the sales of New Therling, building on local tenders, with a focus on building foundations.
The market for medical treatments is fast growing for oral antibiotics, such as achilloxin capsules. 3.5 The pre-eminence of the formulation particles is clear, the strong are strong, the Chinese formulation particles are one of the core business of the company's prescriptions and have good potential for development. The company is committed to building the original.
The formula product series, which focuses on building the entire industrial chain from medicinal resources to products, conducts continuous basic research and clinical projects, upgrades the number of products, and builds on the existing Gap planting base, conducts research on potion, expands the planting base, and constantly upgrades the product. In market promotion, it relies on intelligent pharmacies and enhances the depth of cooperation with the terminal.
During the reporting period, there was a rapid growth of more than 40% in the formulation particle operation. In addition, the construction of the second phase of the Al-Qa`idah base has started, which will effectively complement the production of the formulation particle capacity to meet future marketing needs.
In the future, the company will focus on strengthening the development of pharmaceutical production bases and research on the sources of medicinal materials, and on providing better services to clients through smart pharmacies, taking advantage of industry opportunities and promoting rapid growth with the overall capacity of the industrial chain.
Market expansion is expected to provide more room for growth when liberalized. At the same time, companies in the formulation of granular operations have accumulated a definite pre-emptive advantage, including research on the sources of medium- herbs, the construction of planting bases, the scale of operations, and hospital customer resources, which are expected to continue to grow well in the future.
The Chinese market for pharmaceutical granules in China is limited to five enterprises, China ' s Chinese medicine (the Tianjiang pharmaceutical industry), China ' s Chinese medicine industry (Am Qinjiang), the Red Japanese medicine industry (Kang Jing Tong Tong), the Nan Ning Peng medicine industry and Sichuan ' s new green pharmaceutical industry, among which the company has a market share of about 13 per cent of the total value of pharmaceutical formulation granular products, which is among the top industry.
We believe that the company was one of the first pilot producers of Chinese formulations, with a clear advantage, and that the policy was liberalized and the formulations were expected to add significantly to the company's performance: (a) a whole-of-industry chain was built, with a base of gap, to create formulation particles of “the original originals”; (b) more than 600 product types were in the forefront of the industry; and (c) channels covered nearly 2,000 medical doctors nationwide.
3.6 The synergizing effect of the Holy Dynamite industry, supplemented by oral product lines, is evident.
Production technology is at the forefront of the country. In 2015, with operating revenues of $465 million and net profits of $9.53 million, profits have increased significantly faster than revenue in recent years, mainly because of a significant reduction in operating costs and a commitment to net profits in 2016.
According to data from the pdb sample hospital, the company’s sales of blood-tone soft capsules in 2015 were among the highest in the industry. We believe that the company’s acquisition of the St. Gunpowder industry has three main points: 1) perfecting the product line, and purchasing the front cerebrovascular products.
The company is expected to grow up and down the San Francisco industry chain in the future with its own advantages and experience in brand development.
The company's other products are expected to develop other types of oral formulations with the product line. 4.1 Basic assumptions for profit projections
1) Assuming a steady growth of the company ' s non-prescription line, with an increase in price forecast based on exclusive variety and high market occupancy rate 2) assuming that the company continues to make a smooth transition on the prescription line, while the proportion of oral types of agents, such as Xaloxin, continues to grow and the rate of later injections drops to less than 50 per cent;
3) Expected successful completion of the company ' s pharmaceutical formulations in 2017, with a 60 per cent increase in capacity after completion; Table 20: fcff valuation results; Table 21: fcff valuation sensitivity analysis
We've selected nine companies in the industry like East Aqua, Tianxli, Yunnan, which have a consistent expectation of 27, 23 and 19 times the average for 2017-2019.
Corporate product sales are dominated by otc channels, where marketing agents are more motivated by incentives or where promotion is not as fast as expected due to lack of incentives; 2) M&A integration progress or below expectations
The company has made multiple acquisitions, and the M & As have progressed due to cross-regional cultural differences or significant administrative costs The company ' s otc products, despite their strong branding, have been submitted, or have led to the sale of some of the company ' s varieties of raw materials at long-term high prices, which would put some pressure on the company ' s M & A rate if they continue to rise;
5. The Southwest Securities Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Corporation”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.