20231 company performance fluctuated by base, epidemic and industry competitive factors, and the Māori rate reached an all-time high in Vantaa (60392)
Events: In recent days, the company published its annual report of 2022 and its quarterly report of 2023, and in 2022 it achieved a net flow of 4,133 million yuan, an increase of 145.7 per cent over the previous year.
The company achieved a revenue of 2,535 million yuan, an increase of 17.65 per cent, a net profit of 792 million yuan for the mother, and a net profit of less than the net profit of the mother was due to a total cost of $71 million for research and development related to a new crown vaccine, and $152 million for research and development related to a new crown vaccine for a 2022 q1 nose spray.
In 2022, the company invested 1,139 million people in research and development, an increase of 58.96 per cent, or 31.35 per cent. The 2-priced Hpv vaccine was subsequently licensed to market in Morocco, Nepal, Thailand, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cambodia, Pakistan, India, etc.
Nin, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Ethiopia, Myanmar, Uzbekistan, etc., are now reporting an orderly progress. The nine-price hpv vaccine iii clinical trial is well under way and is in progress.
"Cinda securitiesco. ltd follow-up, and the head-to-head clinical trial with Jadatson 9 has completed the clinical trial scene and specimens.
(a) Testing, statistical analysis of data is under way, and the small age bridge clinical trial has been completed;
Risk factors: Hpv vaccine promotion and marketing are below expectations and product development is below expectations. \triangleright
General Manager of the Centre. In 2022, he became Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second in a new package of zero and social uniforms. He was a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University. He worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraexel. In 2021, he joined the Sinda. He was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a member of the team, a bachelor's degree in biotechnology from Shanghai Transport University, and a master's degree in information management from Carnegie Mellon University. Two years of experience in the securities industry. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.