The expected poor gc performance is justified — the Quest Flight (002230.sz) incident: our online sales of the company's Quarter-Advanced Learning Project winning bid and learning machine smart hardware
On March 31, 2022, Lee Peking decided that the core competitiveness of the company is the pre-emptive advantage in the vertical track.
The market is pessimistic about the pre-project-based performance of the company, and we believe that there is a gap in expectations at the end of g and end c: 1) there is a structural improvement in the amount of the public procurement budget of the Department of Education and there is a marked improvement in the amount of the education purchase orders in the first quarter; 2)
Monthly sales of learning machines have increased by 63% over the same period, and we believe that the company will increase its annual performance by doing more marketing in the 618s, double 11s, etc. In summary, we believe that the company’s 2g business growth in 2022 will be repaired, thereby generating higher corporate revenues.
Other risks, such as untimely arrival, untimely return of government funds, poor sales at the end of the spectrum, increased research and development staff and cost inputs, and reduced government subsidies.
1.g End: Structural improvements in government budgets + continuing improvements in winning = implementation of the G-courses
We think that short-term education is the main pillar of corporate performance, and we've been able to prove that we can break market concerns, so we've sorted out the indicators that can be quantified at this stage to track the performance of the corporate education section.
The competition for a business model: in order for a company to survive, one should take root in the vertical field. Markets are generally concerned about corporate end two-g projects being suppressed by tight government financial resources, thus affecting the performance of the company.
"Simonity" and "precursiveness." Compared with the development of the nuance that started with voice technology, companies are able to remain undefeated in the market and in the financial advantage of Internet companies. The most important core competitiveness is not technology's leading position, but the initial application of accumulated data and responses in education, health, urban, etc.
And we think that the reason why I'm the first one to build solid data and apply the moat in the vertical field is because I'm the one who's the first person who's been able to get through the cycle of performance.
For example, in education, traditional informators do not have the capacity and coverage of ai and of a system of higher and lower integrated products from provincial platforms to classes, Internet giants have difficulty actually entering the course for a variety of reasons, and after a “double reduction” they serve as the only supply of a truly regionalized curriculum solution in the industry.
Businesses, firms' competitors have declined significantly, as evidenced by the 48 per cent growth in corporate income from the supply of educational solutions, a steady performance in education and a steady goal in 2021, in the face of what is widely perceived by the market as “government finance constraints”.
In order to more clearly quantify the performance of the 2g end of the company ' s education, we believe that a testing system has been built for a prior + post-test, while the two end levels have a solid 2g. 1.2 A priori indicator: structural improvement in the amount of government procurement budget lines in the Education Department
We have studied that the amount of government procurement in the education boards can be used as an a priori indicator of the educational landscape and found that the budgetary situation in the economically developed regions has improved and is not as tight as the market fears generally. 1.2.1 Number: half and more of the budgets in the two-line cities have increased.
Because of the existence of municipalities that did not disclose the government procurement budget for 2022, we believe that undisclosed areas could be used for linear extrapolation by reference to 2021.
The funding climate for education in the region is expected to recover first. 1.2.2 Amounts: second- and third-line urban budgets are growing in a elastic manner.
(b) The same cities that did not disclose their 2022 budgets increased their budgets by more than first-line and new-line cities, with an increase of 40 per cent and 66 per cent, respectively, in 2021 over the previous year.
We believe that this is due to the small size of the second-and-third-line city, but also to the fact that education in the second- and third-line city is more resilient than in the first-line city, and that the pace of rehabilitation will be faster when the trend is determined. On the whole, we believe that, in the short term, the level of funding for education in the economically developed region will be the first to recover until government funding becomes available.
The three-line improvement and the following cities will be expected to achieve faster recovery rates, long-term recognition of the company's after-test indicator for PET 1.3: a marked improvement in the first quarter of education, and we'll get online companies and their subsidiaries and Sun companies to systematically collate their winning information.
There has been a marked improvement in the performance of quarterly companies, particularly in the education track, where the total winning amount has increased significantly both within and outside Anhui Province, and we are looking at the company's educational orders this year, as government procurement projects are usually scheduled for the second quarter, executed and disbursed in the third and fourth quarters, which we believe have not yet reached the peak of the company's orders.
2. C: Learning machine power is expected to be the head of the smart hardware billboard, and we believe that the machine has a market potential of more than 10 billion dollars per product and is expected to become the company’s billboard. In terms of marketing, we have observed that the company’s marketing capacity on the machine has continued to grow since last year, for example.
In the elevators, there was an increasing number of video ads called "Wanting for Mistakes" by the learner, Four Seoul. From the sales data, we tracked companies' sales in Skycats, Kyoto, Suning, and more.
To drive the growth in the sales of Skycats, the main growth category is the learner machine, with $6,515 million in January-February, a 63 per cent increase in comparison, so we think that as the quality of the company ' s learning machine is recognized by the general public and marketing promotions are increasing, the company ' s hardware is expected to take the lead in getting out of the blast.
In terms of market size, according to the Ministry of Education, in 2020 there were about 197 million students in k12 and the penetration rate of study machines was about 2.4 per cent. We expect to reach about 7.26 million in 2025 and 25.4 billion yuan in the market for study machines.
Figure 9: The sales of learning machines are on the same upward trend (millions of yuan).
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis