On April 21, the Section aired its annual report 2021 and its quarterly report 2022. In 2021, the company achieved a sustained high rate of revenue and short-term profit retention did not change the trend towards the release of long-term dividends.
At the revenue end, companies achieved business income of $18.3 billion in 2021, an increase of 41 per cent in the same year, with a number of businesses gaining a price of 9.5 pct in comparison to a 300-deep trend, mainly because of the speed with which open platform marketing and mobile Internet products and services are operating.
At the profit end, the company achieved a net return profit of 1,556 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year, and a 41 per cent combined Māori rate, a decrease of 4 pct in the same year. Mainly: 1) changes in the structure of the company ' s products, with a lower Māori rate, the share of information engineering and hardware products increasing faster than the increase; 2) companies are actively developing intelligent medicine
• Rapid growth of the educational track, with gbc collaborating with the first results Rapid growth of the company’s education business, with $4.162.23 billion in operating income in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
(b) 2b: Increased learning efficiency and “two-fold reduction” grounding stratification has served more than 8,000 schools, with approximately 120,000 teachers and nearly 4 million students. (c) 2c: 50 per cent increase in the number of schools operating personalized learning manuals and user regulations.
Skycat gmv and sales have increased by 200% over the same period. We believe that companies’ products are highly compatible with policy guidelines and that the validation of existing projects and their scale-up can accelerate business diffusion; on the other hand, as the gbc works together, the projects are expected to be larger and faster.
• Increase in multi-purpose operations, with the “2030 Plan” aiming to achieve a long-term medical track: in 2021, the company's intellectual assistant covered 28 provinces across the country, with a cumulative service of over 50,000 grass-roots.
Doctors, 100 million inhabitants. We believe that the market for intelligent medicine has enormous potential, flying through the auxiliary of basic hospitals: one tap again, a commercial diagnostic system of scale, the company's market base, which is expected to accelerate later.
In 2021, the company reached a partnership of more than 40 cars with more than 10 million active users per month. In the future, as the company matures in the field of voice, interaction, sound, etc., and collaborates with more cars as a whole.
Science and Technology: Launching of a new equity incentive programme, Super-Change Building Industry Ecology 2021-09-27, designed to give machines greater sense than humans, expertise in the field of in-depth understanding and sustainability
We believe that the 2030 plan builds on the firm's long-term ambitions, while the public sector is on the rise: 21q3 performance growth is higher than expected.
The Division’s already landed ai products and capabilities also reflect the bottom line of corporate goal-setting. 2021-10-27 Expeditions Accelerating Releases.
(a) Closed doors, promising to move away from the project-based, customized business model towards 2b and 2c pair 1) the spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity in enterprises and less demand for orders than expected;
3) Consumer product recognition and diffusion have had less than expected; 4) industrial competition has increased and firms have gradually reduced their pre-emptive advantage; using legally compliant information, this report is produced independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.