After-school service is an important opportunity.
The company issued a 618th war report, with an overall increase of 40% in sales, and a series of study machines that were the champions of both the Cats and the King-dong Pair. After the two-time reduction policy, it became an important scene of educational efficiency gains, with a large number of policy protection funds and positive changes in after-school services, and the firm’s deep engagement is expected to benefit from it. We maintain profit projections.
• Events: The company issued a 618 war report, a series of product line-by-line champions, a 618 war report, an overall 40 per cent increase in sales on the same line, and a series of products such as study machines, office books, audio pens, etc., were ranked among the champions of the Skycats and the Kyoto Platform: the distribution of the underline channels continued.
On June 20, the company’s digital collection platform, Star Day App, was launched, with a first two-size digital collection.
• The informationization of education is a positive change, with the firm's deep involvement fully benefiting (1) after-school education is a positive change: since the introduction of the two-year reduction policy in July 2021, after-school education has become an important feature of the improvement of fertility. As of May 2022, almost 30 provinces of the country had completed their post-school programmes.
In October 2021, the Department published the Post-School Services Management Platform and promoted the application of Post-School Services.
The case of post-composite services was identified by the Ministry of Education as “the first typical case of compulsory education services in the country” and the model effect is evident. According to the company's April investor relations record, classes at the district level have been formally built.
In the post-school platform, the company ' s share of the market is over 60% and is deeply involved in post-school information development. (3) After-school information is potentially wide: according to the Ministry of Education, the number of primary and secondary schools in 2021 was 22.18 million, and the Corporate Information Update Report continued to be high in the quarter.
According to the company’s investor relationship log, 80% of the cities have clear parents who can pay for a term of about $600, and the potential market space is wide, and the company is expected to continue to benefit.