Just needed to speed up the release of the company in line with the local business dividend incident: the company disclosed its performance in 2021 and q1 and the overall performance was largely in line with expectations.
The large pool of talent and the higher than expected net profit after the elimination of additional staff costs reflect the firm ' s actual acceleration of release based on the dividends of its operations: about 30 per cent (3001 persons) of the personnel reserve increases the associated R&D costs by 628 million + the cost of sales.
The net profits of the company after excluding personnel costs are far more than expected. We have excluded the R & D costs of 30% of the additional personnel and calculated the net profits of the mother based on the actual tax rates reported in the three-quarters, resulting in a return of 100 million dollars, an increase of 170.6% from the previous year.
We believe that this represents a firm’s vision of its future business development and its actual preparation, and that while the company’s net profits have been suppressed in a short period of time, the dividends will be released more clearly after the suspension of its recruitment. (2) Camp 2022q1 harvests will continue at a high rate, with a consistent increase in the non-net profits of the parent deduction:
The reason for this is that the company ' s shareholding tycoon, trio, etc., has reduced fair value by 154 million due to stock price fluctuations, and the net profit of 145 million (+36.7 per cent) has increased at a rate that is largely consistent with the rate of growth in revenue.
In our view, excluding the impact of the new stocks of personnel in the second half of 2021 and the volatility of the prices of the chilled martial arts, triads, etc., the company's net profits have grown far faster than its net profits, breaking the city's 2nd “Reaffirmation of the hundreds of billions of dollars”
Fearing for the company's performance, Zagen's ground business has led the company through the cycle, bringing together our tracking of the company's first quarter of the education track at the end of g and sales at the end of c.
My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.