The company's review reports that the computer industry continues to experience high income growth, technology-driven and high-risk flights (002230.sz)
The results of the scenario show that $18,314 million, an increase of 40.61 per cent over the previous year, was realized; the net profit from the return to the mother was $1,556 million, Wu Xing Jian.
This represents an increase of 14.13 per cent over the same period; net profit from deductions and later return to the mother is 979 million yuan, an increase of 27.54 per cent over the same year. Operating income was 3,506 million yuan in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 40.17 per cent over the same period;
In 2021, the public domain/open platform and the consumer business/car business, respectively, grew by the same amount.
Many pressing areas of social life, such as human life, health, and automobiles, are connected to society’s needs by using artificial intelligence through three layers: g-end/b-end/c. The company’s “ground operations” are deeply rooted, and the scale of its landing applications continues to grow, accounting for more than 50% of the company’s total revenues “based on land operations”.
22q1 achieved operating income of RMB 3,506 million, an increase of 40.17 per cent over the same year, which is a continuation of the upward trend; and the net return profit of the parent fell by 20.57 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the cold stockholding of the 22q1 company, martial discipline, three-way transactions, etc., recognizing gains and losses of RMB 154 million as a result of changes in fair value due to fluctuations in stock prices.
The company's profit potential is expected to continue to grow in the long run as a result of short-term pressure on local business expansion. The company's Māori rate was 41.13 per cent in 2021, a decrease in comparison with the previous period, owing to the company's application of artificial intelligence on the basis of local operations for the benefit of the industry.
Rapid landing and more robust development, early deployment of operational and site personnel, increased in size by 3,301 in 2021, resulting in higher operating costs than the growth in revenue; while the increase in personnel has resulted in higher costs and an impact on current profits, it has also been lower for companies.
In terms of the cost of the period, the company’s 2021 sales costs continue to be strong, and open platforms and consumer services are growing rapidly.
Operational aspects: In 2021, the science science and intelligence education programme was scaled up and replicated in nearly 20 municipalities and districts (counties) in the Jin Shui District of Chengzhou City, Wuhan City, Xinjiang District of Qingdao City, Shenyang Regional East District, Jilin Changchun City, Changqun City, Zhang Hu City and Xiangjiang District of Luangzhou City.
The “two-down” policy has led to an incremental market for after-school services, stratification, self-study, and now covers more than 170 districts, over 4,000 schools, with a 50% increase in the number of individualized learning manuals, and an increase in the number of users.
40% long, and the retention rate has increased from 75% to 90%; in 2021, sales of c-oriented learning machines increased by 150%, and sales of the Kyoto Skycat gmv increased by 200% on a year-on-year basis, with users recommending that nps open platforms and consumer business increase rapidly.
18 industry areas, such as finance, agriculture, energy, provide industries with a wealth of smart voice and artificial intelligence capabilities and solutions, with an increase of 55.55 per cent in revenue on a year-on-year basis; consumer business has significantly improved marketing capacity to consumers' channels, and consumer-type hardware sales have increased on an equal basis.
A 140% increase of 152% in gmv, and an increase of more than 80% in Gmv, the two-way platform in Tokyo. • Investment advice companies based on solid ai core technology research and development capabilities, with results in education, fee collectors, medical care, cars, etc.
Public companies are expected to follow up on their overall business performance, figure 1: operating income and the same rate of growth.
Figure 2: Mother ' s net profit and year-on-year increase, Figure 3: Māori rate and net interest rate changes, Figure 4: Change in cost rates for the period
Figure 5: p-bands, figure 6: pb-bands Wu Jiantmt/Collaborative Research Manager
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.