002230.sz. Maintenance of fast-growing revenues, access to education, computer-software development.
The company achieved revenues of $18.31 billion in 21 years, maintaining a high growth trend for the second consecutive year. At the profit end, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 41.1%, a decline of 4 percentage points compared to the previous year, mainly in education, information engineering, and open platforms.
The $2.43 billion that remain high, mostly in terms of contract performance costs, and the higher profile of the profile of the certification firm, are recognized. Most of the non-recurring gains and losses are government subsidies, so the overall Māori rate has a greater impact on the net non-mortality profit when costs are more stable during the period.
The company’s forward deployment and deployment of personnel has increased by more than 3,300 personnel throughout the year, in the context of its growing operations on the ground, resulting in short-term cash flow pressure, an operating cash flow of $18.62 billion in 2021 (+35.1 per cent) and a net operating cash flow.
During the year, a number of national and provincial ministerial studies were undertaken, and more than 10 international prizes were awarded for artificial intelligence, all of which laid a solid foundation for the global leadership of corporate-ai technology. Platform + track continues to advance, and education is growing rapidly.
During the course of the year, 449 ai capabilities were opened to the public, bringing together 2.93 million developers, while the three-quarterly report, “Search Flying — 002230-2021: A Double Recovery and Profiting” company released its Open Platform 2.0 strategy, which will bring together industry leaders to build a win-win ecology in the future.
Quick Review of Major Events: Equity Incentives to tie down Staff, next up, there's a track where the company's educational business can be played in circles, with more than 20 regional solutions based on materiality.
The English language has been reported to cover cumulatively 14 provincial and municipal high and 87 local examinations, after school, The National Quest-Scientific News Flying-002230 - In-depth report: a big one, an educational competition, a service operation covering nearly 4,000 schools, a 40 per cent increase in the size of users of learning manuals and a future decline in education
This policy has led to the prospect of a nationwide expansion of the education sector.
In 21 years, the company achieved revenues of $18.31 billion, which is 37.5 per cent more than in the same year. In the first quarter of the year, the company collected revenues of $3.51 billion, representing an increase of 40.2 per cent, a decrease of 20.6 per cent in the net return to the mother, and an increase of 37.7 per cent in the deduction to the parent.
Rapid growth in education business, information engineering, open platforms and consumer business was 48.8 per cent, 60.7 per cent, 52.2 per cent, of which education business has been growing for the second consecutive year. At the profit end, corporate gross interest rates were 41.1 per cent, a decline of 4 percentage points, mainly in education, information engineering, and open platforms.
Cost rates have fallen by 1.3, 0.6, 1.5, and 0.2 percentage points, respectively, and are well controlled over the period. The company’s inventory has been high at $2.43 billion in 21 years, mostly in terms of contract performance costs and confirmed year-on-year profile of the company’s operations. Most of the non-recurrent gains and losses are government subsidies, so the costs are stable during the period.
The overall Māori ratio has a greater impact on net profit deductions from non-motherhood. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the professional understanding of authors, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future