Successive growth in performance, “supremely” boosted by ground operations, 14.13 per cent long and net profit cut of 979 million yuan, an increase of 27.54 per cent over the same period; q1, income, 2022
1. Queries from the Quest (002230) show that the market for commercial soup highlights valuation advantages, that the i Virtual People ' s Platform is open, that the financial indicators are high and robust, and that the annual growth rate is over 25% for 10 consecutive years.
The only listed company with an annual growth rate of more than 25 per cent for 10 years while continuously expanding its strategic investments.
2. Quantities (002230): Quantities have increased by 28.9% compared to the previous year ' s increase in the stock of 3,301 people.
In 2021, the company continued to lead artificial intelligence technology into \triangleright.
The company was honoured in several competitions and won 11 champions in major international competitions in key core technologies of artificial intelligence: 1) 22 of the 15 languages first in the global multilingual competition in nist;
2) participation in the citycapes for the third time and updating the world record; 3) international speech machine review kit for three track champions; 4) winning the first educational cognitive challenge in nips;
5) The achievements of our top prize in the field of intellectual property - the China Patent Award - further strengthens the technological barriers and edges of companies in a variety of fields and builds the bottom-line capacity to build systemic innovation for the long term.
By December 31, 2021, “based operations” accounted for the company's total revenues.
Ten thousand. The creation of a corporate-centred industrial ecology has further consolidated the company's investment proposal in the National Team for Artificial Intelligence: the company, as a domestic leader in artificial intelligence, will achieve full coverage of the i-industry in over two decades, and in the age of 2.0 with artificial intelligence, the company's innovation has proposed a “supremely” strategic approach, using the “root” approach.
According to Local Business, large orders are obtained on an ongoing basis. At the same time, industry ratios \triangleright aggregates data projections for its financial statements through the application of its own core technology.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.