(gbc) Technology patents (002230.sz 1) that travel through the sea from the ground to the stars: intellectual property reserves have increased significantly. Intellectual property rights have reached 2,683, an increase of 74 per cent over the previous year.
The patent distribution was 1,135, with 63 per cent of inventions, and the "Voice recognition methods and systems" patent was won by Lee Peking 2) the educational gbc connection is in place.
(a) Smart education products cover over 50,000 schools in 92 per cent of the country's municipalities (100 per cent of second-line municipalities), and deep applied schools amount to 30,000, covering 70 per cent of the country's top 100 secondary schools;
The main client groups in the districts have signed strategic cooperation agreements with 13 provinces and 82 local municipalities.
The market coverage rate has accelerated: 2021 battalions + 63 per cent, 1 province has been operating with revenues of over 100 million, 8 local supermarkets of over 90 per cent and a renewal rate of over 90 per cent; home, covering municipalities above the county level; official direct stores in the full category of flyers, which have been under construction since 2021.
In the former 21 countries, more than 50 new ones are expected to be added this year, covering first-line, new-line, and part of second-line smart hardware: design quality is expected to improve. Industrial design has won the German Red Point Award, the F Award, the Japan G-mark Award, and the United States-idea Award, and a major breakthrough has been made in the structural design capacity of the hardware platform.
(4) Medical care: Health insurance fees are effective. The National Smart Health Insurance Competition, organized by the National Health Insurance Institute, was first in over 150 participating institutions; the management of slow diseases at the county level of Anhui reduced the residential rate of cardiovascular patients by 3.8%, thus saving medical expenses of 48 million.
5) Vehicle load: product intelligence upgrades and arpu values are expected to rise. Māori reserves for car spot projects increased by 90 per cent in 2021 over the same period, and the share of the vehicle voice market has reached 1.
68.2 per cent and collaboration with more than 90 per cent of mainstream brands (up, one, north, etc.);
2- The evaluation of Quest: smart information and entertainment systems that exist in the educational business and are being used as a first step in the introduction of the smart-ass Iml7 car will be significantly increased in the future by the value of the arpu, and the client of an in-depth co-operative individual car factory will be expected to provide more than 1 billion revenues in the third year.
“Reaffirmation of the hundreds of billions of goals, with 1,000 front-line marketing workers, has led to an increase in research and development and marketing costs of approximately $1.23 billion, prognosis 4.
Focused dividend realization 2022-02-10 Investment proposal: We keep watching companies grow at the end of education g and end c, while we believe that major corporate breakthroughs in the medical and vehicle sectors are also expected to bring new growth points, sustaining the 2022-2023 harvest.
My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.