The blending dividend continued to be released, with high performance maintained and real estate and capital growth slowed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the engineering and machinery industry was significantly affected.
Within, corporate operating income continued to grow steadily, profit levels improved, and performance remained high and difficult. q4 performance was associated with a two-point decline over the same period last year: 1) the 2020q4 base figure is higher; 2) 2021q4 overall downside trends in real estate and infrastructure have had some negative effects on the engineering and machinery industry.
Full implementation of the `Three Highs and Ones' quality development concept and increasing net profits. Corporate implementation of the new `Three Highs and Ones' quality development concept of \triangleright quality, efficient, effective and sustainable is effective in improving quality control
Awareness-raising, technological innovation, internal management, proactive marketing of overseas markets, full-scale promotion of business upgrading, competitiveness of Xu's products, and increased brand influence.
Since the third quarter of 2020, as a result of factors such as the rise in upstream raw materials, net interest rates have fallen but remain at 6.6%. We expect the company ' s net profit rate to return to more than 7% in 2022, and the net profit rate is expected to continue in the long term.
On September 30, 2021, the company issued an announcement to issue shares to Xu's limited shareholders, and to absorb Xu's limited integration. After the transaction was completed, assets such as a limited excavator, concrete machinery, a tower crane, etc., will be injected into the public company as a whole.
The limited mining of machines, towers, concrete machines, etc. in Xu was among the highest in the country and globally, with a high Māori rate of 2021 compared to 1.[000425] Xu Engineering Machinery (000425], and it is expected that the overall profitability of the company will continue to improve and core competitiveness will continue to improve.
Three-quarterly reports on performance: the continuing release of the mixed dividend, the profitability of the special debt to help build back the infrastructure, and the prospect of marginal improvements in engineering machinery.
The industry as a whole has experienced an upward and downward trend, but four quarters of special-purpose debt has been disbursed centrally, with a forecast of performance for the first quarter of 2022: blending into business dynamism, with significant capital investment. In addition, the Ministry of Finance issued an early 2022 special-purpose debt limit at the end of 2021.
q3 has maintained a rapid growth of 1.46 trillion dollars. Although the industry has not yet turned the downward trend, funding will help the capital to cool down, work to evaluate: net profit increases brightly, and shifts to the core.
Mechanical taps are expected to lead to marginal improvements. A quarterly review of q1 performance is expected to increase at a sharper pace, with mixed ground, dynamism and corporate profitability expected to grow and “recommended” ratings maintained.
5. Xu Engineering Mechanics (000425): A mixage program landed and industry \triangleright was ready for launch
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.