Quarterly review of the company ' s annual report in 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved total operating income.
12,8428 million yuan, an increase of 20.61 per cent in the same year; net profit of 12,422 million yuan in the same year, a decrease in the same year in the same year in the same year in the same year in which the net interest rate rose. In the first quarter of 2025, companies had gross points to 13.23 per cent, with sales rates, administrative rates and financial costs, respectively.
The decline of 0.74 percentage points, 0.35 percentage points, and 2.73 percentage points, respectively, has resulted in sustained expansion of global production capacity and home branding of research and development inputs to address trade risks. Currently, companies operate in more than 200 countries and territories, with a low share of United States revenues.
There are 22 R & D centers and 23 major manufacturing bases in more than a dozen countries in South America, North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, etc. In the future, companies will continue to expand their overseas manufacturing structures and promote the construction and commissioning of new factories abroad.
Access and continuous improvement of product layout and product competitiveness in all regions of the world through local user insight and innovation, with branded brands acquired in 2024 in a number of countries and in a number of household electrical classes
Continues to drive the mind-driven strategy. The company accelerates the full intelligent landing, promotes the exploration and application of large models and roe (ttm) agent technologies, and builds a model of home language based on training in its own data.
December maximum price ($)-American, for various smart products, applied to voice air-conditioning, double-washing stations, ground-cleaning, December minimum price ($)
Products such as machines, ovens, and so on, provide users with natural dialogue, vague semantic control, home knowledge questions, responses, scene generation and other interactive services, deep intelligence control for house-wide power integration and a full experience of smart housekeeping services; and for the first time, apply agent capabilities to home-based settings.
Generating, achieving rapid response and controlled generation; in addition, US research teams are actively involved in large model technology research with industry, producing several professional papers at various international ai conferences, and expanding cutting-edge research in areas such as intelligent, multi-model large models and image generation.
Investment proposals: The company is the home pole, continuing to push ahead with the four strategic axes of “Technology Leadership, Users Ahead, Digitism, Global Breakthroughs”, deepening the global landscape, continuing to build sound R & D systems, maintaining leading R & D capabilities, and focusing on full intelligence and full digitization.
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.