United States Group (000333) United States Group: higher than expected performance of 2025q1 and accelerated acquisition of teka global layout incident: April 29, 2025, American Group published a quarterly report 2025.
Intelligent household businesses have increased their sales abroad, and the Tob business has continued to function as a second engine. 1) Smart households: 2025q1 earned +17.4% of the revenue +17.4%, with 50% increase in sales from overseas consumers + + + and self-researcher data systems enabling overseas power suppliers to integrate. Colmo, Toshiba, two high-end products
Total retail sales grew by 55% + 2. Business and industrial solutions: 2025q1 earned the same amount as the first international Iso/tc86/sc4 joint laboratory to certify the Gmcc M.S.B. (b) Smart architecture technology: 2025q1 completed operations in the Euroarbonia climate sector, Toshiba
(c) Robotics and automation: CK2025q1 Chinese robotics received 35 per cent more than in the same year, and the Kuka system was integrated to obtain European project orders from Spain, Slovakia, etc., for the full amount of 50 million euros.
(b) Net interest rate: net interest rate of 9.9 per cent for company 2025q1 compared to +1.45 pct, with increased profitability; and) cost < < United States Group: double-digit increase in performance of 2024q4
Business efficiency, lower financial cost, increased exchange rate earnings. Long, faster overseas, higher-scoring red than expected -- faster expansion of overseas operations, and greater acquisition of the global power of Teka.
< < American Group: 20024q3 Double-digit performance development Operations: New Asia-Pacific Headquarters, Saudi Centre, Deep Farming Overseas Markets, Thailand, 2025. 2) New energy and industrial technologies: Launching the Westerly Motors Parts Mexican Base Building, or will be under strong service
(iii) Purchase of teka: 2025m4 < < America’s Group: 2024q2 Dragon Performance Rapidly Complete the acquisition of Teka (except for Russian affiliates) with the hope of consolidating the cities in Europe and Latin America.
At the corporate end, toc+tob is driven by two wheels, globalization continues to deepen, i.e. technology continues to be empowered, and the company as the leader of the industry is expected to continue to grow in its income performance.
Research Assistant: Golden Ribbon Field Expansion, Exchange Rate Rates, Trade Friction Risk, etc. American Group: higher than expected performance of 2025q1 and accelerated acquisition of teka global layout
United States Group: higher than expected performance of 2025q1, accelerated acquisition of teka global layout, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Beijing Road, Congming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.