Security checks led to a significant decline in gold production during the quarter.
After deducting non-recurring gains and losses, the accident triggered a safety check on mines in Shandong.
All inspections were carried out, while the company's inner mines in Shandong Province were required to carry out security checks since February 2021. As of 31 March, part of the company's gold mines in Shandong had returned to normal production and some were still in progress.
The main gold mine in East is the gold mine, the Kao family mine, the New Town gold mine, the Linglong gold mine (the East Wind mine) which has been re-established and gradually restored to production, while the other areas of the Linglong gold mine have not yet been inspected. In 2020, the company produced 1215.2 thousand ounces of mineral gold, the San Francisco gold mine, and the Ka family.
As of April 13, the main mining areas of the San Francisco gold mine, the New City gold mine, the Linglong gold mine, and the Jiao gold mine were under the control of the authorities responsible for the destruction of the equipment.
As of 31 March, four mines, including the Kanan gold mine, the Punlai gold mine, the returning gold mine, and the thorium gold mine, had not yet been re-established.
As of 13 April, the mines in question were still applying to the relevant main authority for the resumption of work. The suspension of the security work resulted in a 40 per cent decline in mineral gold production of 2021q1 compared to the previous year, and the company ' s 2021q1 deficit.
The security shutdown caused the company to drop its mineral gold production by about 40% in the first quarter of the year 2021, with investment proposals expected for 2021. US data on March cpi and retail sales will be released on the evening of April 13. With the US annual pi rate increasing by 4.2% in March, a significant increase in pi will increase the risk of upswing cpi and increase the market.
Worried about the Fed’s raising interest rates, or catalyzing the US 10-year-old interest rate on its national debt, which continues to rise, and the build-up of market forecasts, which stimulates the US dollar’s growth in March with a high monthly growth rate of total retail sales. The rise in interest rates on the US government’s debt + the US dollar’s strong rise has suffocated gold prices. As a result, the decline in mineral production and the weakening of gold prices in the short term has led to a decline in the country’s GDP.
Figure 1: Rework of gold mines in the company's Shandong, the “market index” reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.