In addition, performance commitments are met for the three-flash zero and three-flash microchannel assets injected.
The company was the leader of a global cooling control device, which injected three-flash zero assets into a new energy car heat management area in September 2017. In 2017, the company remained at a high rate of 31.23%, a year-on-year increase in the price of raw materials and the appreciation of the renminbi.
1. The main reasons for the prospect of a new growth point-triple rule are: (a) a strong leader with bargaining power: (b) the introduction of a cost-connected pricing model to control the risk of price increases for raw materials; and (c) the optimization of the product structure to increase the ratio of products with a high Māori ratio.
2. " Excellent performance, Tesla ' s high-quality target -- three electricity businesses have grown steadily, with net profits from collection/repatriation increasing by 24.23 per cent. In 2017, the company ' s electricity industry performed well. Refrigeration valves benefited from downstream industries such as air conditioners, refrigerators, etc.
3. "Access of asset injection, Tesla ' s high-quality gas cycle, yielding $4.93 billion, yoy+22 per cent " ; microchannel heat exchangers with their advantage of energy-efficient and low-energy consumption, with a clear alternative trend of 1.250 billion, yoy+16 per cent; Avico since 2012
4. Injecting Aerobics, Tesla ' s high-quality target -- III. After acquisition, it was lost in 2015, benefiting from the dividends of consumption upgrades and the spread of white household electricity, such as dishwashers, to reach 1.21 billion, yoy+16%. Household refrigeration has been growing steadily overall.
Positioning for v-heat management, with a 34 per cent increase in zero business revenue. Currently, the electric car heat management system has a single car value of $5,000, reaching 25 billion in 2020 and more than 80 billion in 2025.
The domain has a competitive advantage, with high-quality customer resources (Texra, Uri, Daimler, the general public, etc.), and in 2017 it achieved 1.21 billion, or 34%, well above the industry average.
We appreciate the company’s leading role in refrigeration, the continuing good domestic power business, and the new energy car heater movement: the commercial refrigeration sector is not as developed as expected: the new energy vehicle is not growing as expected.
In 2017, performance was impressive. Companies achieved operating income of $9.58 billion (yoy+25.1%), net profit of $1.240 billion (yoy+24.7%), net interest rate of 13.1% (+0.3 pct), and Māori q4 quarter performance was affected by currency exchange losses. Companies achieved operating income of $2.39 billion in the fourth quarter of the year.
This represents a 30% increase in the same year and a net return of 220 million yuan. Of this amount, the financial cost of 2017q4 amounted to 28.7 million yuan, well above the level of -39.26 million yuan in the same period the previous year, mainly due to exchange losses caused by the appreciation of the renminbi.
We consider the devaluation of the currency to be an external factor of uncertainty, reducing the cost of running and selling the company for the entire year. The cost of the company as a whole fell by 1.38 pct, with R&D inputs, from 2016, benefiting from the advantages of size and cost control.
At $330 million, the cost was 3.4 per cent lower; sales cost was 0.17 per cent lower. The Māori rate remained strong in a cost-resistance situation. The price of raw materials such as aluminium, stainless steel, copper, etc. increased in 2017, but corporate profitability continued to rise, with the overall Māori rate rising by 31.2 per cent, the same year.
1.3 pct. Main cause is the uncontroversial leader in the field of deep-farming cooling for more than 20 years (electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, microchannel heat exchanger markets are the world's number one, cut-off valves are the world's number one, automobile thermal expansion valves are the country's number one, and global number two), in the industrial chain.
There is a stronger bargaining power to maintain high corporate profitability. On the other hand, companies have spontaneously adopted a cost-association pricing model to manage the risk of price increases for raw materials and to restructure their products to increase the proportion of high-morigin products, such as electronic expansion valves and new energy heat management components.
In 2015-2017, the three-flower microchannel cumulatively achieved a net return profit of $480 million (a commitment of $430 million), exceeding expectations of $50 million.
The performance rate was 112%. In 2017, the net return on the three-flash zero was 180 million yuan (commitment 170 million), performance exceeded expectations by 100 million yuan, and performance commitment was 108%. The three-flash zero and three-flash microchannels fulfilled their respective performance commitments.
The company’s power lines include traditional refrigeration operations, microchannel operations, and Avico’s operations: Zero does it on a three-flash basis. The product’s electronic expansion valves and four-barrel markets are the world’s leading, mainly in air conditioning and ice.
Refrigeration equipment, such as boxes. The performance of the refrigeration business has fluctuated mainly with the air-conditioning climate cycle. In 2017, the downstream industry, such as air-conditioning, refrigerators and so on, received $4.93 billion, yoy+22 per cent. In 2017, the Māori rate of the refrigeration business was 35.9 per cent, an increase of 1.7 pct over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to higher rates.
Māori product e-inflating valves have increased sales. Microchannel operations: products include condensers, evapours, heat heaters and water tank heaters. New types of microchannel heat exchangers are widely used in air conditioning, refrigeration, etc.
The world is number one, dominated by the North American market. The current microchannel aluminum heater replacement for ordinary copper heaters is slowly advancing, generating 1.250 billion, yoy+16% in 2017; Māori Avico operations: white home appliances, including dishwashers, washing machines, coffee machines, etc., are the main ones.
The business benefits from the gradual roll-out of domestic dishwashers, with 1.21 billion, yoy+16% in 2017; the Māori rate is 17.5%.
Steam zero operations: production and sale of the main car heat control component (temperature valves, swell valves, etc.) in September 2017. New energy car heat management markets have been actively developed in recent years, with key assumptions and major business forecasts.
(a) Zero operations: (1) products: boom valves have a very high rate of 37 per cent in the country, 16 per cent in the world, traditional vehicles are stable and new energy vehicles are growing rapidly; the growth of the receptacles is stable; the temperature-resilient valves are growing at an automatic rate of 10,000 vehicles, of which Model has a production rate of 110,000 and a single-car supply of 2,000 yuan, with an estimated income of 250 million;
It also includes customer matching orders from Biadi, Gilly, Volvo, Dymler, etc.  Refrigeration operations: downstream industries such as air conditioning, refrigerators, etc. maintain a more stable demand, product markets are stable, and the area of commercial refrigeration is expanding.
Microchannel operations: Microchannel heater markets are the highest in the world, and production and sales are expected to increase further as Mexico and Hangzhou projects become operational.
There may be a drop in product market share, a fall in product prices that is higher than expected. There is a risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Companies have large foreign trade exports and earnings are affected by exchange rate fluctuations.
The commercial refrigeration component is currently largely dependent on foreign brands in the country, which may affect the growth of the performance of the refrigeration business if the company’s commercial business does not expand as expected. The new energy vehicle is not growing as expected.
In response to the temporary changes in the size of the subsidy slope and the expected timing of its implementation, the impact on the volume of new energy vehicles produced and sold has a direct impact on the company’s operations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment