The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) has performed well, with a steady growth in the performance of household appliances and losses and losses on exchange.
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2018, which generated a revenue of $2.58 billion, an increase of 20.4 per cent over the same period (adjusted net profit movements of zero to 30 per cent for the parent, with a variation of 6.1 to $790 million between regions). The downstream demand is strong and the home power industry continues to grow robustly. According to industry online data, 2018q1 domestic air conditioners
Production increased by 10 per cent over the same period, and sales increased by 13.9 per cent over the same period, with air conditioning terminals continuing their heat demand for 17 years, pushing forward continued upstream release of related parts and components, and companies benefiting from the industrial growth dividend as a global leader of refrigeration control units. The benefits of the domestic market for dishwashers and European white power are projected to grow steadily.
In September 2017, the company completed its acquisition of the Group’s high-quality asset, with a performance commitment of $160 million for the period 2017-2019.
/240 million, a 19.4%/25%/20% increase over the same period. Currently, three-flash zeros have become a supplier of parts of corporate heat management systems such as Tesla, Gilly, and Ameri. As domestic demand for new energy vehicles continues to increase, Tesla and Gilly car manufacturers will achieve rapid release, zero operations are expected to outperform commitment performance again,
Corporate profitability continued to rise against the backdrop of rising prices of raw materials and gains and losses. The company ' s gross profit rate rose by 27.5% over the reporting period, compared to the same period.
1.17 pp, mainly as a result of the company's effective transfer of cost pressures through its strong industrial chain position and floating “cost-plus” pricing mechanisms, while improving the Maori structure by increasing the share of high-origin products such as e-inflating valves.
The financial cost rate rose by 2.34 pp over the same period. Net corporate interest rate increased by 9.79 per cent over the same period by 0.44 pp over the same period, while net profit on the return of 2018q1 was actually increased by more than 40 per cent over the same year if exchange rate effects were excluded.
Tribute smart control (002050): traditional cooling robust growth, with a large space for zero operations (2018-04-16) zero with a two-wheel drive (2017-10-20)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.