3x10 (00250) Household appliances Traditional cooling and robust growth, and wide space for zero operations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
One billion yuan, an increase of 25.1 per cent over the same period (after adjustment of the statement, the same amount); the realization of a return to the mother net profit of 1.240 billion yuan, a growth of 24.7 per cent over the same period; the return to the mother net profit of 2.39 billion yuan during the fourth quarter, an increase of 30.4 per cent over the same period; and the realization of the return to the mother net dollar (including taxes), a total of about 320 million yuan, representing 25.7 per cent of the return net profit.
The traditional refrigeration industry has grown steadily, and dishwashers have become more popular in Aveko. In 2017, high demand for the air-conditioning industry led to strong upstream sales of spare parts, with companies earning $4.93 billion in refrigeration during the reporting period, an increase of 21.8 per cent.
Businesses have focused on this business, with market sales for dishwashers in 2017 amounting to $4.7 billion, an increase of 140 per cent over the same period. 1.21 billion yuan, an increase of 15.5 per cent over the same period, was realized in Aveko, where 20 per cent of the dishwasher operations are home-grown, benefiting from the trend towards universal distribution of dishwashers in the country, and the domestic harvest is expected to continue to increase.
The company completed its acquisition of high-quality assets under the corporate flag in September 2017, and during the reporting period, three zeros received $1.21 billion, 33.9 per cent higher than that. Three zeros have now become hot for companies like Tesla, Dymler, Volvo, Urea and others.
The management system component provider, the new energy car heat management system, with a unit value of $1,500 to $2,200, is more than five times the value of traditional cars, and as the new energy vehicle is phased out in the future, the zero business will open up long-term growth space for the company and become a new performance growth point for the company.
• Floating pricing patterns, and negative growth in gross/net interest rates. In the context of the continuing rise in raw material prices, the corporate Māori ratio rose by 31.2 per cent over the reporting period by 1.3 pp over the same period, resulting in a reversal of growth, mainly as a result of the “cost-plus” pricing mechanism of the company, based on its strong position in the industrial chain and floating, effectively passed on cost pressures.
On the other hand, by continuously restructuring products, increasing the share of high-additional products, such as electronic expansion valves, improves profitability. The company’s financial costs have increased by about $230 million compared to 2016, and the financial costs have increased by 2.7 pp over the same period.
Tribute Wirtschaftsprüfer (002050): Performance meets expectations, steam, taking into account the robust growth of refrigeration operations and the large space for zero operations, gives companies a 30-fold valuation in 2018, zero-sum double-wheel drive (2017-10-20)
Assumption I: The expected steady growth in sales in downstream industries such as air conditioning, refrigerators, etc., will lead to a steady increase in spare parts such as upstream valves. The refrigeration business unit will continue to grow robustly, the company will head the cooler, and the Māori rate will continue to rise steadily, and scenario II: Māori will continue to increase steadily in sales of microchannels;
Assumption three: expected surge growth in sales in downstream dishwashers, gradual integration of Avico operations, Māori coverage: a fast growth in new-energy cars, high value added in new-energy car parts and components, no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.