Rapid income growth, increased profitability - a quarterly review in 2018. The company issued a quarterly report in 2018 on the evening of April 25th. The company earned $2,578 million in revenue during the reporting period.
20.36 per cent increase; net profit attributable to the mother is 248 million yuan, an increase of 12.99 per cent in the same year; and a basic return of 0.12 yuan per share is achieved. Income grew faster in the first quarter and is expected to continue in the future 20.36 per cent increase in the company ' s q1 income in 2018 compared to the 17-year q4 increase (compared to 30.36 per cent in the same year).
Mother-to-many net profits are equal to +12.99%, as a result of a 17-year q4 increase (+20.94% over the same period). We expect stable growth in the company’s pre-existing operations to be accompanied by fast-growing three-blank zero operations, with both income and performance endings expected to grow steadily in 2018, maintaining a strongly recommended rating.
The unit achieved a profit increase when exchange losses caused significant financial cost increases compared to the 300-degree trend \triangleright \triangleright
The company ' s Māori rate increased by the same percentage as the net interest rate during the reporting period: the Māori rate increased from +1.17 pct to 27.50 per cent, and we believe that the main reason was the link between product structural optimization and cost pricing; the net interest rate increased from +0.44 pct to 9.79 per cent; and the cost increased from +1.18 pct to 15.68 per cent over the same period, with the financial cost rate resulting from a significant increase in currency exchange losses.
In the short term, the company’s commercial air-conditioning and microchannel operations are growing rapidly, and the domestic air-conditioning industry chain is still on the rise.
In the medium-to-long term, the company's commercial air-conditioning business has grown and its penetration will increase rapidly in the future; Microchannel operations will also be upgraded to energy-efficient environmental requirements and market space will be opened; the return of Euro-American households and the opening of the Asia-Pacific market for dishwashers will also contribute to the steady growth of Aveco; and the three-flower zero will open up a new company.
Growth space, medium- and long-term growth of companies, third, profit projections and investment proposals Price volatility of raw materials: drop in end demand: exchange rate fluctuations.
3. Summary Report of Sanhua Brain Control (002050): Proposed acquisition of parent company assets and entry into new energy vehicle collars
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Marko, graduate from the University of Nancai, entered civil securities in 2011 for strategic research. From 2014 to the present, it has been converted to research in the household electricity industry. Chen Ming, Master of Computer Technology, Beijing University, private entry securities in 2016 for research in the domestic electricity industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.