China Sea Oil (600938.sh): The fall in oil prices is clear, with cost advantages and increased reserves highlighting resilience in China Sea Oil
Hong Kong Investment Holding Company (HKIC), a trading company. Its operations include conventional oil and gas operations, shale operations, oil and sand operations, and other non-conventional oil and gas operations.
In the first half of the year, oil prices fell sharply, and increased reserves highlighted resilience. In the first half of the year, oil was present.
The Division is mainly in China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, with an average price of $70.94 per barrel, a decline of 14.58 per cent over the same period. In response to the fall in oil prices, markets such as Indonesia and Brazil operate.
Companies have continued to increase their production, offset the negative effects of lower oil prices by increased sales. Oil and gas production has continued its growth trend, with oil production of 296.1 million barrels, an increase of 4.48 per cent over the same period, natural gas debt and cross-equity presentations:
Projects such as Guyana have made a significant contribution, with net oil and gas production of 384.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, compared to the 52-week share price range, where the cost of barrels is well regulated and cost advantages consolidated.
The increase of 2.1 per cent over the same period ($5221 million) is mainly due to the increase in the sales and management costs of the company as a result of higher sales of oil and gas, with sales and management costs of $1.91 per barrel equivalent in the first half of the year, a decrease of 6.4 per cent over the same period ($2.04 per barrel equivalent).
During the last six months, the company insisted on the search for large and medium-sized oil and gas fields, and continued to step up its exploration efforts and achieve good results, thus strengthening the oil and gas storage base. Five new discoveries were made in China’s maritime area.
S148,052407001 South, and successfully evaluated 18 oil- and gas-bearing structures. At the same time, a major breakthrough was achieved in the area of exploration for the first degenerated rock submersible in the South China Sea.
The oil contract for the Block7 block in Iraq and the oil contract for the zhyyyoi block in Kazakhstan were signed and entered into force during the period.
In the second half of the year, the company will focus on value exploration, focusing on focal areas, and will continue to consolidate the resource base of the increased production reserves.
At the same time, the company is actively promoting a green transformation through clean production measures such as sea ccus, torch gas recovery, steady generation of electricity from offshore floating wind and new energy operations with substantial profitability predictions and ratings: we value the company's high storage space and cost-control capabilities.
With stability of performance and higher production expectations, we predict the risks arising from the company ' s maintenance of parent fluctuations for the period 2025-2027: (3) the risk of exchange rate fluctuations and exchange controls: (4) the risk of forward judgement and actual deviations from oil and gas prices.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and prosperity, China Sea Oil (600938.sh): The fall in oil prices, the cost advantage and the increase in reserves underscore resilience.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Mauwengu, covers mainly research in the fields of energy, electricity and utilities.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh): The fall in oil prices is obvious, the cost advantage and the increase in storage highlights resilience and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.