On the evening of 27 August 2025, China Sea Oil released its semi-annual report for 2025.
Corporate performance as a whole met expectations and was affected by the fall in the oil price hub, with corporate profits falling in the first half of the year compared to \triangleright, but companies still performed better in terms of price differentials and volume increases.
At the end of the price, the company continued to narrow the price of oil and the sale of natural gas. 25h1 \triangleright achieved an oil price of $69/bpb with a discount price of about $1/bbb compared to the tar (the discount was for the same period the previous year).
$3/b), of which the company achieved a price of $66 per barrel per quarter for the 02nd season, reduced the discount to about $0.50 per barrel. The 02 company achieved a gas price of $8/km3 and a ring-to-coated yield, with a significant increase in natural gas production. The 25h1 company produced oil and gas, respectively.
296.1, 88.5 million barrels equivalent, + 4 per cent and +12 per cent respectively. Of these, q2 oils and gas production points are equal to 150.6 million barrels equivalent, 45.2 million barrels equivalent, with growth in the same ring ratio, and natural gas growth performance is remarkable, mainly from the contribution of the full-scale production of Deep Sea I II. Overseas growth points in the second half of the year.
Mostly from Guyana, the Yelllowtail, the Brazilian Mero4 project, among others. In addition, the company's reserves have been harvested at home and abroad, including oil and gas exploration and production cooperation in the Zhyyyoi block of Kazakhstan, a contract for the division of products in the Indonesian exploration block, and a breakthrough in the exploration of degenerated rock in the South Sea.
At the cost end, the advantage of low barrel oil continues to be consolidated. h1 company costs $26.94 per barrel (almost equal to \triangleright q1), and continues to have a low-cost competitive advantage over the same period last year - $0.8 per barrel.
Annual corporate budget expenditure has remained stable at 125-1350 billion yuan, and structural exploration and production expenditure as a share of the profit forecast and investment rating: we forecast the company ' s net return profit for \triangleright in 2025-2027, respectively
8.97, 8.66 and 8.17 times the price of the inventory, h shares of the price of the inventory, etc., cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The company is expected to continue to perform well for the period 2025-2027, where there is still room for restoration of the h-value valuation, and where I maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's a-and-h-stocks, as I do, in Gold No. 127, in Beijing's west-city district.
(b) Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; not as fast as the company would expect; \triangleright
Economic sanctions and geopolitical risks: Dr. Zhoming, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the 30-member Forum on the Coal Economy of China, member of the China Society of Geology, Mines and Economics, member of the pool of experts of China ' s International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Price Select Committee, formerly China ' s coal industry
Deputy Director (Chair) of the Association's Industry Advisory Service, for more than a decade, for research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Programme, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations, June 2016, with the Credit Certificate Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the coal industry, since 2019, for research on large energy plates, and the current Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research and development
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Xinnan Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.