Lower oil prices are delaying performance by increasing the reserves of the reservoirs to protect the river - China Sea Oil (600938.sh) incident evaluation report, China Sea Oils released its semi-annual performance report for 2025: company in the first half of 2025
Achieving gross operating income of $20.7608 billion, a decrease of 8.45 per cent over the same period; achieving a fall in oil prices for the parent gaomq@cfsc.com.cn
China ' s oil industry is one of the world ' s largest independent oil and gas exploration and development companies. In the first half of 2025, oil prices went down, and the company ' s oil and gas sales generated an operating income of $17,745 million.
The Division continued to increase its production up and offset the negative effects of lower oil prices by increasing sales. 2025 The net corporate output of oil and gas in the first half of the year amounted to 385 million barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period, with a significant increase of 12.0 per cent in natural gas production and a continuing positive share of oil and gas production.
Easy, the supply and demand of the global energy market is easing, leading to trade transactions and prices. China Sea Oil (600938); Both oil and gas production are being suppressed, and the fall in oil prices has further reduced the profitability of trade operations.
Double increase in volume and reserves, with continuing cost reductions " , China Sea Oil (600938), q3 with steady cost reductions, and significant efficiency gains in cash flow management
In the first half of the year, the company’s sales and management costs amounted to RMB 5,329 million.
Cost increases. With respect to cash flows, the company ' s operations in the first half of 2025 resulted from a decrease in cash inflows for oil and gas sales as a result of the decline in international oil prices; net cash outflows from investment activity amounted to RMB 73,783 million, a decrease in comparison.
The dollar, a 26.0 per cent decrease over the same period, is due mainly to lower cash payments on current-period debt service payments. Overall, while the decline in international oil prices has had an impact on operating cash flow, companies have effectively mitigated it by optimizing investment and financing strategies
The challenge of a robust growth in reserves, a rapid transformation of new energy sources, a corporate focus on the oil and gas major industry, through increased storage on a solid resource base, efficiency gains driven by science, technology and innovation, and a positive push for a green transformation that continues to deepen.
In the area of exploration, the company acquired five new discoveries in the maritime areas of China, successfully evaluated several large and medium-sized structures, and there was a steady increase in non-conventional air reserves on land. The overseas layout was further expanded to Guyana ' s deep water and deep water.
In terms of technology and digitization, companies break key technologies such as geophysical exploration and oil storage and fine-water irrigation, promoting the application of the "ai+" landscape and the construction of a plant capable of creating intellectuals. At the same time, companies actively promote green transformations and practice the sea.
Cleaner production measures, such as cos, torch gas recovery, offshore floating wind power projects, steady power generation, and substantial progress in new energy operations, companies actively increasing production and expanding resource-protected rivers. Companies accumulate oil
Gas reserves will gradually be converted into production advantages and released in the follow-up oil price recovery cycle The price of oil will decline significantly; new projects will fall short of expectations; annual production will fall short of expectations; uncertainties regarding net gains from fair price changes; and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.