The undervalued ship power taps are basically directed towards China's power drive on the 15th of July 2018.
China Power (600482) incident assessment company is the absolute leader in the field of ship power, providing steam power, gas power, full power power, and nuclear power for military ships, submarines, military auxiliaries, civilian ships. There are institutions (trusts) that, after the recent break-up of their funds, have forced silos and triggered chain reactions and wind effects.
The current value is 23 times higher, and is seriously underestimated for the company’s core technology, which has a high rate of nationalization; the gas turbines are now 99% nationalized; and the 30mw gas turbines, developed with a wide range of power, are the sole owner of domestic ships.
Intellectual property rights and engineering applications for gas turbines, and small orders from the gas pipelines market, are currently under development for ships, ships, and industrial 40mw gas turbines. The company has been tasked with the development of all power propulsion units in service in our Navy and under study.
The maximum tonnage of adequately equipped ships has reached 100,000 tons, or 98% of the current fleet, and will be available for all types of ships on the market as a result of future technological upgrades. Companies now hold 70% of the market for civilian power propulsion systems and 90% for military power propulsion systems.
The heavy wood workers are the country's largest medium-sized, high-speed power diesel-powered industry and diesel-powered generators. The products of the company are also widely used in a variety of areas, such as military ship hosts, civilian ship owners and nuclear emergency generators, with a Māori rate of 26-27 per cent for wood products; Heavytooth companies have always maintained a country in terms of high-precision hard-tooth gear design manufacturing technology, high- and low-speed heavy-gas gear system design manufacturing technology.
The companies themselves are profitable, but because of business problems they are highly indebted, the M&As have strengthened their management, while debt transfers have led to a significant reduction in their financial costs, and heavy wood workers are expected to return to their mothers ' net profit of 205 million this year and 157 million in 2019; and they are expected to return to their mothers ' net profit of 162 million this year and their mother ' s return in 2019.
\triangleright, with the exception of some medium-speed operations in the south, the military ship power system is on the company side. The rapid growth of military operations can be sustained to the bottom ten, with 50% of the remaining power and assets, and will continue to be injected into China at a later stage until industrialization has matured; it is currently being constructed as a research project.
New technologies, new products incubation, and good cooperative mechanisms for China’s industrial power. The East’s financial and intellectual booms are not high, and the number of private boats has recovered.
\triangleright, in terms of the composition of the company's revenue, only 20% of the revenue comes from civilian ship-related operations, 20% from military-ship operations, and the balance of the majority of the revenue is non-sealing civilian operations (e.g., sails, gas turbines, etc.). The company's civilian-ship business increased by 20% last year's orders, and the ship increased by 20%.
The average performance of the company in the first quarter of 2018 was due mainly to the fact that military contracts were not fully re-signed; the semi-annual performance forecast in 2018 was based on the fact that military contracts were not fully in place.
It's going to return to normal growth.
The research assistant's profile is in the direction of high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies