China Dynamics (600482) reported in 2018 that the industrial chain is constantly being optimized and civil-military coordination is advancing steadily
Incident: Half-yearly, 2018, the company achieved operating revenue of $11,968 million, which is a significant increase compared to \triangleright ' s internal integration and a remarkable performance in diesel power operations.
The share of income was 16.43%, the share of income from non-ship sales was 63.51%, and the share of non-ship operations was 20.05%; the share of non-ship operations in revenue collection was significantly higher, and the share of non-ship operations in public goods was strongly supported by the company’s rapid growth in future performance.
Out, the integration of low-speed diesel engines has shown remarkable success, with China ' s fuel and fuelwood increasing significantly in the production capacity, research and development capacity and market share of low-speed diesel engines, with a 29 per cent share in the domestic market for diesel products, a nearly 6 percentage point increase in the pre-integration period and a 35 per cent increase in the market for power.
Low-speed diesel engines account for 40-45 per cent of the domestic market for low-speed machines. High-speed internal combustion engines (diesel, gas) are the world ' s leading in terms of technology and wide range of product applications, with high-speed diesel engines accounting for more than 90 per cent of the market share of our naval surface ships and having access to them.
High market occupancy rates, the gradual development of the field of applications by military auxiliary vessels to priority models, main battleships, and the provision of technical support and strong security for our maritime power strategy.
The development of four pillars of a strategy for the development of non-ship civilian operations, represented by chemical power operations, gas power operations, integrated power operations, marine nuclear power operations, etc.
Half-yearly revenues of $5,045 million were realized, representing an increase of 44.31 per cent, or 42.15 per cent of the company’s total revenues.In the first half of 2018, by means of product technology upgrading and marketing, after-sales services, windboats achieved a 10 per cent increase in industrial battery revenues, and market occupancy rates entered the first group of enterprises.
In the future, strong momentum is expected to continue. Figure 1: Companies reporting semi-annual operating revenues (millions of dollars) and growth (%): Companies reporting semi-annual net returns to their mothers (billions) and growth (%)
Avic.