9 days in China (301269.sz) annual report review 2023 and one quarter review 2024
The net profit of \triangleright was $64 million, an increase of 102.02 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, operating income was $371 million in the fourth quarter, operating income was $213 million in the first quarter, an increase of 33.59 per cent over the same period; the net income attributable to the parent company owner was net.
The profit is $0.08 billion, a 63.75 per cent decrease in the same year; the income structure for non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the parent company continues to be optimized and the share of eda business increased.
905 million yuan, an increase of 33.56 per cent over the same period, from 84.90 per cent in the current period to 89.56 per cent in the same period last year, making a major contribution to the growth of the current period; and 82 million yuan in technology development services, a constant increase in demand, an increase of 33.59 per cent in income over the same period, with company personnel growth and equity incentives affecting short-term costs.
Song Xiaodong \triangleright increased by 40.72%, and R & D technicians accounted for 76% of the total number of employees.
Software such as the roll-out of the full-flowed eda tool system for storage circuit design and the full-flowed eda tool system for radio frequency circuit design, the principles/program editing tool aether, the circuit imitation tool alps, the physical validation tool argusdrc/lvs are all certified by international standards to support the highest-level asild level of vehicle safety integrity
Other chip designs. 2) The company's new launch of the compound radio frequency circuit design platform aethermw, Logic Integration 1. 9 days in China (301269.sz) reported mid-2023: tool apexsyn, flatbed parameter extraction tool rcexloerfpdtp peaceboard displays circuit setting
The measurement tool aetherfpd continues to optimize the eda product matrix to provide a process-wide technology solution for clients. Industry leads are strong and provide multi-platform solutions.
One-stop complete solution from design to validation, eda tool software products and related services are widely available
Client recognition, establishment of good business relations with major integrated circuit design firms, crystal-crystal manufacturing enterprises, seal companies, flat-bed factories, q3 performance growth, eda taps to accelerate national product turnover, and client stabilization and deepening through continuous technological optimization and product rotation
By the end of 2023, the company had more than 600 domestic and foreign customers, and produced high-quality products for the company.
Investment proposal: considering the increase in the cost of corporate equity incentives, we adjust the company ' s profit forecast, projected for \triangleright
The tool categories are gradually completed and the “recommended” ratings are maintained. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.