Simulation/storage/radio frequency/plate display of circuit design eda full-flow tool continued for nine days.
Power. The company has now achieved coverage of the full-flow tool design: 1) modelling in the area of analogue circuit design, storage circuit design, radio frequency circuit design and peaceful board displaying circuit design as the only system in the country that can provide the full-flowed eda system for analogue circuit design.
The home-grown eda enterprise, the company's analogue circuit design full-flowedda tool system package, which includes the principles editing tool, layout editing tool, circuit simulation tool, physical validation tool, parasitic parameter extraction tool and reliability analysis tool, etc., provides users with access to the circuit.
(ii) For storage, 23 years, the company has introduced a new, fully customised storage circuit design for storage features Design a full floweda tool system that includes storage circuit schematics editing tools,
Storage of circuit layout editing tools, circuit simulation tools, storage of circuit rapid simulation tools, storage of circuit physics authentication tools, storage of circuit sender parameter extraction tools and storage of circuit reliability analysis tools, etc., which provide users with circuit-to-charting, design-to-validation tools
One-stop complete solution. 3) For radio frequency, the silicon-based process radio frequency circuits are built throughout the process.
During the reporting period, the company introduced a new full flow-eda tool system for the design of radio frequency circuits for compounds, with a maximum/minimum price within 52 weeks, resulting in a complete full flow-eda tool system for the design of radio frequency circuits.
Over the 23-year reporting period, the company launched a new sender parameter extraction tool, rcexplofpdtp, and an upgraded tablet display circuit design, China Electronics Ltd.
The digital circuit design eda full-flow tool coverage is increasing. The company's digital circuit design eda tool provides a key solution for parts of the digital circuit design.
Case, including, in particular, typographical extraction tools for the repository, storage circuit typographic extraction tools, typographic extraction tools for mixed signal modules, tactile/ip quality verification tools, logical integration tools, time-sequencing optimization tools, high accuracy time-sequencing analysis tools,
Clock quality review and analysis tools, graphic integration and analysis tools, large-scale digital physics validation and large-scale digital parasitic parameter extraction tools. During the 23-year reporting period, the company launched a new logical integration tool, apaexsyn, designed from rtl to door-level networks.
Automatic integration of tables, scanning of chain circuit insertions, and optimization of design performance, size and utility. At the same time, the tool supports multiple logicware design components, making the tool more user-friendly and improving the quality of the results of intensive data circuit design.
In the 23-year reporting period, the qualib qualib was awarded international standard certification certificates for iso2662tcl3 and iec615008t2 to support chip designs with maximum level asild for vehicle safety integrity standards.
The crystal circle manufacturing/advanced encapsulation of eda as an alternative target for process-wide national production remains unchanged. At present...the company has developed several solutions in several sub-sectors of eda, including a pdk package development programme, a standard module library and a complete tool chain for sram, among others.
The support programme, the photo masks data preparation and analysis validation programme, the physical rules validation and the manufacturing inspection programme, among others, provided important tools and technical support for the crystal circle manufacturing plant. 23 years of reporting period, the company launched a new photo masks data processing and validation analysis level.
Five tools, such as desktop goldmask, parameterized graphics module development tool pcm, interface-based graphics module development tool plm, test chip automatic map generation tool tpm, and pdk automated development and validation platform pbq. In advanced envelope layout design, you need to use
Processing a large number of high-density 1/0 (input/output) tube feet, which makes traditional manual cabling time-consuming and seriously impairs design efficiency. The company’s state-of-the-art wrapperstom supports the industry’s mainstream advanced silicon-based processes and organic rdl (redistrition)
Autonomous R & D + Co-development + Merger Integration to accelerate process layout and core technology
By the end of 23, the company ' s R & D workforce stood at 76% of the total, and the research company will continue to increase its R & D investment, accelerate the pace of technological innovation and enhance the competitiveness of the product market to achieve short-, medium- and long-term goals. 1) Short-term objective: focus on integrated circuit design and crystals.
A short product board for the core eda tool for circular manufacturing, while strengthening the capability of pre-process support for existing tools. Further development of core technology such as design, simulation, certification, full process coverage of integrated circuit design tools, crystal-crys manufacturing and sealing in collaboration with industry.
Core tool coverage, with some products reaching international leadership; 2) Medium-term target: completion of integrated circuit design tool system development and market diffusion, full implementation of design-type tools National product substitution, with more products reaching international leadership.
(c) Long-term objectives: Full nationalization of the eda tool in the area of integrated circuit design, manufacturing and containment, with many products leading the way internationally and leading the global eda.
Risks of technological innovation, product upgrading, loss or shortage of skilled personnel, risks of changes in production policies, market competition risks, risks of friction in international trade, data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.