E.C.E. (002600) Reported performance as expected, light-loaded back to growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: companies disclosed mid-2020 performance, 2020h1 revenue of $11.94 billion, an increase of 24.5 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $630 million, a decrease of 43.4 per cent over the same year, at the median level of the medium-reported performance forecast, 2020h1 performance met expectations, core business class benefits technology grew steadily, and Eastern colours were reversed.
The net operating profit of 2020h1 was $670 million, at the median level of the medium-reported performance forecast, and was in line with expectations; of this, the benefit of technology business grew steadily, with a net operating profit of $920 million, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period; and the performance of the East was increased during the reporting period, with significant cost-control effects, with a reversal of losses and a net operational gain.
• Multi-business q3 performance is expected to improve again. By 2020, H1 subsidiary Sai Kang was affected by the Indian epidemic, the start-up rate was insufficient, and work is now well under way, with q3 operations in progress.
It is expected that the recovery will be sustained: Eastern Colors reporting period has been reversed and q3 are expected to contribute further performance improvements; corporate core business owners will increase their share in the Apple supply chain, iphone guides will grow robustly in new feeder numbers and airpodspro will continue to grow high, and the overall benefits of technology performance will remain high.
• Focusing on core products, optimizing product structures, building platform-based smart manufacturing companies. Companies are less likely to be associated with and synergized with long-term strategic development, focus on core products, de-disposal of disposal and home business.
During the reporting period, the disposal of the subsidiary Kim Il Mote was completed, and the registration of business changes related to the transfer of shares in the Imperial Crystal Electric and gyrograms High Branch had been completed as of the date of the Central Report. At the same time, the company proceeded to the upstream layout of the nanocrystal material, downstream to complete the acquisition of the Selcon Enhancement Module, enhanced integration of the business plans, and production.
The company completes a 3 billion-dollar incremental project, is well-funded and is expected to continue to improve its competitiveness. The company has completed a 3-billion-up project, raising funds mainly to boost-car motors, power plugs, wireless power supply, etc.
Products such as radiator tubes, which further enrich the product categories of the company, horizontally extend automobiles, home appliances, etc. Project completion will further enhance the company’s performance.
Extensions, industrial chain layouts are gradually improving, and synergies are gradually increasing, providing a one-stop solution for clients, won, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating, and a deferred order risk; and goodwill impairment risk.
One company is a leading consumer consumer electronics company. The company’s current products are electronic components, mobile phones, computer accessories, etc.
The company’s vision of “a sophisticated and intelligent enterprise with a modern management philosophy, sustained excellence, and global leadership.” The company’s business structure: the company’s main business is now two main clusters: precision functions and structure and chargers.
With the full integration of the business of Selcon, the charger section is expected to continue to contribute to the growth of the collection, which is expected to increase further. The company’s precision functions and structure services are the company’s main contribution to Māori, which reached 82% in 2019.
Billions of dollars, with rapid growth. The period was marked by a significant loss of net profit to the mother in 2018, mainly in the trade of shelled assets, and a significant impairment of goodwill and fixed assets by the company. The 2020h1 net profit fell, mainly because of the disease, which led to a cut in work in Krycon: 2) the commitment to compensate for the failure of the East’s bright colour performance) and the loss of disposal by other subsidiaries.
Impact. Corporate shell assets are disposed of and focused on core business, which will be light-loaded back to growth from 2020q3. Scenario 1: Consider the increased volume of single machine value of sophisticated functionality and order orders from beneficiary clients of the structural piece of business section, taking into account scenario 2: We expect the electrical chargers to grow in 2020 and will continue to grow steadily.
We believe that, as the company’s business is integrated, the company’s trade and logistics business plate and the display and contact module module module will be removed from the company’s performance. Materials and other business sections will remain at a stable level.
We've chosen the same sophisticated, bluesy, Gore shares as comparable companies for sophisticated manufacturing, and we've seen 56 times the current average number of peps in comparable companies, which we think are undervalued. Eighteen times, the net profit from maternity will remain at a compound rate of 33.3% over the next three years.
The business chain layout has gradually improved, and synergies have been strengthened, to provide a one-stop solution for clients, and it is hoped that Novo will develop into any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.