Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
a Client city share has continued to rise, contributing companies have grown robustly, by 43.36 per cent, and the non-performance of the parent is $607 million, or 9.7 per cent, in line with expectations.a The significant decline in the return performance of the parent company h1 in 2020 was largely due to the failure of the subsidiary to fulfil its performance commitments.
Compensating for the impact of stock price fluctuations, which resulted in a loss of $200 million in fair value changes in the current period, prior-period gains in technology: a customer market increase contributed to robust growth.
Science and technology generated 7,817 million yuan, an increase of 36.19 per cent, and net operating profits of 921 million yuan, an increase of 5.92 per cent. We believe that a client has promoted the growth of iphone Chinese sales through the introduction of se2 and the promotion of electricity vendors, and that, according to cinnorearch, the share of h1 apples in China in 2020 was 11.8 per cent.
This is an increase of 3.4 pct compared to the same period last year; in addition to the build-up of the aerpods, higher demand for computers, and rapid growth in the earnings of the Section. Selcon: short-term delays in performance, long-term help company business expansion.
For 818 million yuan, net profit of 129 million yuan, affected by domestic and foreign epidemics, the overall recovery rate is low, resulting in a temporary loss of Salcon’s performance. In the short term, considering the new iphone 12 or the removal of random appliance chargers, it is expected that Selcon’s performance will be under pressure in 2020; in the long term, we believe that it will be accepted.
The acquisition of Selcon has enabled the company to acquire smt, fatp, complete the whole industry chain integration from materials to precision zero components to modules to system assembly. Continue to strengthen the consolidation of shell assets and move away from the negative impact of shell assets. 1) Through a series of integrations, costs.
Control, with a profit of $30 million in operating net profit from the bright bright bright red in 2020.) To focus on core business, company h1 has succeeded in displacing the Helming Light Power and gyrograms.
Liu Yeon-seok, Deng Xiao Lu, an analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment