• There has been a significant increase in the growth of the technology portfolio, which has grown before growing throughout the year. Corporate performance in general has been hampered by changes in non-operational fair values, but operating performance has been consistent with the low-income period, which has also been accompanied by price reductions for clients, and positive growth has been achieved, highlighting the company's performance.
Cost controls. 2) Selcon's business performance has been slightly delayed. We believe that, as a result of the Indian epidemic, the first half of Selcon's work began less than expected, but it is now well under way, and the losses in the second half of the year are expected to be reduced. Selcon is a delay in the grouping of corporate models.
In addition to following up on the development of fast-loaded products for more large clients, and the doubling of the rate of Maori, Selkon is expected to benefit further if a client is released with wireless chargers. 3) East is losing $32.8 million in net profits in the first half of the year, and the East is expected to be a beneficiary this year.
The company’s profits have traditionally been low in the first half of the year, followed by the release of iphones2 and 5g iphones, and the growth of corporate large clients’ orders throughout the year.
Looking to the future, a new round of high growth with intellectual talent has determined that \triangleright airpods continue to grow high, national opportunities accelerate expansion, salcomp is further integrated, and technology itself is expected to perform well.
Short-term benefits aerpods, which benefit the second half of the year, add up the share of home-grown customers. Long term, the target of the extended conglomerate model is clear, companies move from model to model, integrate upstream materials and cut down into downstream modules, billions, follow from small pieces to materials to modules and assembly extensions, and market space opens up further, with wide scope for long-term growth.
“Recommended” ratings were underestimated by the company for its performance (002600).
2. "Intelligent: Small Dragons " , " Streaking Group " , hundreds of millions of markets have soared, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and won the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.