The technology portfolio has continued to grow, growing back and forth throughout the year, and corporate performance has been hampered by changes in non-operational fair values, but business performance has been expected. We believe that it is mainly due to the February epidemic, but the company has responded well and has returned to full production in March.
In the second quarter, while the major customer's cell phone business was still falling in line with the client's price reduction, the technology portfolio is still growing, highlighting the company's ability to control costs. In addition, the subsidiary Selcon has a slight drag on business performance, and the unit's trend is compared to the depth of 300.
Mainly the impact of the Indian epidemic, the first half of Selcon began with less than expected, but the work is now well under way, and the second half of the year is expected to make a positive contribution. The year-round growth of the airpodspro is high, the year-round output of the Pro is expected, the benefits are now fully available as a core supplier, and the company has historically earned a full share of its profits in the first half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic is even smaller throughout the year. Following the release of iphonese2 and the 5g version of iphone, the company’s big clients’ orders are growing year-round.
In the first quarter of the year, there was a sharp contraction of the same level of loss for Eastern colours and gyromographic magnets, and in the second quarter, 30-38 million profits were realized in the first half of the year, a significant increase of 123-129%. Intra-firm integration demonstrated management capacity. It is expected that the production of East glimmer beneficiaries will continue to be profitable throughout the year.
Selkon works together to create a high-growth river pollen. Looking to the future. A new round of high-growth talent is determined. \triangleright
Airpods continue to explode, national production speeds up, salcomp is well integrated, and the technology itself is expected to perform well. Short-term benefits are airpods, and the next half of the year benefits iphone switching cycles add up the share of national production clients. In the long run, the focus of the extended target is clear, companies start with models, integrate upstream materials and cut down into downstream modules.
What's the size of the available business layout space?
The company is now focusing on three major plates: wireless charge, radiative module, motor. 1) Wire charged is now a stretcher, with hundreds of millions of market wings flying, flag-ship modeling, and accelerating mid- and low-end machine penetration, with both increases in charge power and reductions in heat.
2. The problem of pain spots (002600) has been gradually resolved. The launch end of the next year may become an in-box tag, which is expected to further ignite wireless charging, and we expect the overall market space for wireless charging to reach $15 billion by 2024; 2) dispersive heat module: radio frequency in the 5g era
Performance forecast: With the increase in power consumption at the end of the year after a low level before the quarter, and with the increase in wireless charging power, the overall heat of the cell phone has increased and the demand for radiant heat has multiplied, it is expected that in 2023 5 billion radiative module requirements will be added to the 5g mobile phone, adding up to 4g of the stock, and that the radiating market space will be overdone.
10 billion:3 billion motor structures: 94.4 million cars worldwide in 2019, according to which motor structures are estimated to have a market capacity of about 3 billion. We expect the market space for motor structures to be 31.8 billion yuan in 2022, and the cagr in 2019-2022 to be 22.47%.
The market space for cellular linear motors is expected to be $22.8 billion in 2022. Overall, the market space for existing product packages is nearly $500 billion.
\triangleright, we firmly believe that the consumer electronic platform company has emerged, that the company has walked on two legs, moving from the upper to the middle module area for the last three years, and using the gyromagne as a platform to integrate upstream materials and complete the process.
In the long run, companies are expected to start working on products around large clients, gradually targeting leading consumer electronics companies, and the market for the benefits will be 10 billion small pieces + 100 billion modules and materials + trillion + milligrams of surrogates.
The company took the lead in the era of masonry and metal miniatures, and we think it has three core competitivenesss: "Smart effect plus cost-control plus business relationship." 1) The scale effect, which is now in its absolute vanguard position, the scale effect is wide enough to protect the city's river, and any new competitor will need at least three years to grow to the current size of the profits.
Loss of time; 2) Cost containment. Small business models, although naturally better than appearance, have hundreds of small pieces inside of an iPhone, requiring sufficient business interface and cost containment capacity on the part of the manufacturer. Any failure on the feed, as well as leakage in the fine management of the material, will have a significant impact on the rate and on the Māori ratio, which has benefited in the past from the small amount of material
The Māori rate of 25 per cent is enough to prove its own ability to control its costs; 3) business relationships, which depend heavily on its own strengths, and the horizontal extension of its benefits, even downstream, must necessarily require a business relationship with large clients, which we firmly believe is very similar to the start of the 16th year, all of which are in business with large clients.
It's the key point of the breakthrough, with apples buying Selcon, and the positive price reduction of the second quarter of this year, that in the future we'll see big clients supporting more of the products, and that the benefits go from upstream parts to the modules, with their own technological build-up of the parts, showing hands and hands in the field of the modules.
We believe that within the market value of $50 billion, the personal thinking of corporate leaders is very important if they are to become a 100 billion market value company.
There is also a need for a group of excellent middle-level leaders, one who is extremely diligent, with strategic decision-making in place, and the other who are mostly from Taiwan's front-line consumer electronics background, and who, in our view, are very hard-working leaders, and who are equally well-versed, with management experience from good management.
We think that the company underestimates and gives a “recommend” rating. Wang Fang, the head of the electronics industry, worked for the Eastern Securities Corporation, the First Market Private Equity Investment Corporation, and won the Chinese University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.