Chemical q2 performance exceeded expectations, medium-term growth was strong, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
RMB, 40.3% growth in the same year, 10.2% in the ring, $2.01 billion net return to the mother, stable and finely refined products. The second quarter has benefited from the high profile of the product, while stepping up market openings and in-house drilling, with a marked improvement in business performance.
In addition, the company's 20,000-ton/year-old polyethylene macarat (mpe) was successfully tested in July and became the country's first company to produce turbo-metal products in the dual-environmental hdpe process. The differentiated product is worth a new round of capital spending start-up, and the production of vinyl hydrocarbons and cokers has been scaled up. The company has a number of ongoing construction projects, the acetylene formula.
On the other hand, the three-phased 500,000 tonnes/year-oldene hydrocarbons project and the 500,000 tonnes/by-product c2-c5 broths project started at Ningdong base, while 200,000 tonnes/year-old styrene and eps projects are being pre-evaluated. The company launched the off-site expansion program, which plans to build the world’s largest 4x1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project in Eldos.
Intramón projects will be more cost-effective in terms of the wealth of coal resources and more advanced processes in the country. In the case of coke, the company is expected to fill the gap left by coal production by the end of the year by completing a 3 million-ton/year coal co-carrying multi-production project.
In response to the “carbon neutralization” strategy, the layout of the “green hydrogen” emission reduction increases. The company builds the largest global integrated solar-powered hydro-hydrogen project, using the model “new energy generation + electrolytic systems for green hydro-green oxygen for coal-chemicals”, with 160 million metrics/year of hydrogen production, 80 million metrics/year of oxygen, and 60 million metrics/year of oxygen for coal-chemicals.
The current phase, which was put into operation in February of this year, has been successfully used in the production of acetylene, and the combined costs are currently being controlled at $1.34/nm3. It is expected to drop to 0.70/nm3 in the near future.
RMB, 16 times more than the average pero company in 2021, taking into account the company ' s coal-based node status and the ongoing construction of a coal Quito joint cycle economic pole, 1.1 builds a chain of coal-based cycle economic industries based on Ningdong
Ningxia Bo-Fung Energy Group Ltd. was founded in 2005 at the Ning Sha Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, located in the heart of China's energy source chemical industry, the Golden Triangle. The company built a 14000 acre of new high-end coal-based materials-cycle industrial park, which runs the "coal-carrying-gas-methanol-crysol-cylene-cylene-cylene-cylene--" industry, based on the rich coal resources of the Tonindong base.
Polyethylene/polypropylene - Fine Chemical “a whole industry chain that achieves the separation, gradation, and full utilization of coal resources are the poles of the Coal Quito Co-operative Economy Model. Equity structure: The Bono Group is the controlling shareholder of the company, with 35.57% of the shareholding, and Mr. Janbao of the Party is the company at present.
International controller and chairman, who holds 7.53% of the company ' s shares directly and 62.84% indirectly through the Bo Fung Group and Dong Yi International, holds a total of 70.37% of the company ' s shares. There are eight subsidiaries operating under the company ' s umbrella, covering the entire industry chain of coal industry, of which Bo Fung of Inner Mongolia, established in July 2020 in Uldos City of Inner Mongolia, will be the flag of the future development of the company.
The company began its work with coal selection and cokering, the main products of which were coke and pure benzene and modified asphalt produced by the re-processing of kerosene. In 2013, the company acquired environmental protection and increased the production of methanol in the furnaces, leading to an increase in the main products.
In June 2020, the company's fund-raising project entitled “Carocarbon gas for 600,000 tonnes/year” became fully operational, doubling the production capacity of polyolefins.
Operational structure: The company has its own coal mine in the Toto Park, set up a pit factory, which has now formed three main industrial chains of coke, aromatic hydrocarbons, and fine chemical products:
Medium coal, coal sludge, and pebbles: calcium is produced by the coker process and by-product furnace gas, after blending in a certain proportion of the self-produced fine coal with the extra fine coal. The combustion of coal, pecolite, and pebbles is an energy source for power projects. The industrial chain of the acetylene products: caramel gas + coal gas hydrazol polyethylene, polypropene by-product.
Fever gas, crude synthetic gas produced after powder coal, powdered gas, purified, converted to a net furnace gas, a net synthetic gas, mixed with the characteristics of less hydrogen and less synthetic gas gas, and manufactured methanol through synthetic processes. methanol produces acetylene hydrocarbons through the dmto process; it separates, aggregates, produces polyethylenes and polypropenes, while producing carbon by-products.
Precision industrial chains: kerosene, crude benzene, carbon-trichlorochemical products.
Production of fine chemical products such as mtbe (methyl tertyl ether), 1-butylene and heavy carbon: heavy carbon with deep processing, production of mtbe 4 million tonnes/year, polyethylene (pe), polypropylene (pp) of 600,000 tonnes/year and 780,000 tonnes/year of refined chemical products, with high yields of pure benzene, modified asphalt and mtbe in refined chemical products.
The launch of the Gasification 600,000 tonnes/Old AFO project and the pilot production of the Red 4 Coal in October 2020 contributed 2.1 million tonnes/year, 2.2 million tonnes/year and 600,000 tonnes/year to the company's primary coal, methanol and polyolefin production capacity on the basis of 2019 The company continues to expand the cost advantage of its capacity deepening, and there are a number of ongoing construction or construction projects covering coal, hydrocarbons, caramelization and caramel.
Hydrogen energy plates, growing patterns over the next three to five years, are largely well established. Pilot production is under way, and the corresponding coal-selection plants are under construction; the company has acquired mining rights for the sweet water river coal mine through a public listing deal, which will be developed with the company’s Ding family coal mine, with a combined size of 900,000 tonnes/year, and is awaiting acquisition.
In September 2020, the company began construction of a three-phase project for 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons in Ningdongji, while a project for 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 integrated use of acrylic hydrocarbons is expected to be completed by 2023. Of this, the 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project contains 250,000 tonnes/year of production.
Yes, eva has heat insulation, heat protection, earthquake resistance, non-sort water, etc., and is widely used in the fields of photovoltaic film, foaming materials, cable cables, thermal molten glue. Demand has grown significantly in recent years as the high-technology industries such as photovoltaic, cable, coatings, etc., have developed rapidly, and the current capacity gap in the country’s capacity is large, with external capacity up to 60%. The company’s 250,000 tonnes/year device will be released after delivery and will be brushed.
The new Western region has a single-scale record to further enhance corporate-scale and high-end core competitiveness. The 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 integrated use of acrylic hydrocarbons project is based on corporate coal-based products such as c2-c5 and methane by-products, which are recycled for fission, “transformation” in the production of high-end polycylene products, further optimizing resource use and upgrading production.
The construction of 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-product projects, one of the largest independent co-carrying enterprises in the country, is expected to fill the gap left by the industry following the phase-out of backward capacity. The company began construction of 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-products in May 2020.
The project, which will build a 6.25-metre large-scale fixer furnace, will have the advantages of capital investment, high production efficiency, and low environmental pollution, and will be consistent with industry trends. In addition, the project will be supported by a high-end differential product, needle-like focal, which will be used mainly for the preparation of high-power graphite electrode and lithium cell negative arctic materials, and will be expected to pull needles in recent years with the rapid development of the country’s lithium electricity.
A second base is located in Mon Ordos, which will be the world’s largest coal-based hydrocarbon project.
Beyond the same campus, the China Sky Coal Project has become the largest coal-based hydrocarbon project in the world. The project is estimated to have invested $67.3 billion, 30% of which comes from company-owned funds and 70% from bank borrowings. By entering into a comprehensive cooperation agreement with industry and industry, companies have secured 20 billion yuan and 30 billion yuan in letters of credit for project implementation.
According to the company's latest disclosure, the project was included in the Master Plan for the Construction of a Model District for the Modern Coal Industry Industry in the City of Ordos, which was approved by the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Development Reform Committee and the Engineering and Information Agency. Of this amount, 2.6 million tonnes/year were approved and 1.4 million tonnes were agreed by the municipality of Ordos to use the city to build a National Model Area for the Modern Coal Industry Industry
The company ' s performance increased rapidly with the release of the production capacity and the coke business landscape. With the launch of the first phase of the production of the hydrocarbon project in 2015, the company ' s income and return to the mother ' s net profit increased by 105.3 per cent to 112.2 per cent on the same basis in 2015.
The momentum has increased without loss, with the return to the mother ' s net profit of RMB 15.93 billion a year, or 17.4 per cent, respectively, benefiting from the recovery in the product landscape and the acceleration of the performance of the firm ' s 2021h1. The company achieved the return to the mother ' s net profit of RMB 10.47 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of RMB 39.2 per cent, and the return to the mother ' s net profit of RMB 3.73 billion, an increase of 78.5 per cent.
A 40.3 per cent increase in the same year, a 10.2 per cent increase in the ring, a net return to the mother of RMB 2.01 billion, a 57.9 per cent increase in the same year, and a significant increase in the ring of the share, mainly due to the launch of the DFO project, with an increase of 62.4 per cent and 62.0 per cent in sales of polypropene throughout the year.
Since 2015, company profitability has continued to improve as a result of an increase in the share of the high Māori rate in the industry and a significant improvement in the rate of Māori for coke products. From 2016 to date, the Māori sales rate has remained above 40%, the net interest rate on sales has been affected to the same extent, and the company ' s profitability has declined slightly from 2018.
Product prices rose, with Māori sales increasing by 6.5 to 51.6 per cent in the first half of the year, and net sales interest rates rose by 6.7 per cent, mainly in the form of financial cost rates, mainly investment funds raised by the company ipo, early repayment of part of the loan, and foreclosure of part of the bond, which reduced interest expenditure by $140 million in 2019 on the same year. With the reduction in corporate debt, the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities continued to fall.
The company maintains a “high turnover” sales policy, and the main product base follows a “first-to-first-good” sales model. The company’s receivables have remained at around $200 million in recent years, with very low turnover days, displaying a strong industrial chain voice. The company’s cash flow is good, accompanied by an increase in sales revenue.
The net operating cash flow has risen steadily and the net present ratio has remained above 85 per cent since 2015, assuming that in the case of HC1, the three-phase 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project and the 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 ICF project were put into production at the end of 2023, with a 100 per cent capacity utilization rate of 2023; 4 x 1 million tonnes/year of coal were not taken into account during the projection period.
Pilot projects for acetylene: 138, 140, 2.4 million tonnes of combined sales for 2021 - 2023, pp, with an average price distribution assumption of 3: The estimated volume of production as a result of refined chemical products, mainly produced by-products of acetylene and caramel, is selected for a comparable valuation, with allochemicals, tiles, glorified petrochemicals, and fine-win energy sources, averaged in 2021 - 2023.
They are 16 times, 15 times, 13 times, taking into account that: 1) the company is the country's coal-based new material tap, and the industrial chain integration is basically established; 3) the solar-powered hydrolysis hydrogen project promotes coalification and the integration of new energy sources, and “green hydrogen” opens the door to a “buy-in” rating.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author know that there are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence with respect to securities evaluated or recommended in this report. If you are not a professional investor in your client’s own company, do not receive, subscribe to or use any of the information in this report.
The information, opinions and assumptions reflect only the firm’s judgement as of the date of publication of the present report that the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report could rise and that past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, opinions and assumptions contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.