Resource and Environmental Research Center Bought energy (first rating) Coal industry double-wheel drive, expanding capacity to fast-track
The company specializes in the coal industry, has a traditional and new dual-line business model for coal-chemicals, and has set up an integrated business platform of “one-to-one-two-line multi-productivity” based on coal raw materials. Through a two-line layout, the company ' s five-year net profit growth rate is 25%, with coke and hydrocarbons contributing more than 90% of the profits.
Over the years, companies have continued to build core competitiveness through multiple dimensions, creating advantages of an integrated scale: one based on geographical location, building positional advantages, obtaining advantages in coal and water resources, and benefiting from preferential income tax rates; and two by rationalizing production links, achieving full use of resources and cost savings and increasing the use of funds.
Efficiency; integration of the industrial chain base, building on state-of-the-art technology, and building synergies; and rapid expansion of production capacity, with sustained reductions in the cost and decay of raw materials through state-of-the-art construction and fine management Further optimization of cost space.
Financial, resource and policy-enhanced barriers to competition in the industry, companies optimize their own patterns to the greatest extent possible, and cost savings and future development space are available: in the case of conventional 600,000-ton devices, more than 3 million tons of coal will be required in one set and 350-400 million yuan in one set, requiring a very strong financial and resource advantage.
In order to form a good competitive basis, and with carbon neutrality and policy demands, energy consumption constraints will increase the barriers to industrial expansion. And companies have seized the opportunity to expand the Ningxia III project on the existing 1.2 million tons of hydrocarbon production base, increasing production capacity by 1 million tons, while at the same time placing 4 million tons of coal in Mongolia.
With the expansion of scale and the use of state-of-the-art technology, the company will gain further room for cost optimization. The coke production capacity will steadily optimize the industry pattern, and the company’s raw materials and size advantages will be highlighted: policy constraints
As a result, the coke production capacity continues, downstream demand is well supported, leading to a substantial improvement in the supply grid and a recovery in the price of the products. The company owns 4 million tons of coke capacity, and is expected to expand 3 million tons of capacity by the end of the year, with an increase in scale, on the one hand, and coal cokering, on the other.
The company will upgrade the existing integrated energy supply in Ningxia Park to generate further cost savings.
The construction of new projects has not progressed as much as expected; the price of products has fluctuated significantly; the price of raw materials has fluctuated significantly; the first phase of the Inner Mongolia 4 million tonnes of AFO project has been approved 2.6 million tonnes and the second phase 1.4 million tonnes is continuing if the policy changes affect the company ' s future new capacity risks.
I. Extension of growth to the new coal industry, construction of the long-term growth base of the company 1.1, gradual development of the coal industry, construction of the growth base of the company ' s dual-line layout, specialization in coal industry, traditional coal industry and new coal industry dual-line layout.
The development of the coal industry has led to a gradual expansion of the coal industry from the traditional coal industry to the new coal industry, which has been accompanied by a parallel expansion of the company’s operations. Starting with the early coal-corrosing business, methanol has gradually been used as a production factor.
At this stage, the company has developed a two-line business that includes traditional and new coal-chemicals. From coal raw materials, a “one-to-one-two-line multi-product” start-up team has been engaged in long-term coal-chemicals, industrial experience and forward-looking new orientations.
Since its establishment, the company has long maintained a high concentration of equity, with the founder of the post-market company, Ying Bo, who holds 70.37% of the company’s shares, either directly or indirectly, and is actually in control of the company. The company was established in 2005 as the first coal-corrosion enterprise to be located at Ningxia’s energy base, as determined by the Ningxia government.
Since its inception, the company has been developing a coal industry project, with an in-depth understanding of coal resources in the surrounding areas, and is expanding its own coal mine resources. After many years of sedimentation, the company has gradually developed a good industrial chain of procurement and product distribution in its original coal cokering business.
On the basis of its traditional business layout, the company, taking into account its own accumulated and capital advantages in the coal industry over the years, has transformed and upgraded the new coal industry, and has built a whole campus at the base.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structures and subsidiary business layouts in an orderly manner develop the layout base and extend the business uplifting space.
Through a structured and phased development, the company has been engaged in the cokering business, the aromatics business and the extension of the industrial chain on this base, thus building an integrated operational platform.
From its inception, the company began to build and sterilize its operations, building a “Economy of the Treasure Energy Cycle” industrial complex at the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base. The company produces coke on the basis of its own coal mine and is expanding its production.
Under conditions of ability, the production of by-product derivatives has been successfully combined with the intensive use of the industry. Phase II, the production of bronze (2013-2016): Extensions to the new coal industry, extension of methanol to the downstream industry. In 2013, company replenishments acquired Dong Yi.
Environmentally, methanol is produced through the recycling of the company ' s boiler gas, and then extends to the layout of the production of the acetylene products. In 2014, the company successfully used methanol as a node for production of the acetylene products, and expanded from traditional to new coal-chemicals, opening up new opportunities for profit.
Phase III: Rapid expansion of production capacity (2016-n): As centrifugation and gasification are combined horizontally, and production capacity is further expanded. During this period, the company continued to expand its coke and aromatics operations and, in 2016, extended the carbon-four processing industry chain to optimize its original production, building on its original cokering operations.
Production efficiency: coupled with the company's active expansion of the production capacity of methanol-vinyl hydrocarbons, the combination of coal gasification and carcinogenization for methanol production, the integrated use of energy, the company's fund-raising to 2020, full production, the company's capacity of 4 million tons of coke, 4 million tons of methanol, 120
The production capacity of tonnes of polyolefins, coupled with the Ningdong 3 Project, the 3 million tonnes Caramel Project, the c2-c5 Integrated Utilization Project and the progressive construction and commissioning of the Inner Mongolia Project, will enter a rapid period of energy release to achieve the company ' s scale development.
Figure 3: The company ' s years of development have evolved through several stages, and the company has rapidly expanded its size, building on the construction of a concentrated, gas-based bi-industry chain, building on regional, project, industrial chain, cost, etc.
The firm’s core strengths. At this stage, the firm relies on the advantages of “volume growth” to build its development base, form the basis of the industrial chain, build on the existing productive capacity and profitability, further expand the layout, value-added products, and enrich the differentiated development orientation of existing products.
1.2. Double-line extension of focal, gasification operations, ongoing multi-project construction, company entry into rapid and long-term business expansion and extension of production lines, and high growth in company performance.
Göring, where the advantages of corporate-scale integration are evident, the coke sales price has remained relatively high throughout the year, the coke industry has recovered and the company's overall performance has increased at a high rate; the polyolefin device for the company's fund-raising project in 2019 became operational, the methanol device for the company's fund-raising project in 2020 became operational, and the company's revenue and profitability became available.
As a result of the development of the first two phases, the company has developed a more solid basis for the cokering, the acetylene industry, and has now developed a two-pillar pattern of cokering, the acetylene industry. In 2020, the company ' s cokering business and the acetylene business accounted for the company as a whole.
• The company ' s primary expansion is accompanied by a larger product layout that deepens the full use of existing industrial chains by-products, further expands the production of fine chemical products, combines the existing landscape of the company with the full use of energy and materials and further strengthens the production of existing products
After more than 10 years of production, the company’s production capacity has been continuously increased, and two phases of the FCS project have gradually resulted in the production of 10,000 tons of refined chemicals, which has become the leading coal industry in the country.
▪ At the same time, the company is constructing 3 million tonnes/year coal co-carrying multi-production projects, a demonstration project for solar electrolytic hydrogen storage and applications, a 500,000 tonnes/year coal hydrocarbons project, a 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 polycarbons project, a 4 million tonnes/year coal hydrocarbons project in Inner Mongolia, with new projects in place, a company
The Ningdong base is expected to produce 8.1 million tons of coal, 7 million tons of coke, 14.6 million tons of coal washing, 6.4 million tons of methanol, 2.4 million tons of hydrocarbons, 400,000 tons of tar processing, 100,000 tons of needle-shaped coke, 120,000 tons of benzene-hydrogen processing, 200,000 tons of carbon-four processing capacity: 11 million tons of methanol are expected to be produced in the interior of the country,
The company took advantage of the opportunity to rapidly expand its capacity during the 13th and 14th phases of the process, and the support company quickly built up a large coal industry.
2.1 The company is located at Ningxian East Energy Chemical Base, located in China's Energy Engineering and Gold Triangle, and is rich in mineral resources.
The country has only 1.4 per cent of the country's land area, but energy production has reached a quarter of the country, with coal resources of 1.4 trillion tons, or 25.5 per cent of the country's total coal resources, representing 18.1 per cent of the country's total identified coal resources, thick coal layers, shallow coal layers, simple geological structures and good mining conditions.
Well, it has a natural resource advantage, depending on its geographical location, and on the company’s location. The company’s deployment of coal, coal and water resources is the key to the production of chemical products.
The company’s Ningdong Chemical Energy Base, located on the east bank of the Yellow River, is located on the west side of the Yellow River and has completed a water supply project with a capacity of 800,000 cubic metres per day to provide productive water supply.
The company itself acquired 10 million cubic metres of water access annually, combined with its own capacity to recycle water resources, with less pressure on water in the western part of the country, where water resources are relatively scarce. Its proximity to China’s Energy Engineering and Gold Triangle is the focus of the country’s energy development, close to energy.
The source of mining, which has a more convenient procurement and transportation advantage, is the easy procurement of raw materials from areas around Ningdong base, such as coal mines, elms, Ordos, etc., which can lead to improved procurement efficiency and reduced pressure on raw materials. At the same time, the company’s demand for raw materials is reduced.
Stable, with long-term collaboration over the years with the Kanyinxia coal industry, the Inner Mongolia Houngalga Coal Company, which buys preferential prices and effectively reduces cost pressures.  Overall, the company is located in the north-west, in the coal pool, and in the raw materials.
The strong geographical advantages, coupled with the company’s proximity to the Yellow River, the industrial water problem has been properly resolved, the whole body has built a good regional advantage and laid the foundation for the company’s long-term development.
The company is located in China’s energy-chemical triangulation zone, where coal production is abundant. On the basis of the coal-industrial layout, the company can purchase coal, fine coal, and power-driven coal varieties in close proximity.
Given the abundance of coal resources in Ningdong, the company has been active in the extension of the coal industry chain to the source, making it possible to do so.
The company currently owns the Mallian coal mine, the Four Springs mine, the Red Four Coal mine, the Ding Liang Liang coal mine, in which the Mallian coal mine and the Four Springs coal mine are in active production, the Red Four coal mine has started to operate and will become operational by the end of the year, and the company's coal mine is expected to reach 8.1 million tons per year in the future with the gradual release of its capacity.
Some of the raw materials are self-sufficient, reducing the cost of producing the products. The company's currently deployed Marlene coal mine has been converted to normal production, the four springs continue to function, and the Red Four coal mine has started to test production, and the company's coal production at this stage is almost 40% of the company's coal.
The demand, of which the most productive coal mine is located in the company ' s production park, is extremely convenient for production and transport, reducing the cost of product procurement and logistics, and will be accompanied by a gradual increase in the production of red, coal and coal, just 23 kilometres from the company, and a further increase in the company ' s raw material advantage.
▪ Based on the company's historical data on the cost of production of fine coal, the company's own production cost is less than more than half of the cost of extracting fine coal, while the cost of extracting coal is much lower even by geographical advantage than the price of purchasing in other regions.
New projects will benefit from local investment policies in Ningxia, and new projects will benefit from a “3 by 3” policy preference, meaning that the company's Ningxia 2 projects will also receive a four-year tax concession, while new projects such as the HFOs will benefit from a six-year tax concession.
With some 14,000 employees, one of Ningxia's major industrial enterprises, the company has contributed significantly to the local government's solution of employment problems, and on the basis of its orderly operation, the company is also engaged in pro-poor work in Ningxia, a prominent business representative in Ningxia.
Figure 16: Corporate income tax rates (millions of dollars) 2.2, integrated campus layouts. Increasing overall operational efficiency. Effective planning of operations in the park. Full utilization of resources. Company at Ningdong Energy Chemical Base.
Areas a and b of the River Integrated Industrial Park have set up an industrial base for the Bosun Energy Cycle, covering 14,000 acres, which is fully planned by the company. Under the complete planning, the integrated campus has been able to rationalize the production chain and achieve the full use of resources and cost savings.
Mining, combing, gasification, integration of multiple production links through rational planning of resource consumption, adequate use and treatment of resources by companies, rational integration of water in drainage production, full use of water for coal-washing and treatment of chemical waste water
The recycling of resources through efficient integrated garden sewage treatment, with recycling systems replenishing water, reducing the number of sewage treatments, and saving water, is now about three-thirds of the companies using coal in order to achieve full economic benefits.
The company has deployed the coal production in the previous period and, on the basis of the raw materials needed for the back-office processing of the company, the company has effectively increased the efficiency of energy use through the tiered use of coal: through the coal-washing chain, the company classifies its own coal mines, uses them for coker production, and uses them for coker production.
Coal, coal slurry are used for energy production, and, through rational resource use and equipment packages, the heat vapour in the company’s parks is self-supplied, effectively saving energy consumption and costs.
Public facilities are shared effectively and capital is used more efficiently. From the early stages of the park layout, the company has begun overall planning for the park. In terms of planning such as supporting facilities, the pre-existing layout has been carried out, along with the gradual expansion of the company's operations and the continued expansion of its capacity, the company's ability to produce and produce.
The cost advantages are being highlighted, as well as the efficiency of capital use, as well as the cost advantages, which are being effectively enhanced by a gradual reduction in inputs to public facilities.
Within the park area, a number of links have been achieved from coal mining, coal selection, coal coking, gasification, production of fine products, production of acrylic products, and production processes have led to the division of the park area into plates, with areas connected to conveyor belts, pipelines, and with rational planning and infrastructure.
The Division ' s solid, liquid and gas products have been effectively transported in parks, reducing the energy consumption of products while reducing transport expenditure and chain losses and reducing the marginal cost of production.
▪ A rational expansion of the coal industry, a combination of coke gasification and powder gasification, and a two-line connection to create production advantages. Over the years, companies have gradually expanded from the traditional coal industry to the new coal industry, expanding from mono-collar to concentrated, gas-chemical dual-line business patterns and synchronizing products and production capacities
The company currently uses a “double raw material” layout for the production of synthetic gas (h2, co) using fine coal, combustible two primary materials for the production of methanol and HFOs. The company uses two types of materials for methanol production, with a high rate of carbon gasification, a high rate of productivity and a high rate of production efficiency.
The company can fully expand its production capacity by arranging a powder gas project. By outsourcing the “open” layout of the two chains of fine coal and coke, the company achieves a co-ordinated, gas-based layout that fully adjusts the number of outsourcings and outlets of the company to the profits of the products of the coke business, thereby achieving overall profit.
In the process of laying the chain of the industry, the company carries out a comprehensive study of gasification, methanol, etc., taking into account its actual situation and choosing to apply efficient production techniques.
Production technologies have been upgraded from fixed-bed to gas-flow-bed processes, and significant progress has been made in the use of raw materials, energy digestion, etc., significantly reducing the cost of producing products, while companies take full account of their own business layouts and take full advantage of the flaring gas conversion system that has been restored from the previous cokering operations.
The polycarbonic properties of synthetic gas, the use of furnace production processes, the use of their high conversion rate and low energy consumption advantages, the rational deployment of gas lines, the direct adjustment of the hydrocarbon ratio in synthetic gas, the saving of additional hydrogen-resilient steps, lower production costs and the rational and efficient use of resources.
The cork gas is combined with the synthetic gas to effectively adjust the hydrocarbon ratio and effectively reduce the production costs of the product. As the by-product of the coker gas during coal cokering is generally higher than the by-product of hydrogen, the hydrogen ratio during gas gas gasification is relatively lower, and if methanol is produced using a single process gas, it will lead to the creation of excess hydrogen.
The company uses coal as a coker to produce more hydrogen, combines the advantages of its own industrial chain layout with the advantages of gas and cogeneration, adjusts the hydrogen-carbon ratio, efficiently utilizes the by-product gas, and saves coal from gasification.
To form an overall cost advantage. Hydrocarbon ratio: n(h2-co2)/n(co+co2) Fever gas: Fever gas purified, converted and synthesized: Synthetic gas: gas converted, devulcanized, decarbonized and synthetic: methanol
Gas: The gas of synthetic methanol has been continuously laid, the scale expanded, and the industrial chain extended. As a result of developments in recent years, the company has achieved good results in basic business and in the layout of the industry, with more production.
Based on this, the company will continue to develop its business: on the one hand, it will continue to expand its production capacity in the business sector, and on the other hand, the company ' s fund-raising project is expected to start later this year, with an additional 2.2 million tons of methanol and 600,000 tons of HC capacity expected to be added, followed by the company ' s continued construction of four new HC devices, to
10 million tons of methanol per year and 3 million tons of hydrocarbon capacity by 2020, building up in a centralized scale and creating effective scale advantages; on the other hand, the company will continue to expand the production of refined chemical products through the tons/year acrylonitrile project, the 300,000/year abs project, the 50,000/year mm project and upgrade production.
The value-added of products, the multi-product layout, spreads the risk of price volatility in a single product. 2.4. Precise positioning and rapid scale-up are expected to reduce production costs on a continuous basis. Project layout is accurate, selecting modern coal-chemical demonstration areas at the national level to accelerate the expansion of production capacity.
In the course of the year, the Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Communications jointly launched the Programme for the Development of Innovative Developments in the Modern Coal Industry, which plans four modern Coal Industry Demonstration Zones in Mongolia, Eldos, Shaanxi Lam, Ning Shaningdong and Xinjiang, to promote industrial concentration and develop a world-class modern Coal Industry Model
In the region, the total amount of new coal conversions for each demonstration area during the period “13-05” must be kept within 20 million tonnes (coal fuel, excluding kerosene oil, gas, etc.). The company seizes the opportunity to fast-track the 3rd phase of the coal-based hydrocarbon project at Ningdong Base, while at the same time the layout c2-c5 integrated use project is rapidly over-forming.
Two million tons of polyolefin production capacity, on the one hand, rapidly expanding, increasing the size of the company and lowering the unit cost, and, on the other hand, increasing the size will facilitate the company ' s full use of the by-products of the production process and further the production of differentiated products.
At the same time, the company uses the mature Dmto technology of the country for the production of methanol-based hydrocarbons, using home-grown low-priced molecular sifting as a catalyst, with a final rate of 85 per cent for polyolefins and less than 3 tons of monotons of methanol, effectively reducing production costs and generating good production operations.
▪ The new project uses the latest coal-based acetylene process to scale up single-line production lines, resulting in a further reduction in single-ton costs. From the beginning of the first phase of the acetylene project, the company used Dmto technology to optimize the consumption of products on the basis of a process, leading to a reduction in production costs. As of 2020,
Ningdong's first stage of the project averaged 2.95 tonnes of ethanol (dichloromethane) and 2.885 tonnes of ethanol for the purpose of the project, and successfully achieved less than 2.9 tonnes of ethanol. In the course of the new project, the company will continue to use the latest production processes, and the Inner Mongolia project will use the chloromethane.
Dmto-iii, currently based on data from the Institute of Majorisation, three generations of technological processes are expected to reduce methanol monomer consumption to less than 2.7, which will significantly reduce the production costs of the products.
Downward trends, with the optimization and scale of the process, the company's single consumption of single ton of HFOs leads to lower costs of raw materials, and when the scale rises, the company can achieve a full load or even overload of production through process optimization, resulting in lower fixed costs such as single ton depreciation and labour, and the company's products.
Further enhancement of profitability. Chart 25: Changes in the cost of corporate monotons (RM/T) Figure 24: Reduction of feedstock consumption by companies through continuous optimization processes
iii. The barriers to the production of coal-based hydrocarbons are rising, the development base of the production and enrichment companies is increasing 3.1, the supply of domestic hydrocarbons is increasing, and there is some degree of differentiation in the operation of the products is being made.  The industry of coal-based hydrocarbons has been growing for many years, depending on imports.
Polyolefins, a typical plastic product with numerous downstream applications, have increased demand. In the early stages of their development, the main raw material produced was from oil and natural gas, accompanied by rising demand for domestic end-use plastics and rising demand for polyethylene and polypropylene, which led to a clear shortage of supplies in the country.
The heavy dependence on imports for products in the polyolefin chain, coupled with the construction of domestic petrochemical projects and the breakthrough in coal-based processes, has led to a decrease in the dependence on imports of polyolefin products in China, where a large number of construction pdh devices in China have addressed the problem of insufficient supplies of polypropene, dependence on imports.
It has declined to 14 per cent, while polyethylene import dependence remains at 48 per cent and remains relatively high
Figure 28: Downstream applications of ethylene Figure 29: Downstream applications of acrylic
Figure 31: Production and import dependence of polypropylene in our country (tonnes)  Global production of acrylates, mainly based on petrochemicals, has evolved over the years into pdh processes based on peacephalus, light hydrocarbons and acrylates.
The coal-based industry has developed under our particular resource pattern, with a gradual increase in the coal-based mto process (cto process), where the pricing power of the production of vinyl hydrocarbons has gradually been fragmented, and the ethylene chain has been relatively well run.
Domestic, petrochemicals have developed relatively early and have more extensive industrial techniques, so that in the oil-based, catalytic fission or petrocephalus-based processes have outperformed the pdh process, and new pdh installations have continued to be upgraded in the country until 2020.
The cost advantage of pdh is significant compared to the oil-based fission process, where the pdh process has become a major supply of acrylic.
▪ By contrast, the production of ethylene in our country is dominated by oil head production, light hydrocarbon routes are subject to a ratio of less than 10% to the supply structure of acetylene, new production capacity is significantly lower than acetylene products, and the industry supply pattern of ethylene is expected to be relative to the industry during the operation of the acetylene.
As the industry matures, the impact of material stability and cost competition becomes more apparent. In a larger direction, the country’s main feedstocks are broadly divided into three categories, stellar oils, light hydrocarbons, and so forth.
Coal, by contrast, our oil supply system is relatively stable, while light hydrocarbons, with the exception of a small amount of by-product gas from domestic refineries, are concentrated mainly in the Middle East and the United States, and with the integrated layout of the Middle East and the United States’ own industrial chain, the increase in exports of light hydrocarbons is difficult to guarantee effectively, making it fast in the country.
The supply of raw materials will be a further constraint in the light hydrocarbons process in the layout.  and the raw materials in the coal-based hydrocarbon process can be fully self-sufficient domestically and avoid creating further import dependence; and the cost gap between the different processes is also the threshold for a stable profit-making space for long-term hydrocarbon devices.
Keys. Based on the current product rate for the production processes of HFOs, except for the single product rate of ethane fission and propane dehydration devices, the overall rate of capture of HFOs in the mto process is much higher.
3.2 The expansion of coal-based hydrocarbons will gradually slow down, and the financial resources and policies will further deepen the industrial barriers. The increase in the domestic production rate of maniocarbons will be accompanied by dependence on raw materials for the development of a small number of coal-rich enterprises that are able to achieve low energy consumption and low discharge.
The resource pattern of the Gas Deficiencies has led to the upgrading of the process from “import dependence on products” to “import dependence on raw materials” in addition to coal-based production of the relevant HFO products, which means that the increase in the domestic production rate of HFOs has been accompanied to a large extent by an increase in import dependence on raw materials.
Based on the cost estimates of the processes at this stage, the cost-effective light hydrocarbon process has been mainstreamed into the current industry expansion, which has been accompanied by a rapid build-up of demand for light hydrocarbon raw materials, with a relatively low level of self-sufficiency of our natural gas, accompanied by a rapid increase in dependence on natural gas imports as a result of the spread of clean energy.
The main international supply of ethane, propane and butane is currently concentrated in the Middle East and the United States, where about two thirds of our imports of light hydrocarbon raw materials come from the United States and the Middle East, and where the integration of their own chemical industry chains is accompanied by continued and effective export growth of light hydrocarbons.
In order to meet rapidly rising demand for raw materials, and in case of instability in international trade problems, domestic production of related products will be affected to a greater extent. For this reason, dependence on raw materials will pose two problems: (a) enterprises that do not have stable access to raw materials will face a decline in the load of work; and (b) new chemicals will be added.
There is a significant increase in demand, and the pricing system for light hydrocarbons will gradually be upgraded from the fuel system to the chemical system, with a low cost material advantage that may be reduced.  By contrast, coal-based hydrocarbons are the main processes that can truly be domesticized in the industrial chain in a variety of processes.
Resource and financial barriers are at the core of the initial competition of the coal-based industry. The coal-based industry, as an extension of coal-chemicals to petrochemicals, is subject to the price of raw materials in the process of industrial development.
The effect of grid fluctuations is that, because coal-based hydrocarbons account for a very low proportion of the industry. The failure to establish effective pricing rights has led to the need for product-end exposure to crude oil price transmission, among other things. Simply put, coal-based hydrocarbon products earn low prices for kerosene, so that in industrial competition they effectively reduce livelihoods.
Cost-producing firms have a higher competitive advantage, and it is very clear that firms with the advantage of the front end resources are more competitive in their industries. Firms that are close to the source of the raw materials, with the layout of the raw materials, are able to acquire the raw materials at a lower cost, thus again building their own profit buffers within the industry.
▪ The cost of raw materials in the production process of acetylene, whether petrocephalus or light hydrocarbons, is the most significant part of the cost of production of acetylene, although the cost of a coal-based hydrocarbon is very high in its cost composition.
Aggregation at the end, four main production links, a whole industry chain layout, a high level of production inputs for single-line devices, with an investment of 300-40 billion yuan per ton in general. Thus, the removal of resource barriers, and financial requirements, are also key constraints to entry into the coal-based industry.
The implementation of carbon neutrality and policies will significantly increase the policy barriers in the coal-based industry. In the pre-existing industry, firms with financial and resource advantages have a competitive edge in the industry, and along with our carbon neutrality and policy, carbon emission reductions have become an important direction in the construction of control projects, within existing resources.
On the basis of financial barriers, energy controls add policy barriers to industrial development. Because of carbon emission reductions, carbon neutrality, large-scale chemical project approvals are based on the original environmental, safety and security audits, and local governments use energy consumption targets based on the country’s integrated policy advantages.
Controls have become more stringent, and coal-based hydrocarbon projects have become more and more dominant, with more than 3 million tons of coal-powered coal for upstream feedstocks, calculated in conventional 600,000 tons of hydrocarbons. According to the energy-consuming dual-control policy of Mongolia, Ningxia, Mongolia and Ningxia, in 2021, the entire region of Ningxia has added new energy indicators.
The target level of 5 million tons and 2.6 million tons of coal, where local energy consumption targets are being tightened, will be extremely difficult to obtain approval for new projects, and the space for a more advanced coal-based technology will be more stringent in layout.
Annual carbon peaks, coupled with the gradual implementation of carbon peak projects, energy consumption control policies in the regions will be introduced, energy-intensive projects will be more stringently approved, and some regions will explicitly refrain from building part of the energy-intensive projects in the prior period, reduce or replace energy use or become traditional in the future.
In the case of the coal-fired industry, it is extremely difficult to create an effective indicator space in the region, on the one hand, because of the huge coal consumption target, and, on the other hand, because of the relatively late development of the coal-based hydrocarbon device, which began with construction in 2011 in the country, most of which is today.
In the early stages of industrial development, the demand for downstream hydrocarbon products continued to rise and the production capacity of these hydrocarbons was severely inadequate.
The coal-based hydrocarbon process has been developing rapidly, and since 2011 nearly 40 coal-based hydrocarbon devices (including methanol) have been built throughout the country, with a combined capacity of nearly 18 million tonnes (of which the mtp process has not achieved limited capacity release except for the three units in Ruchi, which are still in operation).
It is expected that coal production will be significantly slower in the future with the approval of source-side raw materials and energy consumption. Unapproved and unbuilt projects are expected to be difficult to achieve higher barriers in the industry, and companies are expected to compete in a relatively orderly manner.
There are two types of industrial competitions: from gas-head, oil-head product processes; and from intra-industry installations. Thus, the profit margin for corporate products will come from the relative cost-benefit space for the AFO + coal-based AFO process and the comparative advantage of firms in the industry.
▪ In our country, the higher production and supply pattern of acrylic products determines the price model of our products, while the overall oil and gas are still volatile, but there is some association, so that the industry of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons is more profitable by the relative prices of coal, oil, and the current prices of oil and coal are higher than the prices of coal.
It's been able to enter the industry's historical low, and it's been the time that pressured the industry as a whole at the node where it's expected to be accompanied in the future by an overall rise in oil, coal prices, and overall profitability of the industry, and a better profit margin for companies that can build profit buffers in competition from multiple processes.
The overall level of profitability of firms in the industry will be continuously affected by four main factors: supply and demand relationships in the industry as a whole; comparative advantages arising from price changes in raw materials: three of their own industrial chains, technological advances and capacity for cost optimization; and the availability of further space for expansion of production capacity.
Against this background, cost differentials between different processes will be the key to determining the level of sustained good profitability that enterprises can achieve in the long run of the industry. In the first half of 2021, coal prices in the country rose significantly, oil and coal prices fell faster than in the first half of 2021, and the relative cost advantages of the coal-based hydrocarbon process were reduced to a certain extent.
Based on the average price of the country’s bulk chemical raw materials in the first half of the year, the cost of the coal (cto) process in the general industry is still lower than that of the pyrocephalic fission process, but higher than that of the light hydrocarbons process, which has a certain profit cushion in the competition for industrial processes.
▪ Compared to the general coal-based hydrocarbon process, the company ' s overall production costs can still be further reduced, close to the source of the raw material, partial self-sufficiency of the raw material, combined with the integrated landscape of the park cycle and the technology and management of continuous excellence, and the company ' s production costs can already be lower than the general industry ' s production of pdh
Cost, based on self-improvement, to further increase the profit space. 2 rich energy sources are divided by raw materials, labour and other costs 3.3, opportunities are seized, capacity is expanded, foundations are built, and companies are brought into the development fast track.
Within optimal spaces, it is possible to take advantage of opportunities to scale up and enable the company as a whole to move into fast lanes. In addition to the industry as a whole, the company is striving to optimize itself in its operations: 1 step in the cost savings associated with the integration of the industrial chain and multiple links, creating a larger profit buffer space;2
Using advanced industrial processes to set up niche parks and take advantage of opportunities for further energy expansion;3 Through new energy chains, forward-looking industrial layouts provide space for further development.
Integrated layout, fully profiting from both coal-based methanol and methanol-based acrylic hydrocarbons, reduces transport costs and product losses in different production chains. In addition, integrated use by companies through integrated deployment of home-grown and imported coal has led to a significant increase in power self-sufficiency and a significant reduction in production.
The cost of raw materials such as electricity, steam, and so on. And in the process of investing in expansion, companies have a shorter cycle of new capacity-building through integrated planning and self-procurement, which leads to lower capacity-building, with a higher level of profitability than that of large-scale industries.
The company will also expand its production capacity in the future, increase its size advantages and reduce its costs. The company is moving rapidly to the Ningdong III project, which is expected to add 1 million tons of coal to the company ' s production capacity by the end of 2022, while it is expected to increase its production capacity in 2023 at the Tuque Industrial Park in the Surig Economic Development Area of the Ustroika.
The project for the construction of 4 x 1 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbons has been included in the Master Plan for the Construction of a Model Area for the Modern Coal Industry and Industry in the City of Ordos, which was approved by the Committee for Development Reform of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and the Office of Trade and Information, one of which has been approved for 2.6 million tons/year.
1.4 million tonnes/year have been agreed by the city government of Ordos to build a state-wide modern coal-chemical industry, four times the current company's capacity to produce a single set of plants.
Down the line, there is room for further refinement of the cost of single-ton depreciation and single-ton raw materials, combined with the use of new energy sources, to reduce carbon emissions and provide space and opportunities for companies to further develop.
Carbon emissions are an important influencing factor in policy constraints. As a result of the longer production process, coal-based single tons of acrylic hydrocarbons co. The emissions are three to five times as high as those in the quartz oils, light hydrocarbons processes and are also limited by carbon emissions, and the new production capacity of coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons in our country is severely limited and is expected to be in the future.
The main carbon emissions in coal-based acrylic processes are from gasification powered coal consumption and the adjustment of raw coal consumption from hydrocarbon ratios, which, if reduced in an efficient way, will help the domestic industry to develop autonomously and in an orderly manner.
The construction of the land, with photovoltaics as energy supplies, and the supplementation of hydrogen in the gasification process through electrolytic hydrogen, will effectively reduce carbon emissions in the coal-based hydrocarbon process by co2 resulting from carbon and hydrogen excess regulation in the gasification process.
▪ The solar hydrolysis hydrogen project supports the enterprise's carbon neutralization project. The company's layout 2x100mw solar power supply package, with 20,000 square/hour electrolytic hydrogen storage and integrated applications demonstration project, was piloted in February 2021 and planned for production in late 2021 in phase II. The solar photovoltaic power project
The electricity generated is used for the hydrolysis helium project, which provides methanol synthesis, electrolysis of oxygen generated during helium production devices for gasification, significantly improves the energy efficiency and carbon efficiency of coal use processes and minimizes carbon emissions. The project will reduce coal consumption by 254,000 tons per year after delivery.
By the same time, the company expects to build a cumulative 200,000 square/hour electrolytic helium and 3800 mw photovoltaic power generation from 2021 to 2040, reducing the amount of raw coal by 2,149,000 tonnes/year and 568,000 tonnes/year of combustion.
The combined cost of the project can be controlled at $1.34/scale, with a total electricity cost of 0.121, compared to the current power level.
Electricity costs are lower than around $0.25; the cost per hydrogen can be kept at $0.7, which is close to $0.6 per mark at the current fossil-fuel hydrogen cost, without increasing the cost of production while achieving low carbon. In the future, companies will also accelerate technological upgrading, search for new-energy hydrogen technology breakthroughs, and make new ones.
The combined cost of hydrogen from energy sources is close to or even lower than the cost of hydrogen from fossil fuels. 3.4, in combination with the advantage of the size of the industrial chain, extends the operation layout of fine products to extend downstream production of eva products, spreading the risk of single product layouts.eva products as plastics.
One of the higher-end products in the material is widely used in the areas of blowing materials, wire cables, functional sheds, photovoltaic envelopes, etc., with the expansion of downstream applications and rising demand, but the supply of our veva products has been relatively limited over the years, with domestic production estimated at 750,000 tons in 2020 and large products.
On the one hand, the demand for downstream applications will continue to grow, leading to a further increase in demand in the industry, and on the other hand, there will still be plenty of import alternatives in our country.
Two hundred and fifty-five thousand tons of capacity are planned to become operational in the first half of 2023, which will, on the one hand, further enrich the current stage of the company's product layout while at the same time dispersing the risks of existing single products and gradually enriching the range of products in existing production platforms.
The extended layout of high-end polyolefin products increases the value-added of the products on a scale basis. After two phases of the Ningxia project, the company will gradually develop a scalding base in the field of acetylene products and, on the basis of steady production and optimization of costs, will gradually move into a rich product category.
At present, our supply capacity for basic chemical products is increasing, but the production of high-end products is still extremely scarce, there is high import dependence, there is great scope for profitability, and companies are continuing to enrich the production specifications of existing products on the basis of the introduction of product control costs, scaling up and steady production.
Since 2020, the company has successfully introduced 10 new products, such as high-fat fibres, thin-walled plastics, high-density polyethylene (HPV), high-intensity diaphragms, dilament-resistant styrofoams, linear polyethylene specials.
The overall import of titanium titanium-like double peak blowing products has further enhanced the company’s high-end, differentiated product layout. At the same time, ethylene polymerization is used in the construction of the two-cylinder siltation process in the Chevronfield Puss, which allows for the production of a wide range of high-end bicrystal polyethylene products and metallic polyethylene products.
The production of herbs is expected to start in the second half of 2021, and although in the short term it is difficult to achieve rapid release of fine products, it is critical to the long-term development of the company, which is expected to continue to combine the existing industrial chain base with the extension of high-end polyolefins in the future.
Products such as ps, abs, etc. are gradually building competitiveness for long-term development.iv. Industry supply continues to be clear, opportunities are being scaled up to enable companies to benefit in the long term. 4.1. Carbon industry chain output will continue, and industry supply patterns are expected to improve
Over the past 20 years, the industry has been experiencing two rounds of investment, driven by a large influx of capital and a large number of small and medium-sized productive capacity as a result of the rapid growth of the downstream steel industry.
This has led to a low concentration of domestic carcinogens and a “smuggling” pattern of industries. This sector of firms, owing to their small size, older furnaces, high levels of environmental pollution and lower profitability in the production process.
Various factors, such as the cost pressures of environmental policies, have begun to exit. The additional capacity of centrifugation has also been severely restricted, with only 92.26 million tons of new capacity by 2019, reaching the lowest point in almost 20 years, and the excess supply of the country ' s previously disorderly expansion of the industry has gradually been realized.
Figure 48: Changes in the production of coke in our country (tonnes) Chart 49: Increased capacity of the charcoal industry (tonnes)
The introduction of guidance documents such as the War on the Protection of the Sky has led to a further acceleration in the rate of output in the focal sector, and the development of specific implementation plans based on the situation in the autonomous regions of the country, namely, the elimination of coal chambers with a capacity of 4.3 metres or less, and the limitation of capacity at a capacity of 6 metres or less.
In the 14th Five-Year Period, with the further implementation of energy consumption control policies, some 1.7265 million tons of production capacity, or 32.5%, are expected to be below a certain height. In view of current trends, high-intensity remediation in the focal sector will continue, and approval of new applications will be more difficult and will be difficult for some time to come.
As the main demand side of coke, the rise and decline of the steel industry has a major impact on upstream coke. China is the world’s largest steel.
The rapid growth of China’s steel industry, particularly since 2010, has been a major driver of the global steel industry, with China contributing the vast majority of the increase in global crude steel production. With the effects of the epidemic in 2020, demand for iron and steel from overseas has been largely curbed.
It is hoped that there will be a recovery in growth and a gradual recovery in demand for iron and steel.
Figure 51: Change in price differentials for coke products (in yuan/tons) Figure 50: Sustained rise in the production of raw iron (in tons) Small decrease in coal imports and increase in the price of products. Our coal resources are predominantly coal-powered and coal-fired
With relatively few resources, domestic coal extraction is dominated by high-volatile gas (including a third of coal), high-fat coal, coal sulfur, ash fractions, and scarce high-quality coal production resources, the gap being mainly filled by imports, and subsequent downwards in coal refining this year, leading to an overall demand in the industry.
On the one hand, the gap has been accompanied by a marked increase in the price of coal and, on the other hand, by a further increase in the price difference between coal and coal power, due to the tight supply of coal per se.
Figure 52: Changes in the demand for coal and supply gap in the country (tonnes)  2019  2021  61189910112p
Figure 54: Changes in the prices of powered coal and coke in the country ($/t), 4.2. Corporate coal resources have significant advantages, cost controls have increased the profitability of coke operations, are located in the core energy region, and coal resources are well supplied. The company is located at the Ning Shaningdong Energy Chemical Base.
The company currently owns 3.6 million tonnes/year of Mallian coal mines, 1.2 million tonnes/year of four springs, 2.4 million tonnes/year of red four coal mines, totalling 7.5 million tonnes/year of coal production, with a total capacity of 7.5 million tonnes/year of coal production.
Coal is the main source of good raw materials for the company’s coke production. The company, while enriching its own reserves of coal resources, makes full use of the rich coal resources around it and works with the State-owned large coal mines to establish long-term strategic cooperation to ensure a stable supply of raw materials.
Enterprises with integrated raw materials layouts will benefit more from the price of their products. The company uses the cementing of coker technology, which allows the use of cokered coal, including gas-fertilized coal, a third of cocoal, coal-rich, coal-carrying, poor coal, thin coal, weak sticky coal, etc., with a specific distribution of raw coal.
In addition, the company owns a “coal-coal-combined” industry chain that produces coal from its own coal mines that can be used to refine coal. In the context of de-productivity policies, it has a more cost-effective position than the average-collar enterprise, increasing the company's experience.
Operating costs are relatively low, and Māori is a leader in the industry. The company’s caramel plant is dominated by a third of its own coal, which, because of the company’s natural location advantages, allows some of the company’s raw materials to be supplied “zero distance” or “close distance”.
Lower logistics costs provide a strong guarantee for stable supply and full production of coal, although lower prices for the sale of coke at the same grade still make the company ' s carbon-rich ratio low, as compared to enterprises in other coke-producing areas such as Shanxi, Hebei and other charcoal-producing areas.
The industry is in the lead, higher than the industry’s integrated structure. Figure 55: Comparison of the Māori ratio of the focalized business (%) Builds a large-scale industry chain of coke and strengthens the industry’s leading position.
At the same time, the company is planning to build 3 million tons of coal/year coke, including 3 million tons of coke, 100,000 tons of needles/years of needles, and benzene with hydrogen.
The installation will be expanded to 120,000 tonnes/year, and the tar processor will be expanded to 400,000 tonnes/year. The project will be completed by the end of 2021 using the current state-of-the-art 4*65-hole 6.25-metre fixer.
First, the concentration of the industry will be further increased in the context of the intensive supply-side reforms in the coke sector and the gradual withdrawal of small and medium-sized production capacity, thus consolidating the company’s leading role in the coke industry. Meanwhile, by-products of coke, kerosene, kerosene, can be concentrated and processed on a large scale, reducing the amount of hydrogen from the furnace.
The gas-carbon polyhydrogen characteristics of coal produce complementary effects, further reducing downstream processing costs and achieving efficient and integrated use of resources.
The company now has two core businesses, coal-based hydrocarbons and coal cokering, contributing more than 90 per cent of the company's main profits, and it will have an additional 3 million tons of coke in the future, a three-phase coal in Ningxia, and a sustained release of capacity by the end of 2021 and 2022, and the company will benefit from it on the one hand.
The industrial chain advantage of the model expansion, on the other hand, will further reduce the cost of production of existing products and lead to cost optimization. We will produce each of the company’s two main operations: the company’s existing installations are expected to remain stable, and the new three-phase project Ningxia is expected to build.
(a) Prices: The oil-heading process is still heavily priced for the country's current products, there is a relatively limited likelihood of a substantial turnaround in crude oil prices and limited scope for a substantial downswing in the price of the hydrocarbons;
There is a relatively high level of profitability for the production of acrylic hydrocarbons and the expected operational pressure for future coal-based acrylic products The space for further downswings is relatively limited, and therefore the estimated profit-making price is averaged in the first half of the year Production: the company has 4 million tons of coke production capacity, which is more than 100 per cent of the production capacity is expected to be used today
By the end of the year, the company will be able to produce 3 million tons of coke, leading to further increases in coke sales.
Profit: In the process of upturning the prices of coal and coke, the company has its own coal production capacity, relative returns in the coke industry, the profitability of the product is expected to continue, and in the case of profit forecasts, prices are invested in the company's sustained capacity for new construction over the next three years, with good performance growth dynamics.
The company’s traditional coal-chemical industry and the company’s new construction projects, if not as expected, will affect the company’s product performance:  Risk of volatile product prices: the company’s core products are hydrocarbons and coke, and the prices of products are more volatile than expected.
(b) The risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: the company uses coal as its raw material and earns to some extent the difference in kerosene, which, if the price changes relative to the kerosene, will affect the company's product's profitability in the short term;
▪ The company is planning to build 41 million tons of coal-based hydrocarbon capacity in Inner Mongolia, of which 2.6 million tons have been approved by the local government in one instalment, and two 1.4 million tons of approvals will need to be continued if they are not approved as scheduled or will affect the process of increasing the size of the company;
▪ Change in policy affects the risks of companies' future new production capacity: the implementation of policies such as carbon neutrality will affect the expansion of traditional chemical products, and the company's new construction projects are currently licensed by the Government and will affect them if the policy changes occur, and then the average calculation will result in a final rating as an average investment in the market