In 2025, a high income rate continued to rise, with the expectation of a steady recovery, higher earnings and higher earnings compared with the pressure. The company achieved $7,900 million/+79.0 per cent in 2025h1 and the SMLD ' s business strategy was adjusted from 20,2403 to add to the growth in the country ' s sales policy, and income continued to be earned.
High increases; the profit margin is clearly held back by cost inputs such as customs duties and increased marketing, but it is expected that the impact of customs duties will be reduced as Vietnamese production rises, the profits of land washing machine operations will increase, the drying-up machine will be effective, and the firm’s net interest rate is expected to rise to the bottom in the second half of the year.
Land sweepers grew robustly, and the second class doubled. 1) Company h1 land sweepers grew by about 60% to 6.4 billion on a year-on-year basis, of which q2 grew by about 50%, and, under a proactive outreach strategy, the owner of land sweepers grew robustly. 2) Two goods scrubbers increased their income by about four times to 1.1 billion on a year-on-year basis, of which q2 grew by about seven times, and
The company's success is due to continuous product innovation and breakthroughs, a30-year series of new items that are expected to be paid off, and subsequent companies are expected to continue to open up new and offshore channels, amounting to $550.04 million.
High-speed growth is accompanied by a steady increase in profitability. 3) Since this year, companies have also increased their exposure, expanding their influence in the form of joint names, spokespersons, and so on. Coupling data show that the 2025h1 stone dryer has grown by 187% in Kyoto, the Skycat, and the shivering gmv, of which q2 has increased by 143%.
Overseas channels continue to expand, with strong regional performances. Companies expand their overseas product price segments, fine-tune channels, web-point layouts, and, while consolidating niche markets, increase their cultivation in new regions such as Southern Europe and the United Kingdom, overseas.
In Europe/Asia, where export revenue is expected to increase by more than 50%, net interest rates are expected to improve in the second half of the year. The company ' s q2 Māori ratio is the same as in StoneTech (688169.sh)-2024, which reports that active change takes over the market.
1.4 pct. With the company's ability to grow up in Viet Nam, the tariff impact ring has improved, new business such as land washing machines.
Rocks and Technology (688169.sh)-2023 Annual Report Review: New Products Quantified Domestically
Investment proposals: Adjusting profit projections to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Rocks and Technology (688169.sh) 2023 mid-point evaluation: technological advantages are highlighted, companies are the leading players in the global land sweep industry, and domestic and foreign product matrices and channels are expanding faster. Considering the United States,
Figure 2: Single-season operating income and growth rate of companies Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase of companies Figure 3: Net profit and increase of companies ' return
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author