Short-term performance pressure, continuous layout of the arithmetic field \triangleright short-term pressure, second curve overseas operations growing faster. Company performance short-term pressure, we judge.
\triangleright, mainly due to small and medium-sized enterprises, has seen a slower recovery in the business sector. In the first three quarters of the year 23, the holding company Xinhua Shunhua had achieved 37.570 billion yuan, an increase of 2.32 per cent over the same period.
The growth in overseas operations was 13.72 per cent, and overall sales continued to grow; the growth of H3c brand products and services autonomous channels in international operations was 84.79 per cent, sustaining strong growth dynamics.
The number of overseas partners has reached 1,882 and 40 overseas spare parts centres have been established, covering 176 countries and territories. For the first time, the company showed a picture of gitexglobal2023 and successfully organized a 2023 technical summit (h3c techsummit 2023), which continues to deepen its regional reach in the Middle East, Africa, and so on, with delivery now covered.
More than 70 countries and territories around the world. \triangleright 1. Purple shares (000938.sz) semi-annual 2023 reports
Performance grew steadily, with Xinhua III operators and international business net sales interest rates reaching 4.73%, down 1.50 pct from year to year, down 0.53 pct from ring.
In the face of the rapid development of aigc technology, the company's 2023/05/28.
A forward-looking layout of the “aiinall” strategy has been developed, with full end-to-end support for aigc.
In the case, the purple cloud launched the big aigc model of the entire estate to achieve the power of the ai level Paas. The company completed its first large-scale 800-ge test in the 2023/05 series with a density of up to 64 800 g ports.
The lead ict market, which builds the digital economy and the core base of the ai, weighs on the release of a global decoupling of nvme intelligence all-twilight storage, distributed intelligence blending and storage of two series of new products.
The company recently launched a new generation of smart-counting network solutions focusing on ultra-wide networks, very low time lags, end-of-the-net storage of 5. Purple shares (000938.sz) event review: the proposed acquisition of Xinhua's 39% share, with a significant increase in net return profits -
At the same time, the company continues to empower its customers in a wide range of industries, such as "ai+scape solutions" 2023/01/04 Capital, Smart Mines, Smart Finance, Smart Water, Smart Education, etc.
Digital transformation and intellectual upgrading. Investment proposal: Considering downstream demand and the British Weida ban has some impact on company performance, we expect \triangleright
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.