Utility shares (000938.sz) Computers ii “ai+Overseas” opening up growth space
Business income increased by 246 per cent from the same year to the same year; the net return to the mother was 1,541 million yuan, a decrease of 6.03 per cent from the same year. In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of $19,169 million, a decrease of 1.63 per cent from the same year, the net return to the mother, the growth of business income slowed, and the foreign influence continued to expand. In January-September 2023, the company achieved a business gain.
Income from domestic operators amounted to $7,635 million, an increase of 20.94 per cent over the same period. Revenue from overseas operations as the second curve in income growth grew by 13.72 per cent, while overall sales grew steadily: H3c brand products and services autonomous lines of operations grew in international operations.
In the last three quarters, in the face of rapid advances in aigc technology, companies continued to focus on the leadership of products and services and built deep into a “clouds-net-count-store-end”
The Oasis platform allows high-quality data elements to be governed and the value of the client's private domain to be saturated; and the Power platform achieves the integrated management of isomer computing resources, multi-arimental resource smart deployments, and better management of computing, Lee Hongtao.
Helping clients to deploy a one-stop platform to effectively meet the need for a dynamic computing in a new age of intelligence: the purple cloud pushes out the big aigc model of the entire estate to achieve the power of the ai-level Paas. At the same time, the company elaborates on the creation of a platform of linseer, linseerhub, smart-thinking solutions and models.
Aigc as a whole solution, which provides industry clients with soft and hard integration and matching services, purple-light shares: a matrix of arithmetic products that waits for a home-wide solution. At the same time, the company expands digitally through the "ai+situation solution"
Smart mines, smart finance, smart water, smart education, and so on, continue to give customers in the energy sector numbers Purple shares: it's proposed to buy up to 12 billion more Xinhua shares for transformation and intellectual upgrading.
Xinhua Group, a controlled subsidiary, Xinhua Group, in high-speed data, purple shares: demand + technology + governance three-frequency resonance, numbers.
Heart exchange product development has always been leading, based on technological trends and continuous evolution of user needs, pushing the basal dragon at the pre-violet annual report, producing a full 200g/400g data centre programme and gaining access to multiple Internet clients in the country's head.
At the same time, Xinhua's early deployment of basic technology studies successfully built the first global single chip 51.2 tcpo silicon switch, standard switch, ddc switch (distributed and decentralized) , smarta-i switch, and supported the full series of 800g Ethernet interfaces and smartness.
To the detriment of technology, and to accelerate the green transition of data centres through innovative heat radiating technologies. Moreover, the next generation of ultra-wide data centre networks, based on 800 gcpo silicon engine technology, can improve the efficiency of the transmission of arithmetic systems and ensure that data transfer is zero-dispossessed and slow-time to meet extreme computing needs under the scenario of intelligence.
Overseas operations continued to expand and products were delivered in a number of areas. By the end of September 2023, the number of corporate-certified overseas partners had reached 1,882 and 40 offshore spare parts centres had been set up, covering 176 countries and territories. In Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, South Africa, Singapore, Mexico, the United Arab Emirates, Viet Nam, Saudi Arabia, Chile and the United States of America.
The Middle East Gulf information technology exhibition (gitexglobal2023), held for the first time in Dubai on 16 October, and the successful 2023 technology summit (h3c techsummit2023) have continued to be a high-quality partner for China-owned enterprises.
Services, logistics, compliance, etc. provide a full range of high-quality services and deliver investment proposals that already cover more than 70 countries around the world: we believe that companies will benefit directly from the digital economy and the market increases brought about by the arithmetic eruption, which will remain high-growth over the long term, but subject to external environmental impacts, we adjust the profitability of companies and predict companies.
As a result, we believe that the company is at an undervalued stage, with a “buy-in-b” rating.