YS, general computer equipment, purple light (000938.sz)
Xinhua Sanctuary has been steadily advancing, with many product markets still leading, 3645 million yuan on 28 August 2023, an increase of 4.78 per cent over the previous year, of which ict infrastructure and service operations achieved revenue
According to the annual report of idc and idc, 2023q1 was ranked first in China in the market share of Ethernet exchange, business network exchange, park exchange, corporate class wlan, China Blade server, and China Super-Integration.
Market data: 25 August 2023, Chinese enterprise routers, Chinese x86 servers, Chinese storage and China ' s utm firewall domain, with city shares of 31.2 per cent, 31.0 per cent, 18.2 per cent, 12.2 per cent and 21.7 per cent, respectively.
Xinhua's three operations have been steadily advancing around the world. 2023h1, Xinhua's three-way income has been 24,991 million yuan, digitizing with the triangleright, China's five mines, the One Sword Group, the Bocab Group, the Business Bureau Group and others.
Basic data: June 30, 2023 project, which generated $5.236 billion, or 30.79 per cent; international operations, which continued to be second in number.
The growth curve, which achieved project breakthroughs and successful delivery in more than 70 countries, expanded new markets such as the United Arab Emirates, Viet Nam and Mongolia to reach income of 1,094 million yuan, compared with the ratio of +20.94 per cent and H3c brand products and services of 605 million yuan, compared with +69.83 per cent, of which income from autonomous channels amounted to 258 million yuan, compared with +125.31 per cent.
The purple cloud continues to drive the process of cloudization. 20231, the purple cloud successfully passed through the global software field \triangleright cmi5 certification, winning Chongqing City Smart Justice Cloud Service, ft-eda chip cloud, Guangzhou University, Ji
Projects such as the Smart Hospital of the University of Lin I, which generated revenues of 602 million yuan, i.e. + 7.9 per cent of the year.
The company uses technological innovation as its core engine, focusing on product and technology innovation and research and development, and has R & D centres in Beijing, Hangzhou, Hoyoshi, Chengzhou, Chongqing, Guangzhou, etc. The company’s sales network covers the world, with over 40 offices throughout the country, in Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin America, etc.
The establishment of 17 overseas branches, etc., provides a sound marketing basis for the expansion of the company’s operations. Companies provide technologically leading networks, computing, storage, cloud computing, security and smart terminals, etc., full-scale ict infrastructure and services, including delivery of network equipment, servers, storage products, cloud computing and cloud services, network security products and services, smart terminals, etc.
It also provides one-stop digital solutions for industrial intelligence applications, as well as full life-week services such as top-level design, software development, system integration and transport management, for a wide range of users in government, operators, the Internet, finance, education, health, agriculture, transport, energy, manufacturing, etc.
By product, the share of ict infrastructure and services operations has gradually increased. The company ' s main products are ict infrastructure and services and the distribution of t products and supply chain services. 2023h1, the company ' s ict infrastructure and services revenue was $22.29 billion, or +12.11 per cent, and its products, sales and supply chain services revenue was $14,391 million, or -10.96 per cent, in 2018-2022.
According to the latest data of the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the country's digital economy is growing rapidly and is expected to grow faster than 60 trillion yuan by 2025.
The size of the country’s digital economy market reached 50.2 trillion yuan in 2022, an increase of 10.3% over the previous year, up 11 years from the same period. The ratio of the word economy to the gdp also showed steady annual growth, rising from 32.9% in 2017 to 41.5% in 2025.
In addition, in the context of a vibrant digital economy, firms will also be involved in the process of digital transformation in order to improve their efficiency and to better adapt to the market. 3.2 Sustained technological innovation to optimize the upgrading of digital infrastructure and services.
Companies continue to innovate in technology and promote the full and optimal upgrading of their product lines. At present, companies have a total of 61 research and development priorities globally, guaranteeing their leading research and development capabilities. Companies continue to contract in many fields, with significant breakthroughs: 1) Smart Links: Companies officially release cloud-based applications-driven network solutions ad-net6.0+, achieving ad-campus with nine key innovations like 5gtob
(Application-driven park), ad-dc (Application-driven data centre) and ad-wan (Application-driven wide area network) scenario solution optimization upgrades; 2) Wisdom calculation: company roll-out of H3uniserver 4900lcg5 liquid cold servers and related liquid cold systems, reducing energy consumption by about 30 per cent and space occupancy by almost 70 per cent; 3) Cloud computing and cloud services: combined clouds are fully upgraded to cloud size-wide cloud cover,
To represent the new generation of security firewall series products: 5) Smart Terminals: release of the first 8k cloud screens of the X86 chip-based two-system system, 3.3.Current digitalization of customers in the enabling industry around the application scene. Companies are closely focused on client-end applications, building leading digital intelligence solutions in the country, and accelerating industrial and digital integration.
In the fields of digital government, digital finance, intelligent transportation, smart medicine, smart mines, intelligent education, and so forth, smart solutions have been introduced, seeking to be “the most trusted partners in the digital transformation of the 100th century”, including the publication of digital village governance and control, the launch of financial intelligence points, the creation of a “transport digital brain” and the release of a medically inclusive, all-embracing solution.
In-depth cooperation with the telecommunication operators, on the one hand, the main market provider for cloudnets, on the other hand, continued breakthroughs around the main network of operators, the urban area network, and the host network. On the other hand, international operations, companies cover high-profile overseas customers and promote digital transformation.
The outside market has released four priority site-based solutions for co-location solutions, innovative educational solutions, efficient medical solutions, and reliable public service solutions.
Multi-application solutions, such as education, drive the digital transformation of overseas clients around the three dimensions of ecosystems, talent empowerment and technological innovation. Figure 11: Corporate digital brain services, technology and product development risks. Cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, 5g, etc.
Business risks. As companies grow in size, so does the number of sales and technology R&D personnel, the cost of people, the cost of people, and the cost of people.
The rise in operating costs and costs, such as rents, logistics, will further reduce the company’s profit margin and may run the risk of losing people to the company’s overall profits. With a strong specialization in the full range of areas involved in the company’s business, and increasing competition from modern firms, companies will face the risk of rising human resource costs and a shortage of skilled personnel and core business cadres.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, nor will I be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.