The three-quarter evaluation of wanhua chemistry (600309) in 2024, product prices are weak and device repairs affect the company's performance in the third quarter, 30 October 2024.
While the prices of the company ' s products declined on a year-on-year basis, the price of the main raw materials increased on a year-on-year basis, resulting in lower interest rates for the company ' s gross, while the third quarter of the company ' s smoke stations, the centralized overhaul of major European installations, also led to the intensification of the industry due to high downstream stocks of finished products, with data from the Begawan Mobil region showing 2024q3
With respect to roe (ttm), three quarters of the refrigerator freezers were affected by an increase in demand due to an old policy change, and construction market demand was slightly lower in December ($)
The market demand for tdi is weak, with an average market price of approximately $135,144 per tonne in three quarters (Yoy-25.23%, qoq-8.77%). In the case of flexible polyethers, the demand for home and automobile industries has fallen in three quarters, and the market price for soft polyether is approximately $8708 per tonne (Yoy-13.28%, qoq-4.27%).
Since October, with the gradual introduction and decline of a sound economic mix policy, the gross and aggregate mdi margins have improved steadily. 2024q3 petrochemicals have moved down the price of some of their products as a whole.
The price was $6,926/t, an increase of 1.73 per cent in the same year; the price was $7,444 pert in Shandong, a decline of 12.45 per cent in the same year; the price of Shandong Acrylic acid was $6,250 pert, an increase of 1.66 per cent in the same year; the price of Shandong Acrylic Bysterate was $8,936 pert, a decrease of 6.09 per cent in the same year; and the price of Shandong Npg plus hydrogen was $10,383 pert in the same year.
This represents an increase of 10.73 per cent; Shandong ' s mtbe price is $6,302 per tonne, a decrease of 17.83 per cent in the same year; China ' s alldpe membrane price is $8,301 per tonne, an increase of 0.80 per cent in the same year; and China ' s East Ethylene pvc price is $5,776 per tonne, a decline of 8.39 per cent in the same year.
Investment proposals: companies continuously increase technological innovation, continuously extend the industrial chain, expand high-end products less than expected; risk of domestic macroeconomic volatility; risk of volatile raw materials prices; increased risk of industrial competition; occurrence of force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.