The third quarter is a fall in net profit from the mother, and the new project is moving forward steadily.
In the third quarter of 2024, corporate income increased by the same year and net return to the mother fell by the same year. In the third quarter of 2024, the company collected 50.540 billion yuan (+12%, ring - 1%) and net profit to the mother by 2.92 billion yuan (5.8% for the same period, slightly higher for the same period). In the third quarter, the return increased by the same year, but net return to the mother.
The Department has completed the technological expansion of many units and the introduction of new production capacity, with higher sales of major products. However, the prices of some major commodities have fallen year-on-year, while the prices of major raw materials have remained high, while the company ' s smoke stations, European major installations, have been overhauled centrally, leading to a decline in profits in three quarters year-on-year terms.
Polyurethane plate collection and sales have increased by the same year, and demand as a whole has weakened. In the third quarter of 2024, the company collected $18.79 billion (+8.5% of the year, ring + 4.7% of the year), production/distribution of the total weakening of downstream demand for ammonia, declining prices for pure mdi, tdi, etc.
Of these, pure mdi faces weak demand, a backlog of downstream finished products, and increased competition within the industry; polymer mdi benefits from refrigerator freezers driven by old-change policies, and demand rises, adding to the slight warming of demand in the construction market and the stability of the export market; and the demand for tdi is weak.
High stock of raw materials and finished products in the household sector; demand for flexible polyether products in the household and automobile industry; increased pyrotechnic crop yields and lower sales ring ratios. Corporate pyrochemical block camp, Huanhua Chemical (600309.sh) - second quarter profit and ring ratios, new projects are steadily declining in the third quarter of 2024.
The petrochemical industry, although recovering slightly, still has a relatively low overall profit.
" Man-hwa Chemistry (600309.sh) - Quantico-poe devices successfully driven, national production process and new material plate collection of 7.02 billion yuan (+10.9 per cent year-on-year, ring ratio + 2.1 per cent) " , production/distribution.
45.5 million tonnes (year-on-year +15/+16%, ring +15/+4%). - Phase Poe, Lemon aldehyde, Huanhua Chemistry (600309.sh) - Multi-project progress, polyurethane headlines are in production, and new operations such as spices are in the process of industrialization.
Investment proposal: The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, but the downstream demand for polyurethane is slightly less than expected due to adverse factors such as the need for real estate and continued weakness, with higher compounding costs, higher corporate revenues in the third quarter of 2024 and lower net profits for the mother and ring.
The same-ring ratio declined, with the cost rising slightly over the same period by 5.8 per cent. The third quarter was higher, but the net return was higher, the output of the main product was expanded and the new production became operational, and the sales of the main product grew by the same-year. However, the prices of some of the main-farm products were lower than in the previous-year period, but the prices of the main raw materials remained high, while the company smoke station and the European main installations were kept high for the third quarter.
Mid-censorship, resulting in a fall in profits in three quarters on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 4: Quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates for Quantities of chemistry, M & A net interest rate Polyurethane plate collection and sales are all increasing at the same rate and overall demand is weak.
The net mdi/polymermdi/tdi/foam polyether market averaged approximately 1.95/178/1.35/0.87 million per ton for the third quarter. Pure mdi faced weak demand, a backlog of downstream finished stocks and increased intra-industry competition. Polymerdi benefited from the use of refrigerator freezers to replace new policies, and demand increased, respectively.
In September 2024, our national ice freeze rose by 20.5% compared to the previous year, and our domestic refrigerators increased by 9.0% compared to the same year; and the number of refrigerators exported increased.
Figure 5: Polymermdi price-to-price differential (M/T) Figure 6: Pure mdi price-to-price differential (M/T) Figure 7: Tdi price-to-price differential (M/T)
Figure 8: Revenue from the operations of the Huanhua chemical section (millions of yuan) Figure 9: Production of refrigerators and freezers in China in the same month (%) Figure 10: Export of refrigerators in China in the same month (%)
Fossil plate yields increased by the same ring ratio and sales by the same amount. In the third quarter of 2024, the company collected 22,400 million petrochemical plates, which were affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices and weak demand from downstream petrochemicals, while the petrochemical industry recovered slightly, overall profits increased by the same amount as sales of fine chemicals and new material plates. In the third quarter of 2024, the company produced fine chemicals and new materials.
Ring ratio - 15%/+4%. With the launch of the biphenola project, the company ' s pc industry chain has been further refined; the first annual production of 200,000 tons of poe has been in the process of industrialization of new businesses, such as lemon ellipses, spices, etc. The prices of the main raw materials, pure benzene, propane, butane, have increased on a year-on-year basis, and coal prices have fallen on a year-on-year basis.
Prices of the main raw materials were affected by fluctuations in crude oil prices and changes in domestic and foreign supply and demand relations, and the price of pure benzene declined, but remained at a higher fraction, with an average price of $8,442 per ton in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 13%. As domestic coal and carbon production and imports of imported coal increased, the country’s coal supply and demand structure shifted from its previous tightness to easing prices.
The concentration continues to decline at an average cost of $752 per kilocalories per kilocalories per kilocalories per kilogram per kilogram in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 2% per cent. The propane, butane, as a whole, is subject to narrow fluctuations at an average cost of $592,577 per tonne per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram per kilogram in the third quarter of 2024.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.