Three-quarter short-term performance pressure, sustained growth of new production potential Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 28 October 2024, 3-quarter report on Huanhua Chemistry 2024, reporting period
Revenue of $50,537 million, an increase of 12.48 per cent, a decline of 0.73 per cent in the ring, net profit smoke stations, bc site repairs affecting production and sales, tdi and other price fallback performance short-term pressure, three quarters, smoke stations and bc site repairs, resulting in a decrease in sales of some of the company ' s main products
Small, 2024q3 polyurethane/pessilization/new material plate production of 138/13.45 million tonnes, permeable, 2024q3 polymer mdi/pure mdi/tdi/foam polyether/pessel/power coal (q5,000), see, new material plate growth steadily; pdh inspection for lpg trade
The impact of the repairs is small, and the overall income from the petrochemical plate continues to grow; polyurethane sheet is expected to improve in the future due to the presence of smoke stations, bcs, mdi, tdi, etc., and the price of pure mdi, tdi, polyether etc.
In the long run, the Council of State has officially issued a programme of action to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and the replacement of consumer goods with old ones.
Consumption demand. On the overseas side, since 2022, the overseas economy has been growing slowly, with relatively weak demand and pressure on the prices of polymer mdi exports, but the volume of mdi exports has remained high, reaching 104.37 million tons in 2023, and the volume of pure mdi exports.
Interest rates, interest rates on mortgages are falling, US property is expected to rebound, and we expect the overseas demand, represented by the United States, to be repaired gradually. Polyurethane+new materials can be phased in, and future performance growth can be expected.
The company's planned forward expansion of mdi devices to 1.5 million tonnes/year is expected to continue to improve in future mdi and tdi supply patterns, and in polyurethane production + costs are significant.
1. Performance in the second quarter is expected to be positive, with new production occurring. Ethylene II and Plumlet II are also expected to be phased in by the end of 2024. Ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene vinyl ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
The Tonpoe, 48,000 tons of lemon ellipse and derivatives projects have been put into production, and the future chain of lemon formaldehyde, vitamins, and spices will be connected.
We're looking at the company's performance, which is expected to be 2024-40 in view of the smoke station and the bc's main installation and the slow impact of macro-demand.
(1) Risks of less than anticipated project construction; (2) risk of less than expected project approval; (3) risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials:
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.