Corporate q3 performance is under pressure to enter a new chapter in internationalization — the Manchuria Incident Assessment Report (600309.sh) Quarterly Performance Report released by Manchuria: operating revenue achieved in January-September 2024
147,604 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.35 per cent in the same year; net profit from the realization of maternity 11,093 million were affected by the installation repairs, which resulted in a slight decline in product production rings, and a centralized overhaul of the company ' s main polyurethane plant in Europe in the first three quarters of 2024.
Of these, the Bosdemid and tdi installations in Hungary were shut down for 40 days and the smoke station mid and tdi devices for 45 days. The company produced 1.38 million tons of polyurethane products in three seasons, with a 6.12% drop in the production ring.
Thanks to the proper organization of the company ' s overhaul programme, the sale of the company ' s PUR series in three quarters was not affected by the installation overhaul, and a total of 1.41 million tons of PUR were sold in three quarters, an increase of 2.17 per cent in the ring.
In the third quarter of 2024, the price of the company’s main raw materials increased markedly, adding up demand, and the price of the products was weak, causing the company’s overall net profit to run.
The price of raw material pure benzene/power coal/propane/butane is +13.06%/- Polymermdi/propylene/propanol/tdi for the three-quarter average price change of -1, " Hull China Chemistry " (600309): polyurethane
Improved supply and demand, new production of new projects opening up growth, compressing the profit margins of corporate products, leading to a reduction in net profits.
"Wanhua Chemistry" (600309): 23 years of industry: Abu Dhabi National Petroleum Company, Nordic Chemical Industries, Bolo Chemical Group, with 50% of all new materials under the Mandarin chemical flag: 50% shareholding
This collaboration is based on the bostar technology of the Nordic chemical industry, 2023-12-27.
In Fuzhou, Fujian Province, the construction of a special polyolefin integration facility with a capacity of up to 1.6 million tonnes/year, with a strong competitive advantage, mainly using the advanced bostard technology of the Nordic chemical industry.
The extensive experience in the production of acetylene and the combined advantages of HDRO in the ethane supply chain are expected to result in a significant increase in the international competitiveness of the HDRO after the project's introduction into the internationalization of 3.0.
Downward risks in the economy; risk of high volatility in product prices; under-construction of projects; risk of limited start-up of environmental policies; low demand downstream; presentation by the Chemical Group
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.