Lithium Tin Qian Industry (300618): Intra- and growing-extension lithium giants sit on the global high-quality Lithium Quality Mine, which expands. Telison is the company’s main financial indicator (in millions of dollars)
With the largest and best-quality lithium quarries in the world, lithium minerals account for about 65% of global lithium production and about 35% of global lithium resource supply. With high-quality resources, companies are expanding lithium mineral energy, with a gross rate of lithium concentrate for nearly three years.
• The proposed acquisition of 23.7% of sqm shares and the consolidation of resources is a competitive strategy. The Chilean Chemical Mining Corporation (Sqm) is the world’s largest producer of halogenated lithium.
Lithium is a leading cost in industry. If the acquisition is successfully completed, the share of the sqm and titanium industry in the global market will reach 38.7% based on the sales volume of lithium salt in 2017, and the concentration of the global supply of lithium resources will be further enhanced and corporate industrial voice enhanced.
● Lithium salt expansion and release performance. The company Quinana Production Base, Western Australia, designed to produce 24 million tons of annual capacity, is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 (update)
Pilot production; second phase of the battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide project is expected to be completed by the end of 2019; and the annual production of 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate plant in Suining City, Sichuan Province, is expected to be ready by the end of May 2020.
Lithium salt production, release of business performance. Lithium is the preferred choice for future electric car-powered batteries, and needs to support the price of lithium. With superior performance, mature technology, and perfect commercial ecology, lithium will be the future electric power.
Share price performance (last year) Core raw materials essential in the area of auto-powered batteries. Despite the large upstream lithium product expansion to respond to large-scale growth in demand in the future, it has been measured in the coming years.
The global supply of lithium salt is small and relatively balanced, with demand-side growth being an important factor underpinning the price of lithium. The mineral and lithium salt production can expand rapidly to enhance business performance.
After sqm 23.77 per cent of the stockholdings, the company will have the most mature and resource-rich salt lake resources globally, establish the position of the industry as the absolute leader of the global lithium resource, and, for the first time, give a “precautiously recommended” investment rating.
Production and lithium salt production are not as fast as expected: (3) the supply of lithium concentrates has increased significantly, with the risk of a significant decline in lithium salt products: (4) the revolutionary breakthrough in battery technology has reduced the demand for lithium and other unforeseen factors.
Lithium Tian Qian: The world's leading producer of lithium products. Lithium Idea 1.122 The company's predecessor, Lithium Hong, was established in 1995 and began with the purchase of lithium quartz, the core raw material, mainly from Sichuan, and has been in operation since 1999.
Telison is the world ' s largest producer of solid lithium, accounting for two thirds of the global supply of lithium quarries, and a market share of about 30% of the global lithium resource market. In May 2014, the company acquired 51% of Venfield ' s interest through a non-public distribution of shares.
Mining processing, deep processing of lithium-series products, and a global lithium industry that sells to one another. Corporate management teams have been committed to the concept of “responsible, efficient and responsible” and to creating “international leaders in the new energy materials industry with lithium industry at its core.” After more than 22 years of development, companies have high-quality and stable lithium resources, leading global lithium technology and deep technological experience.
The company's shareholders are the Tianqi Group, which holds 409.5 million shares, with 35.86% shareholdings.
With 88.6 per cent of the GZ shares, Jiang Weiping and his co-actors together controlled 41.02 per cent of the shares of the company.
The company’s main holding companies include Wenfield, Jiang Su Tianqi, Hung Tianqi, Chengdu Tianqi, Lithium Production and Tianqi Australia, where Thilisen, who is fully-owned, is involved in the mining and supply of lithium quarries, Jiang Su Tianqi and Hung Tianqi are involved in the production of lithium chemicals, Chengdu is involved in the sale of lithium concentrate and lithium chemical products, and the lithium industry is engaged in the mining of lithium quarries in Zhola, Ganz State, and Tian Qi is involved in the production of lithium chemicals.
Australia is engaged in the production of battery-grade lithium hydroxide.Telison is the world ' s leading lithium ore supplier, with lithium minerals accounting for about 65 per cent of global lithium production and a market share of about 35 per cent of global lithium supply. According to the latest stock assessment report, total lithium mine resources as at 30 September 2016 amounted to 165.1 million tons.
8.33 million tons of lithium equivalencies with carbonate; 86.4 million tons of lithium reserves with carbonate equivalents of 5 million tons. China has the right to mine the Western part of the Asia-Yajiang County Lithium quarries, the Western part of the Asia-Zola Lithium quarites mine, the 17.714 million tons of lithium ores and the 255,744 tons of lithium oxide resources. The company participates in the Zabuye stock, completing the saline lake resource reserve, and Zabuje Salt Lake is the best source of domestic resources.
Lithium salt lake resources, equivalent to 1.83 million tons of carbonate and 0.01 million tons of lithium magnesium. Upstream, the lithium concentrate can expand.
In July 2018, the company’s board of directors adopted a bill to continue the expansion of lithium concentrate in the third phase of Tyllison, which is expected to increase the chemical-grade lithium concentrate to 1.8 million tons per year by 2021. In the case of lithium salt processing, the company’s flood production base is designed to produce more than 17,000 tons per year, the main product is expected to increase to 1.8 million tons by 2021.
For lithium salt products such as lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride, lithium metal, etc., for all levels; for the acquisition of lithium carbonate production base in Jiangsujiang port in 2015, with an annual capacity of 17 million tons; for the Quanana lithium hydroxide production base in Western Australia, with an annual capacity of 24 million tons, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2018; and for the construction of the "Lithium Hydrogen Oxide Project for the second generation of 24 tons of batteries per year" by the company's board of directors in October 2017,
It is expected that production will be completed by the end of 2019; a project to produce 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate per year in Suining City, Sichuan Province, is expected to be ready by the end of May 2020.
In terms of company operations, more than 99 per cent of the revenue is derived from lithium-related products, as the production of lithium products has increased over the last five years, and the company's main business is Māori in Figure 4 for the last five years.
The company’s sales of lithium salt have increased significantly through upgrading. The company’s Māori rate for products is highly correlated with lithium carbonate prices, which has remained at about 70 per cent for more than two years during the lithium industry’s climate cycle.
2.1 The world's largest producer of lithium quarries, Telison Lithium, is derived mainly from solid mineral resources and liquid mineral resources, and lithium mineral raw materials consist mainly of lithium cloud mothers, lithium marbles and lithium quartz, which, in the global lithium supply pattern, have the term “trihalogenite”, which is used in Chilean sqm, fmc, Yabelb and Telilison, of which sqm
Atacama Salt Lake in Chile, fmc in Argentina, Onbremuerto Salt Lake, Yapoalb in Chile, Atacama Salt Lake and Silverpeak Salt Lake in the United States, while “one mine” refers to Telison, the world's largest producer of lithium quarries, founded in October 2009 and registered in Perth, Australia, for exploration of the Green Bush Lithite mine in Australia,
Mining, processing, and marketing operations, the Greenbush lithium mine is closer to the city of West Australia, and the port of Banbury, with the main products being technical-grade lithium concentrate and chemical-grade lithium concentrate. Telison has the world’s largest and best-quality lithium quartz mine, the world’s largest solid lithium mine supplier, in the Chinese market.
According to the global solid lithium mine, Telison is at the top of the world in terms of resource volume and grade, and is currently the world’s largest lithium quartz mine. In recent years, the company’s phasing-in of lithium concentrate expansion is expected to reach 1.8 million tons/year in 2021, based on the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry and the continuous increase in the company’s resource plus lithium salt processing enterprise prices.
In addition, Telison now holds 50% of Sala’s shares through fully-owned subsidiaries, as well as 20% of the shares. Sala Salt Lake has a larger lithium halogen detection project in Chile, located in the Atacama region of northern Chile and containing seven salt lakes.
Sala Salt Lake has full interest in five of these lakes and some of the other two. 2.2 Efficient cross-border M&As, with a significant improvement in business performance, August 2012 when the United States lithium giant Lockwood proposed a full acquisition of Tyllison at a price of $6.50 per share, which will allow the global lithium to be purchased.
In order to secure the supply of raw materials upstream, the Tianqi Group launched an emergency cut-off and successfully completed the Tyllison takeover in March 2013 for a period of only seven months. In May 2014, the company completed the acquisition of Tyllison-related rights to the Tianqi Group through non-public developers ' shares, perfecting the upstream resource layout of the company ' s lithium industry chain, and laying the groundwork for the production of high- and middle-lying lithium.
The firm’s efficient merger and acquisition of Telison has led to a marked improvement in its business performance, its profitability, its ability to grow and its market share, as well as a significant increase in its profitability and its ability to grow. Through mergers and acquisitions of Telison, the company occupies a place in the global supply of lithium resources, with a global market share rising from zero to 13%, and the company’s transformation from a simple lithium processing enterprise into a comprehensive multinational lithium collection with a well-developed industrial chain.
In summary, this M & As fully reflects the firm’s unique forward-looking capacity for the industry, its excellent cross-border M & As and its deep resource integration capacity, which helps companies to seize strategic development opportunities and achieve cross-cutting corporate development.
Figure 9 Increases in corporate growth after M&As 2.3 proposes to acquire sqm equity, with ambition of 2.3.1 The world's largest producer of lithium halogenated water - sqm
The Chilean Chemical Mining Corporation (sqm), one of the world ' s leading producers of lithium products and one of the oldest suppliers of agrochemical fertilizers, was founded on 17 June 1968 and has been operating in Chile for 49 years, establishing a leading position in the global nitrate industry through the constant development of new production industries and technologies, with sodium nitrate and potassium nitrate production for both industrial and agricultural purposes as the world ' s leading producer.
Sqm has been producing lithium carbonate since 1997 and lithium hydroxide since 2005, with a wealth of salt, lake halogenated lithium and production techniques. Sqm's main camp operations involve five main plates, including special plant fertilizers, iodine and derivatives, lithium and its derivatives, industrial chemicals, potassium and others.
Special plant fertilizers, mainly potassium nitrate, sodium nitrate, sodium nitrate and special hybrid products, were sold at 96,62 million tons in 2017, representing a global market share of 35 per cent; lithium sqm and derivatives were sold at 4.97 million tons in 2017, representing a global market share of 23 per cent; industrial chemicals, including sodium nitrate, potassium nitrate and potassium chloride, were sold at 16,76 million tons in 2017; potassium and its derivatives were sold at 2017.
Sales amounted to 130,000 tons, representing less than 3 per cent of the total market share.
Lithium from salt lakes dominates supply, and the resource endowment from Atacama Salt Lake is superior. Traditional ores-based lithium technologies, despite relatively mature production processes, are relatively high production costs, high energy consumption, and high slag levels, which are becoming less competitive in the market as national environmental protection and energy-saving reduction requirements increase.
The combination of environmentally friendly features and competitiveness has become the dominant method of producing lithium salt overseas, with 80% of the world ' s lithium salt production being derived from lithium halogenated from salt lakes. Atacama Salt Lake is the second largest salt lake in the world. The lake ' s climate is extremely dry and highly evaporated. Its salt crust is thick from several dozen centimetres to about one metre. Its crystalline lithium concentrations are rare in the world, compared to the resources of other salt lakes, Atacá.
Since the 1990s, sqm has invested in the Atacama Salt Lake area, building factories and producing potassium fertilizer and lithium salt products, and after many years of production and operation, the region has been fully equipped with basic production facilities, including multiple facilities.
Halo ponds, underground and ground pipes, mining machinery and equipment, office buildings, hydroelectric facilities, etc., have a clear initial advantage in the extraction of lithium salt. For winter and summer temperatures, sqm uses a completely different route of salt separation extraction and processing processes, such as lithium and potassium, to set an example for the development of the resources of the world ' s salt lakes.
Operating experience, sqm is a leader in the cost of lithium in various companies around the world. The sqm lithium resource is rich, with 8.13 million tons in the salt lake at Tacama. The main lithium resource mineral interests under the sqm flag include the following: (1) mining rights for leasing the saladeatachama salt lake halogenated mining areas in northern Chile, and mining rights around saladeatachama salt lake and prospecting
Right: (2) mine rights interest in the cauchar-01aroz salt lake project in Jujuy, Argentina, with 50% shareholding joint venture with lithics; (3) mine rights interest in the mountholland lithium mining project in Western Australia with 50% shareholding joint venture with kidmanresourcesmited.
In the field, the potential reserves of lithium carbonate were 4.89 million tons, with a potential stock of 3.33 million tons, with a total of 8.13 million tons.tt, expanded to 100,000 tons in 2019; has a capacity of 6,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, expanded to 135,000 tons in 2018. Sqm, developed in cooperation with the Lithium America industry, plans to design a capacity of 50,000 tons/year for lithium carbonate, which is expected to be operational in 2019; sqm and kidman.
The business income of the sqm company grew by 11.24 per cent in 2017, while the Māori rate was 35.3 per cent, an increase of 3.8 per cent in the same year.
In terms of operational structure, the share of sqm lithium salt in operating income increased from 9 per cent in 2013 to 30 per cent in 2017, the current level of 48,000 tons of lithium salt increased to 100,000 tons in 2017, the capacity of lithium hydroxide will increase to 135,000 tons in 2018, the expansion of sqm lithium salt production will increase the business income share of the company ' s lithium salt products, and the low-cost lithium advantage of sqm will further safeguard its profitability growth.
On 18 May 2018, the company ' s board of directors considered and adopted a bill on the signing of an agreement to purchase 23,77 per cent of the shares of sqm, with the intention that global lithium deposits would be highly concentrated in terms of the supply of lithium deposits, mainly in Greenbush, Australia, Bernick, Andalo Province, Canada, Biquita, Zimbabwe, and Yichun and Kanding, Jiangxi, China.
Atacama in Chile, Onbremueto and Oraros in Argentina, Uyuni in Bolivia, Silver Salt Lake in the United States, Zabuye Salt Lake in China, Salt Lake in Tibet, Salt Lake in the Blue Sea, etc. The global supply of lithium resources is expected to continue to be represented in Australia in the coming years, owing to a variety of factors, such as the natural environment, infrastructure development, the political environment, and technical conditions.
If the acquisition is successfully completed, the company will have both the world’s best lithium ore and salt lake resources, establish a global industry with an absolute leader in lithium resources, and significantly raise the sector’s voice and strategic importance. Total annual demand for lithium salt is 212,000 tons, accounting for sales volume, and the share of the sqm and titanium industry in the global market is 38.7%.
This will lead to a significant increase in the global concentration of lithium supply markets. Moreover, through acquisitions, companies will master the production techniques associated with lithium production in salt lakes, thus strengthening the strategic objective of the resource, while providing a solid basis for the expansion of production capacity in midstreams and achieving the strategic objective of creating companies as internationally competitive suppliers of first-class lithium materials.
Figure 17.2017 Global sales of lithium salt by major manufacturers
Lithium is the lightest element after hydrogen and helium. Lithium is ranked third in the periodic table of elements, the world's lightest metal, the elemental symbol li, primary sub-number 3. In the congener metals, lithium has a small molecular mass (6.94), a density of 0.534 g/cm3 and a high electrolytic equivalent (3.87ah/g),
Low charge (-3.045v), good heat conductivity, low resistance, and favourable to electrodes. Lithium is a unique chemical agent with low density, high-level energy, and is the ideal electrode for batteries, and is called “energy metal of the twenty-first century” because of its prominent environmental characteristics, and lithium is listed as “clean energy of the twenty-first century.” The Chinese Academy of Engineering, Zheng Siangping, suggested: “The lithium issue should be considered as an energy issue and developed vigorously.
The new energy source based on lithium resources is an important breakthrough in the energy revolution and is conducive to the country's occupation of a new round of international competition.” Lithium is the chemical element used in the controlled fusion reaction for tritium. Lithium-6 and lithium-7 are two isotopes of lithium, while the tritium required in the fusion response is produced by a neutron bombardment of lithium-6 in a reactor, because of the abundance of controlled fusion energy and the absence of radioactive materials that pollute the environment.
At the same time, lithium has the advantage of low melting points (180°C), high boiling points (1340°C), high heat capacity, high heat conductivity, low pumping power, etc., which are good heat transfer media in nuclear reactors, and is known as "high-energy metals" given its unique properties and applications in the atomic energy industry.
From steam engines to internal combustion engines and electric motors, humans are constantly discovering energy, using energy and increasing the productivity of society. Lithium, as an important electrical storage, storage material, and ideal material for controlled fusion reactions, will surely occupy a prominent place in the energy system of the twenty-first century. 3.2 Lithium ion batteries perform well and develop rapidly.
With the environmental pollution of fossil fuels and the depletion of resources, sustainable renewable energy and efficient storage systems, such as wind energy and light energy, have been promoted. In 1973, the commercialization of Japan’s fluorine-based lithium batteries at pine electric appliances was successful, and five years later, the production of the lithium dioxide batteries of Japan’s tri-ocean company, which led to a sharp drop in the price of lithium batteries. The successful commercialization of lithium cells has triggered a second wave of battery development, the end of 80 years.
The first commercial Li/mo2 lithium metal secondary battery was launched by the Canadian Moli Energy Corporation. In 1991, Sony Japan launched liquid, electrolytic lithium ion batteries, opening a new era in the consumption of battery products: in 1999, eight companies led by Matsuko Japan launched lithium ion cluster batteries, and since then, lithium ion batteries have had a number of advantages over energy, miniaturization, light quantification and safety in various applications.
Since 1962, when the United States military came up with the idea of introducing lithium metal into battery design, after more than 30 years of research and development, lithium batteries have been commercialized for large-scale applications, but since then, because of their unique performance advantages, the pace of development has been ahead of others, such as nickel and cadmium batteries.
At 134 million kilowatt-hours per year, the average annual compound increase was 29.6%, compared with 35.2% for lithium ion batteries from 2011 to 2016, which is much higher than the rate of growth in the other three secondary batteries. The price of lithium ion batteries, which is the lowest in the secondary batteries, according to the cost of high-tech lithium electron batteries, has led to a tendency for lithium batteries to replace other secondary batteries.
The market demand for other secondary batteries is shrinking more and more. 3.3 Lithium is the preferred choice for future electric car power cells. Lithium ion cells are the youngest generation of secondary batteries, but after more than 30 years of gradual improvement, the lithium ion batteries are based on superior performance.
In 2006, lithium batteries were first applied in electric vehicles, and the application of lithium ion batteries in automobiles began to flourish with the release of Teslarodster ' s car product in 2008. According to French avicene, 50% of the total demand for lithium ion batteries came from electric cars, exceeding consumer battery products.
Lithium ion batteries have been used on a large scale in the market for electric cars. Currently, there are still many options for the technical route of power cells due to new-energy vehicle re-entry miles and power performance, but, according to government planning requirements, an increase in the energy density of the power cell monomer is a necessary requirement, and the new system batteries are the main future technology development direction, the main one being the main one.
If it is dominated by fully solid lithium cells, lithium sulfur cells and lithium air cells. Thus, even if the future lithium ion cells are to evolve as applications of power cells, with the unique performance of lithium and its mature commercial development and application environment, lithium will remain the future non-existent or future large-volume lithium cell development path in the area of electric motor batteries.
4. Supply and demand are relatively balanced. Demand supports the development of lithium-based vehicles at 4.1, leading to high growth in lithium demand, which rises from mid-year to up to 46 per cent in 2017, while the consumption of lithium in the ceramic glass industry declined from 27 per cent in 2017 to year-on-year.
The share of lithium consumption in the domestic battery sector is higher: according to Anteco data, the battery sector accounts for 61% of the lithium consumption structure, compared to 12% in the glass and ceramic industries. According to IR projections, the rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry has benefited from the expected market share of power cells in batteries in 2018, which is expected to exceed 60% and will become power cells in the future as the volume of electric car sales increases and the demand for smart phones slows down.
Figure 242017: Global lithium consumption structure benefits from the rapid development of new energy vehicles, with a significant increase in carbonate demand. We assume 60 kwh per electric car with electricity at 220wh/kg
The annual global sale of electric vehicles will reach 3 million vehicles, with a calculated demand for lithium carbonate of 932,000 tons, including 1.7 million new electric vehicles and 5.3 million new lithium carbonate, representing approximately 23.3 per cent of the consumption of lithium carbonate in 2017.
Energy cars are still in their early stages of development. As power cell technology matures and progresses, new-energy car mileage anxiety and recharge facilities improve, the surge in new-energy vehicle production is expected to lead to a significant increase in lithium carbonate demand during the phase-out of conventional fuel cars.
With global lithium resources concentrated in South America, Australia, and domestic salt lakes, dominated by large deposits and salt lakes, upstream resource concentration is high, and production of middle- and middle-carrying lithium compounds is concentrated in a few giants. According to statistics, the world’s five largest lithium compounds and metal lithium suppliers account for the world’s largest producers.
At present, the market is worried about the large excess supply of lithium salt and the price of lithium carbonate is falling. Based on future production planning by several giants, we give a forecast of the production of lithium salt over the next three years, taking into account the pace of production and capacity utilization factors.
The global supply of lithium salt is considered to be small, but generally relatively balanced, with demand-side growth being an important factor underpinning lithium prices. 5. Corporate profitability forecasting and valuation (1) In the near future, markets have been concerned about the excess supply of lithium salt due to giants’ production, and the price of lithium salt products continues to decline.
High, actual output and the difference in capacity, and based on the prudent principle, we expect that the company ' s main operating income for lithium salt products in 2018-2020 will be derived mainly from the sale of lithium ore and lithium salt, respectively. We assume that the company produces the whole of the lithium concentrate, except for the production of lithium salt, and assumes that the company produces 1 ton of lithium salt per 7.5 tons of lithium ore.
(3) Over the next three years, the company’s lithium concentrates will continue to expand, taking into account such factors as the capacity to climb and the capacity to produce, we assume that the company’s lithium concentrates will be 680,000 tons, 1.1 million tons, and 1.23 million tons, respectively, between 2018 and 2020. At the same time, after the construction of the company’s new production line for lithium radium oxide, the period of experimental production and capacity to climb is usually more than six months, and we assume that the capacity of the new project will be 80%.
(4) Acquisitions of sqm have not yet been completed and do not take into account the impact on corporate profitability and valuation.
The company has an excellent valuation of the world's high-quality lithium quartz resources, and its ability to expand its operations rapidly, with its lithium concentrate and lithium salt production. At the same time, taking into account the proposed merger of sqm 23.77% of its equity, the company will have the most sophisticated and resource-rich salt lake resources globally, and will have the industrial location that will establish the world's absolute leader in lithium resources.
(i) Systemic risks in global capital markets: (2) the company's ability to produce lithium concentrate and lithium salt is not as fast as expected;
(3) The significant increase in the supply of lithium concentrates, resulting in the risk of a significant decline in lithium salt products; (4) a revolutionary breakthrough in battery technology in demand for lithium and other unforeseeable factors.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.