Researchchand developmentcenter
– Sub-In-depth report by Guotai Corporation (600519) Recapitulation 2020: quality, solid investment proposal: Mao Dai's 2020 performance goal is almost complete, and XIV5 sets high-quality development.
Looking back at the short-term decline in the climate in 2020, it weakened the market, the long-term trend towards head concentration in the white wine industry accelerated, branding intensified, capital markets increased the allocation of head companies with a clear pattern of competition, and demand for short-term growth decreased.
Low, with greater emphasis on the sustainability and certainty of business development, Mao Dai will be given more attention as a scarcely high-quality asset. Mao Dai is still capable of multiplying his performance over five years, with growth points coming from incremental growth, the 14th Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fifteen-Fift-Fifteen-Fifteen-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-Fin-T in 2020 2020 2020 in 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
The director and the chairman have repeatedly emphasized the high-quality development philosophy, insisting on three lifelines: Quality, Safety, Ecology, with a "three-way" for the "three-way" and a "three-way" for the "three-way" approach, with a constant awareness of anxiety, risk, crisis, and the whole process of production and development.
As a result, the 30,000-ton alcohol reform project was launched, and five years of “intellectual huts” were launched, making data a high-quality engine for development. Under the guarantee of high-quality development, the company sought to achieve the goal of becoming the top 500 firm in the province during the “14-five” period.
In the second half of 2019, the company began cleaning up social distributors, increasing the amount of direct distribution channels and achieving price stability.
For the first time, the distributors have become A, creating a new model for cooperation between the distributors and the distributors.
Expand new marketing channels and complement existing ones, build new end-marketing models, explain the future, with scarce and high-quality assets the preferred capital, and keep the logic of long-term price increases. At a new start of hundreds of billions, if the company’s “145” planning goal is to be achieved, that is, to go to the world in 2025.
The Division is expected to produce 56,000 tons of poo wine, 1st grade of wine series, long-term price upscaling logic Catalysts of stock price: increased prices for the Mautai wine market; expected inflation temperature; risk factors: excessive price increases lead to political public opinion risk; increased onset of the winter epidemic
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
In 2020, Maotai’s extreme resilience in the epidemic pushed its stock price to rise, and now its stock price has exceeded $2,000. The market believes that there is a risk of market bubbles in the current overvaluation.
The value of the white wine tap comes from the weighting of industry-specific intangible assets. The value depends on the expected growth, certainty, continuity of a series of future cash flows, which are a key factor in determining the value, but the market will give different weights to the three elements in a phased manner due to the uncertainty of the future. Against the background of the global economic slowdown,
This logic is reinforced again in the white wine industry. The continuity and certainty of the white wine industry comes from the historical endorsements of Chinese wine culture, brand depositions of rum companies, and the spiritual attributes of the product itself.
Values are most difficult to accumulate, and are most valuable. For example, a large number of firms whose R & D costs are mostly costed and ultimately generate valuable patents, few assets; for example, companies compete to the end not with brands, products, channels, etc., but with the culture and values of the business; and for example, humans have greater advantages than other animals based on the imagination of the language system.
From the point of view of intangibles, the most sustainable and definitive developments in the white wine industry are, and the leading ones are of greater intangible value. The valuation of the white wine taps has been eroded by the industry’s short-term climate.
There are obvious deviations, but there has been a significant increase in the value of the market. We believe that in a more stable competitive pattern, such as white wine, we should place more emphasis on the long-term concentration of the industry’s headlines and on the competitive advantage of the firm.
The trend has become clearer in a number of industrial swings, and the rise in institutional investor market pricing is better matched by a better understanding of the unique attributes of the white wine industry and the competitive edge of the vanguard. And, from the point of view of the broad asset allocation, the higher short-term valuation reduces the expected return on the long-term stock holdings, but in the long-term and low-cost funding options, the lower-cost returns on the larger assets and the lower-cost capital options.
Risk comparisons still have advantages. So, we think, first, that even if the epidemic causes the industry to fluctuate again, there is a limited impact on the valuation of white wine taps. Second, the increase in the valuation of white wine taps is not only due to the demonstrated business cycle weakening, but rather to the continuity and certainty of the intangible assets of white wine. Third, under the current valuation, white wine is in a large group of assets.
During the first half of the year, the wine plate recovered at a slower pace than it did, reflecting the strong brand resilience of high-end white wine. Thanks to the mid-autumn double-fested season, regional branding has resumed at an accelerated pace, third-quarter performance has improved significantly to boost market confidence, and alcohol companies are actively preparing for the Spring Festival.
With the arrival of the sales season, the white plate has increased significantly in the fourth quarter, reaching 99.8 per cent year-round, and the 2019 plan target has fallen short of expectations, with higher stock prices falling. In 2019, the stock price of the top five was higher, with the highest valuation being 30 times higher than in the middle of the year, at an all-time high, and the rate of growth and valuation was not matched by market concerns about the white wine industry cycle or again.
In advance of the first trading day of 2020 (2 January), Maotai shares issued a performance forecast stating that total operating income and net profits were expected to grow by about 15 per cent in 2019, that net profits or negative growth were projected for four quarters of the year, that income growth was characterized by faster and slower growth in industry, and that in 2019 the group’s income was over hundreds of millions of dollars, and that performance targets slowed down reasonably.
In response to the domestic epidemic during the Spring Festival, the first trading day of the festival saw a sharp drop in the market, and the pessimism was highlighted. On the eve of Spring 2020, with the peak of spring returns, the new coronary outbreak erupted on a massive scale in Hubei Province and spread rapidly throughout the country, with 31 provinces initiating a public health emergency response, spring holidays were extended for the first three days, most of the provinces and cities were resumed for one week.
Economic production has stagnated. As a result of this, the market's negative mood has increased, and the three major shares of the first trading day after Spring Day (3 February) have fallen sharply, falling by 7.72 per cent, deep down by 8.45 per cent, the start-up board has fallen by 6.85 per cent, the stock of 3212 a, and the Chairman of the White Wine research has stressed that the 2020 goal will remain unchanged and a positive response signal will be released. On 4 February, the then Chairman of the company, Paul Fong, was released.
In research on the prevention and control of the epidemic in all units, it was stressed that Mao Dai is following the stated goal of this year of “no change in plans, no change in tasks, no change in targets, no drop in employees' income” and is putting in place a positive signal of resistance to pressure and risk, and is working to achieve the objective of “half and half” production in the first half of the year, thus laying the foundation for economic recovery in the second half of the year.
On 13 February, with the active deployment of the company's leadership, the Maotai Group took the lead in the resumption of work throughout the industry; on 17 February, the first mahogany of the geese year began to operate from the relevant units of the packaging production line, packaging, cutting workshops and sales, marking a complete and orderly resumption of work.
In mid-February, with the exception of the Hubei province, a series of resumptions began to take place. On 4 February and 6 March, the number of cases rose by 9 per cent, largely to pre-celebratory levels; in the end, 14.8 per cent and 16.5 per cent, respectively, respectively, were higher than before. The market considered the country to be timely and firm.
Since February 3, there has been a marked increase in inflows of foreign capital to the huts, and the price of the huts has risen back to $1,100. The global epidemic has spread, the US share has triggered four smelting mechanisms in 10 days, and the global stock market has fallen sharply.
The US epidemic is also getting worse, with US stock indices triggering a melting mechanism four times in 10 days from March 9th, and massive panic in the global market. Domestic capital markets are equally implicated, falling six days in a row, falling again by 2,700 points. This time, the global epidemic has had more negative effects on our capital market than it did in February.
The Civil Aviation Authority has significantly reduced international flights, strictly controlled the possibility of foreign entry, and the impact of foreign epidemics has been limited. Since the outbreak began, the Civil Aviation Authority has continued to reduce the number of international flights, retaining only one line from one country as of March 26th to minimize the impact of foreign flights.
In order to minimize the influx of people from within and outside the country, the internal epidemic has been brought under effective control, economic production has gradually returned to normal and the consumption of white wine has been released. The market believes that the impact of the foreign epidemic on the domestic economy is limited and will not affect the country’s economic recovery.
On May 21, the two national conferences held at which economic growth targets were not set for 2020, the first time in almost two decades that economic growth rates had not been imposed, monetary policy and fiscal policy.
On May 22, Beijing announced that it would promote the implementation of the National Security Act in Hong Kong, which the United States Government threatened to respond strongly, and the resulting volatility in the stock market affected domestic capital markets as well. On May 23, Trump, in an anomaly, only verbally or orally, announced that
Hong Kong will be removed from its independent tariff status without substantial measures being put in place to eliminate the uncertainty of sanctions and promote a rebound in the domestic market. On the same week weekend, it was reported that a t+0 workshop would take place, which would significantly increase market liquidity and benefit the market. On 1 June, the pmi index was published, a 1.3 pct higher than in April, indicating the highest number of businesses since February.
Business is gradually returning to normal, and the economic climate is expected to improve continuously. Thanks to recent positive factors, the market rose on 1 June, and foreign investment has been pouring into the ground since April, with a combination of loose monetary policy and a strong market performance in the middle of the year. Since the collapse of the United States four times in mid-March, foreign investment has been re-infused again, with a rise in the share of land toll from 7.89 per cent to 8.54 per cent.
After that, monetary policy was relaxed, the prices of financial institutions were low, m2, the rate of growth of the financial institutions was high, and macro liquidity was abundant. On July 1st, a big break of 3,000 points became a sign point for a new round of rapid growth, with optimism driven by a massive capital inflows into the market, which led to the first-ever breakthrough of $2 trillion in market value and $1,700 in equity prices.
On 16 July, the National Statistical Office issued a national economic report card for the first half of the year, with an overall decline of 1.6 per cent in the first half of the year, and a negative turnaround in the growth rate of the q2 economy, with a 3.2 per cent increase in the previous half.
Domestic supply-side data are gradually recovering at both the supply and demand ends, with industry increases of national size and above falling by 1.3 per cent in the first half of the year, but by less than 7.1 pct in the first quarter, with a 4.4 per cent increase in q2; and retail data on social consumption, which is more clearly affected by demand, with less improvement than industrial value-added data, with total retail sales of social consumer goods falling in the first half of the year.
11.4 per cent, or a reduction of 7.6 pct from the first quarter, with a decrease of 3.9 per cent for q2 and 1.8 per cent in June, except for the ongoing frictions in the market between the United States and the United States, where the stock market reshuffled again. On July 21, the United States unilaterally provoked an incident and suddenly demanded that China close its Consulate General in Houston at 4 p.m. On July 24th, the United States Secretary of State, Pompeyo, issued a policy speech to China on July 23rd.
On the morning of July 24, China decided to withdraw its permission to establish and operate the Consulate General of the United States in Chengdu, and to make specific demands on the Consul General of Chengdu to stop all his operations and activities and to respond hard to the actions of the United States. The Chinese-American conflict intensified and was affected by this, July.
Q2 q2 of the white wine plate has improved, the price has been kept up, and market confidence has been given. The semi-annual report at the end of July revealed that most alcohol companies have seen their income fall by a narrow margin, with a small reversal of the trend, and that the industry has resumed sales to a reasonable level.
The price went up to about $2720, and parts of the five grain fluids went up to $960 in order to assert their firm confidence in the development of the industry. In mid-August, the white wine industry began a new boom, with the first-ever stock price of $1,800.
On the night of September 15, the US Federal Reserve Chairman Powell’s interest hike was expected to trigger a panic in the market, the US stock tail jumped, the next day it became apparent that foreign capital had escaped from the white plate, and the share of the flat stock fell by 0.33 pct over 10 days in a row. As a result of the foreign flight, the price of the flat stock fell again to around $1,600.
On July 15, the People’s Daily’s new media platform’s learning group published an article, “Who's buying the bill?” and on September 22, the Central Committee’s National Monitoring Committee’s Network published “Aware of the rise in the price of high-end white wine causing a backlash.”
Since the beginning of the year, Mao Dai officials have made little mention of price-fixing markets, but they have mentioned them twice in four quarters, once in October in Jinan, and again in December in Dalian in Dalian in the three north-eastern provinces, where Maotai has stated that he will continue to fight such actions as price-fixing and pledge to do his job in price-fixing.
With the exception of a small number of imported cases outside the country, the domestic epidemic has been effectively controlled, with increased consumption of the Mid-Autumn Day, weddings, business dinners, etc., the return of regional brandy sales, and the expected performance of several liquor companies in the three-quarters.
Further concentration towards regional poles, where the market is expected to continue to divide industries in 2021, and where regional pole growth is more stable than that of his liquor company. Under the trend of “sample hotness,” poo prices continue to break through the ceiling, giving the industry more room for price increases.
Since 2019, soy sauce has become a hot spot in the industry, and the epidemic continues to affect it. The price of a batch, which was affected by a quarterly epidemic, fell to $2,000, and as the recovery economy has recovered, the price has risen.
It's because of the rapid increase in the price of the puppies, which gives more room for price hikes to other white wines, and a lot of alcohol increases in the second half of the year. The main products of the soybean industries, such as gold sandsa, state towers, fishing counters, rums, and wines, ranged from 20 to 40%, and they're on the hot side of soy sauce, consolidating the soy sauce.
The first three quarters saw a smaller increase in second-line liquor prices, lower valuations, and greater financial propensity. After the third quarter, the white wine industry gained confidence.
Since November, second-line alcohol prices have risen by far above the first-line alcohol prices, driving the fast growth of the white plate. 2. The downside of the epidemic has shown great resilience, insisting on a high-quality development path.
As a result of the epidemic, most of the listed liquor companies have performed poorly for the past quarter, and only five of the white wine companies have grown in reverse. As a result of long-term market imbalances between supply and demand, Mao has managed well to recover under the epidemic, with revenue growth of 12.76 per cent and profit growth of 16.69 per cent.
On 4 February, the then Chairman of the company, Li Bofan, stressed in his research that the 2020 target of “the plan remains the same, the task remains the same, the targets are the same, and the staff income is the same”; on 11 February, at the group meeting on disease prevention, rehabilitation and deployment, the party committee again proposed a “four-in-one” tone; and during the two meetings, the chairman of the board,
Gao Weidong stated that Mao was ensuring that the year-long target mission would be “no drop” and that it would be quick enough to complete the year-long task more and better. On June 10, he expressed his confidence in minimizing the impact of the epidemic and his confidence in the economic environment, the development of the white industry and the ability to develop it, and continued to implement the jobs required by the "Four No" goal.
At a time when the epidemic hit the economy the most, the Maotai leadership insisted on a year-round commitment to the target, confident in business development, and sent a positive signal to the market. Revenue and profits are expected to grow by about 10% throughout the year, in line with the target for the beginning of the year.
The announcement, according to preliminary accounts, produced in 2020 about 50,000 tons of pow-barrel and about 25,000 tons of liquor, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same year, in line with the company’s target of 10 per cent growth at the beginning of the year. The announcement also stated that Guotai Mau, a fully-owned subsidiary in 2020, was expected to raise about 9.4 billion dollars (about 10.6 billion in tax sales), compared with 2019 base.
Ben flat (9,542 million in 2019), despite a limited increase, the price of a series of wines has risen significantly, market recognition has increased and has contributed to the development of the wine industry.
Figure 16: Marginal increase in alcohol contribution in the 2020 series