CRRC-A
China
Consensus ratings*:
CRRC released its 1H19 results and hosted a results conference call after market
close on 29 August 2019.
Current price:
Rmb7.35
The 1H19 results were largely in line with our and consensus earnings estimates.
Target price:
Rmb11.00
Total revenue in 1H19 rose 11.4% YoY, while net profit in grew 16.2% YoY. The growth
Rmb12.20
Previous target:
was driven mainly by its core railway and urban transit vehicle segments.
Up/downside:
49.7%
We remain positive on its core business growth outlook in 2H19. We maintain our
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
32.8%
earnings forecast for the Company in 2019–2020. We cut our target price (TP) only
from Rmb12.20 to Rmb11.00. Our TP is based on our CRRC-H share valuation and
601766.SS
Reuters:
the historical A/H premium (discount). We think the current CRRC-A valuation is
Bloomberg:
601766 CH
unjustified by its double-digit earnings growth potential. We reiterate our ADD rating
US$28,001m
Market cap:
on the stock.
Rmb200,017m
Solid 1H19 results
US$38.69m
Average daily turnover:
Total revenue rose 11.4% YoY in 1H19, with growth seen mainly in its core railway and
Rmb268.3m
urban transit vehicle segments (Fig 1). Its core railway business (56% of total revenue in
28.699m
Current shares o/s:
1H19) had revenue growth of 20.3% YoY vs. 11.5% YoY growth in 2018. This was led
46.0%
Free float:
mainly led by the locomotive, passenger carriage and MU segments. Its urban transit
vehicle business growth also accelerated 37.7% YoY in 1H19 vs. 3.6% YoY growth in
Key changes in this note
2018. The new business segment reported revenue that was largely flat YoY in 1H19,
FY19F Revenue no changes.
\mathbf{z}
with growth in its new energy equipment segment offsetting a revenue decline in its new
FY19F EPS no changes.
materials and auto parts business. CRRC further scaled down its lower-margin modern
FY19F ROE no changes.
\mathbf{z}
service business in 1H19. The gross profit margin contracted by 0.8ppt YoY to 22.5% in
1H19 due to changes in the revenue mix. But SG&A costs as a percentage of sales fell
from 15.5% in 1H18 to 14.7% in 1H19 due to effective cost control. With the decrease in
financing costs, its net profit margin expanded by 0.1ppt YoY and its net profit grew
16.2% YoY in 1H19.
Core business growth outlook intact
We remain positive on the railway equipment demand growth outlook in 2H19. Railway
FAI will remain a key measure to help the central government ensure steady economic
growth. At the results meeting, management suggested that railway FAI in 2019F will
reach more than Rmb800bn, with railway equipment investment reaching no less than
Rmb100bn, implying >10% YoY growth. China Railway Corporation (CRC) gave priority
Source: Bloomberg
to its corporate restructuring and business reforms in 1H19; hence, it has barely made
Price performance
12M
any tenders on MUs CYTD. But management expects CRC to win new tenders on MUs,
Absolute (%)
freight wagons, etc. in 2H19. We expect its revenue growth in 2H19 to be driven by its
Relative (%)
MU, passenger carriage, freight wagon and urban transit vehicle segments. We expect its
revenue to grow 12.8% and 14.0% YoY in 2019F and 2020F, respectively.
% held
Major shareholders
CRCCG
The gross profit margin contraction in 1H19 was mainly due to changes in the revenue
mix. We expect its gross profit margin to remain stable in 2019–2020, given an improving
revenue mix. We expect its SG&A costs as a percentage of sales to further fall in 2019-
2020, led by cost control from its continuous business streamlining. Considering its
margin expansion potential, we expect net profit to grow about 20% p.a. in 2019–2020F.
High earnings growth visibility to drive valuation recovery
We reiterate our ADD rating for CRRC-A. We slightly cut our TP from Rmb12.20 to
Rmb11.00. Our TP is based on our CRRC-H share valuation and the historical A/H
premium (discount). We think the market was previously too bearish on CRRC's earnings
growth outlook. The current valuation is unjustified by its double-digit earnings growth
potential in 2019. We expect its share price to react positively to the solid 1H19 results.
Analyst(s)
Kelly Zou
Wong Chi Man
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA, BLOOMBERG
Industrial Machinery | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.