A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Willsemi (603501 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Long-term positive view unchanged with non-
Target Price
mobile CIS to power future growth
(Previous TP
RMB 346.90)
Up/Downside
+30%
Willsemi released 3Q21 results. Rev./NP of RMB5.9bn/1.3bn (-1.0%/73.1% YoY),
Current Price
largely in-line with preannouncement of net profit earlier, due to weak smartphone
sales and supply chain constraints. Considering underlying negative factors
China Technology Sector
which would last longer, we revised down our FY21E-23E rev. forecasts, but
raised margin est. due to improved product mix. We remain positive on Willsemi
Lily Yang, Ph.D
and believe its non-mobile CIS business will maintain strong momentum and
power the company's future growth. Maintain BUY rating with TP slightly
adjusted to RMB346.6, given expected weak performance in global smartphone
Alex Ng
sales and fast growth seen in non-mobile CIS business.
3Q mobile CIS business was challenging; new products will help gain
market share in FY22E. 3Q global smartphone shipment declined by 6% YoY
(Counterpoint) due to component shortage and weak consumer demand.
Stronger sales were observed in mid- to high-end models (evidenced by
recovering Sony's CIS sales in 3Q). Although we hold a neutral view on
Stock Data
smartphone market growth into 2022, especially for non-Apple brands, we
believe Willsemi can still gain share (in RMB1k-2k and RMB3k+ models) with
its new 50MP/100MP/200MP products.
GPM improved to 35.5% as non-mobile CIS accounted for 50% of 3Q CIS
sales. Non-mobile CIS continued lifting Company's profitability. GPM
Shareholding Structure
improved to 35.5% (vs. 29.9%/33.7% in 2020/2Q21). We believe the trend is
sustainable with rapid growth in auto, AR/VR segments. We are positive on
Willsemi's auto CIS business considering the growth from both surging market
demand and increasing market share. Auto CIS market is experiencing a
similar path of smartphone, with higher ASP/quantity. Willsemi is closing its
Share Performance
market share gap with On semi. We expect to see continuous strong growth
in its auto CIS business despite the prolonged chip shortage issue.
Maintain BUY rating with revised TP of RMB346.6 based on 50x FY22E
Source: Bloomberg
P/E. We cut our FY21E-23E revenue forecast by 8%-16%, considering weak
estimates of global smartphone sales and prolonged supply chain constraints.
12-mth Price Performance
Meanwhile, we raised our margin estimates by 1pt-1.3pt due to improved
product mix. Potential upsides include: 1) faster-than-expected ease of supply
chain constraints; 2) new device/killer app released in VR/AR. Potential risks
include: 1) worse-than-expected global economy that curbs consumer
spending and 2) overhung chip shortage led to unfilled demand.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: BDO
Recent report:
1. China CIS market: Beginning of
multi-year growth cycle; Initiate BUY
Aug 2021 (Link)
2. The next chapter beyond mobile CIS
is coming - 27 Aug 2021 (Link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
3Q21 Results Review
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
CIS: non-mobile CIS will maintain strong momemtum while
smartphone market is weak
Weak smartphone sales in FY21E; expect modest mobile CIS growth
in FY22E
Full year smartphone shipment forecast has been cut to 1.41bn units (6% YoY) from
after the logistic resumed from COVID-19 disruption, but was negatively affected again in
2Q21 due to semiconductor shortage. The situation got worse in 3Q21 before peak season.
Canalys's estimated global smartphone shipment for the third quarter was a 6% YoY
decline.
Looking forward, we expect Q4 shipment will have some sequential recovery during the
holidays. However, we do not expect the rebound will be significant given 1) continued
semi shortage, 2) increasing cost of certain components and 3) ASP pressure from peers
series).
Source: Counterpoint, CMBIS estimates
Source: Counterpoint, nanoreview, kimovil, devicespecifications and
CMBIS estimates
Given the recent weak smartphone sales, the market is conservative in mobile CIS market
growth given that 1) the constraints of smartphone sales will not ease in near-term (such
as semi shortage, power shortage, rising foundry costs, etc.), 2) the mobile camera
shipment was sluggish since 2Q21 driven by slower penetration of triple-/quad-cameras in
latest models of smartphones and 3) the de-spec concern.
We have studied 289 latest models (released from 1Q20-3Q21) from the top Andriod
brands, including Samsung/ Xiaomi/ Oppo/ vivo/ Honor, we did see the trend of slowing
down penetration of multi-cameras. We think the main reason is the increasing bill of
materials ("BOM") that put a lot of pressure on smartphone makers. It is a mixed result from
1) smartphone upgrade (rising cost due to additional frequency coverage, better camera
resolution, larger storage, etc.), 2) tight supply chain and 3) peers pressure such as new
pricing strategy of Apple series 13.
These headwinds are likely to continue into 1H22E. Although we hold a neutral view on
smartphone market growth into 2022, especially for non-Apple brands, we believe Willsemi
can still gain share (in RMB1k-2k and RMB3k+ models) with its new 50MP/100MP/200MP
products. The Company is deeply engaged with Chinese mobile manufacturers and will
ride the tailwind of their market expansions (Oppo/vivo/Honor). We saw the Company's
mobile CIS products has penetrated into rear main cameras since last year. Based on the
study of 289 latest models, we found their CIS products in certain Xiaomi/Oppo/Huawei's
models. One interesting thing to note is that these models released in 2021 are mostly mid-
ranged and flagship models, with higher ASP compared with that of last year (mostly
budget and mid-ranged models). The spec has also increased to 48MP/50MP/64MP this
year (vs. 13MP/16MP/48MP in 2020). We believe the penetration will continue given the
uncertainty of Sino-US trade tension and Willsemi's leading market position in CIS and
advanced technology.
Auto market is also affected by chip shortage but we hold positive
view on auto CIS market growth as the demand is certain
Although IHS Markit has cut their forecasts for 2021E-23E light vehicle production by
6.2%/9.3%/1.1%, the growth for 22E/23E will still be 9.3%/11.4% YoY, driven by strong
demand for auto cameras (such as ADAS). We are very positive on auto CIS market growth
as it is likely to replicate the path of mobile CIS with higher ASP and larger number of
cameras per vehicle.
We think Willsemi will be a key beneficiary of auto CIS growth. The Company currently
provides CIS for European auto manufacturers and eyes on expansion in U.S. market.
Willsemi has also worked closely with ADAS developers, such as Mobileye. The
certification for auto-related production (e.g. IATF 16949) will take longer time to obtain and
the requirements will be much stricter. Willsemi ranked as No.2 among auto CIS suppliers,
but is closing its market share gap with On semi. We expect to see continuous strong
growth in its auto CIS business despite the prolonged chip shortage issue.
Source: Yole, CMBIS
Earnings forecasts
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB346.6 (30% upside)
We maintain BUY rating and adjust our TP to RMB346.6 (based on 50x FY22E P/E).
We cut our FY21E-23E revenue forecast by 8%-16%, considering weak estimates of global
smartphone sales and prolonged supply chain constraints. Meanwhile, we raised our
margin estimates by 1pt-1.3pt due to improved product mix.
We are still positive on Willsemi. For mobile CIS, the Company is currently a leading
supplier for main rear cameras in certain models (<RMB1k and RMB2k-3k). Although we
hold a neutral view on smartphone market growth into 2022, especially for non-Apple
brands, we believe Willsemi can still grow share (in RMB1k-2k and RMB3k+ models) with
its new 50MP/100MP/200MP products. For non-mobile CIS, we believe the growth will
come from both surging market demand and the Company's market share as the auto CIS
market is experiencing a similar path of smartphone, with higher ASP and quantity.
Potential upsides include: 1) faster-than-expected ease of supply chain constraints; 2) new
device/killer app released in VR/AR. Potential risks include: 1) worse-than-expected global
economy that curbs consumer spending and 2) overhung chip shortage led to unfilled
demand.
Source: Bloomberg and CMBIS, as of 30 Aug 2021.
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.