On September 12th, 2024, Murray was founded in 1991 and now has the largest product line in the country's industry.
Full, efficient and easy-to-use “one-stop” products and integrated solutions from mid- to low-end to high-end, from the section to the institution-wide meet clinical needs. 1) Product end, self-research + extended two-wheel drive; 2) market end, companies continue to break through mid-to-high-end clients in different countries, depending on the location; 3) Demand end, population ageing + governance
Life information and support operations: product power and city power are global leaders and continue to develop high-end clients. As of 2023, most of the company’s life information and support sub-products, such as a guardian, call, and call, were in the middle of the year.
The country has the highest rates of market access for vacuums, anaesthetics, lightbeds and pump pumps, of which custodians, anaesthetics and respirators have attained the top three positions of the global market, the overall competitiveness of the product has been at the top of the global class, the penetration of high-end customers has been sustained and the market is promising.
In vitro diagnostics: The domestic collection policy promotes a rapid increase in the city’s occupancy rate, accompanied by an integrated industrial distribution. With the expansion of the ivd reagent collection, companies are expected to achieve a further expansion of the market’s coverage.
From the industrial chain point of view, companies have made upstream core raw materials autonomous by acquiring sea pelicans, and by acquiring Desai, they have perfected their overseas supply chains to reach 40 billion yuan in market space overseas. Medical video business: based on low- and medium-end products, gradually moves to high-end markets.
\triangleright 24%, after General Electric. The global market for ultrasound video equipment is expected to grow from 7.2% in cagr to $14.28 billion in 2030, and the current city of Murray in 2023 is about 8%.
Since 2012, Murray's medical treatment has been using a hard mirror as its entry point, starting with a microsurgery layout, and is now being nurtured, including animal medicine, bone surgery, cardiovascular, etc.
Seed operations, including seed operations, form an emerging incremental curve at the end of the product. Valuation analysis: vertical regression versus horizontal contrasts, with the company ' s value-for-value ratios highlighting and investment values. 1) Vertical regression: Murray Medicalpe valuations are at historical lows and trends are positive. 2) Horizontally.
Compare: The company has a higher market position and platform integrity in the country and is expected to obtain a higher valuation premium. \triangleright \triangleright
Risk reduction; trade policy over-expected; sales model risk for distributors; exchange rate volatility risk. 130 pieces of swords to move towards globalization: 1.1 China-based, global orientation
Founded in 1991 and based on life information and support products, the company has basically established three main areas of business centred on life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery. Over the past few years, seed business such as micro-surgery, animal medicine, etc., has grown into a good place to build a healthy company.
At present, Murray has the most comprehensive product line in the domestic industry to meet clinical requirements with safe, efficient and easy-to-use “one-stop” products and integrated solutions from mid- and low-end to high-end, from the section to the entire school. 2024h1 resulted in bid procurement activities in the first half of the year as a result of the restructuring of the medical sector and the upgrading of medical equipment
Continued delays have led to a decline in both corporate income and net return earnings, but demand remains and is expected to release 2024h2. In terms of profitability, the annual introduction of high- and middle-end products has led to further improvements in the product income structure, leading to a relatively stable level of Māori rates and, as the size of the harvest continues to expand, various factors have been identified.
The cost rate has stabilized and therefore the net interest rate level has also tended to improve year by year, from less than 20 per cent to excess sub-product lines, where companies have achieved sustained breakthroughs in medium-to-high-end customers, leading to structural improvements in product revenues. 1) Life information and support operations: production lines have accelerated penetration into high-end client groups.
More high-end hospitals in the United States of America, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Australia, Brazil, Mexico, Turkey, etc.; 2) In vitro diagnostic operations: the country ' s large sample clients continued to accelerate their breakthroughs in 2023, with 68 hospitals producing more than $5 million annually in biochemistry reagents and more than the growth of hospitals.
Over 100 third-party overseas chains have been successfully broken overseas; 3) medical video business: in 2023, first in the domestic industry, third in the global industry, with overseas ultrasound models growing by more than 25%, accelerated the process of high-end client breakthroughs.
1.2 Large ships sail, products, markets, and policy three-gravity boost sails. 1.2.1 Product end: Self-research + extended double-wheel drive. Sustained investment in R & D is the background of the growth of technology companies.
The new route, which continues to invest around 10% of its annual revenues in research and development, has helped to achieve breakthroughs in the growing abundance of products at the end, their overlap, and in high-end areas, in which many products provide strong incentives for domestic and even global leadership, and for growth within the company. Moreover, Murray's medical care has developed into a life of “Swiss Jiqun”
At present, both the academic capacity-building of medical institutions, as well as the overall solutions for emergency care, surgery, icu, testing, and even, in some cases, the health-care system.
Talent development, scientific research, etc., have been integrated into the Murray's Tri-Swiss ecosystem, bringing more clinical and managerial value to the global medical machine.
Access to technology and channels continues to expand the innovative boundaries of medical devices. It is worth noting that the company completed the merger and purchase of seagull organisms and Desais in 2021-2023 in the ivd area, accelerating the Division ' s deployment of raw materials upstream of ivd and offshore supply chain platforms, while ivd operations serve as the company ' s three main sections.
In January 2024, Murray announced the acquisition of Hye-Tai medicine, a strategic focus on systematic growth opportunities in the direction of electric physiology and blood vessels.
The synergies between the important points of entry into high consumption will be evident in the direction of sales and R & D. The acquisition of the United States datascope and its acquisition in the United States, Europe and the United States of America.
Acquisition of zonare in the United States, and acquisition of revolutionary, high-end colour super-field imaging.
The third largest brand of the ball monitor; the acquisition of Australian medical uniforms; and the acquisition of the Swedish Grand Duke of Artema.
Division, get the key anesthetic distributor ulco and buy hytest, fix it.
Technology, branding and canals.
We bought Hye-tae medical care, we got the Chang Sha Tsui Man, we got the Wuhand Bhail, we got the Shanghai Long Island, we got the reinforcements.
Microbial diagnostics -- access to joints, traumas, ridges, electro-physiology and vascular intervention, blood clot tests.
(a) The R & D and R & D of reagents, the R & D of pillars, production, marketing, sales, sales and post-sale service platforms;
Acquisition of Hangzhou Light, acquisition of Suzhou Huisheng, completion of the development, production and sale of ivd urine analysis product lines
Acquisition of Shanghai medical light, acquisition of research, production and marketing platforms such as soft mirrors and accessories; acquisition of Beijing Pulson, over.
1.2.2 Market end of good vd blood flow test: different countries find certainty in uncertainty and move forward in global market change.
The size of the arms market is over $500 billion, and Murray's current business corresponds to only $550 billion in market space, and the world's 100-year medical equipment collection is over $30 billion a year, while Murray's year-round revenues in 2023 were $34.9 billion, far from the industrial ceiling.
During the critical period of elapse to flowering outcomes, more than 50 offshore affiliates and four major offshore R & D centres have been established in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, etc., continuing to break through international high-end blank clients. In 2023, revenues from international operations reached $13.5 billion.
As the global natural population and population ageing increase, the health sector continues to demand 2.8 per cent of the population over age of age, well above the average population growth rate, and the global ageing rate increases, adding health awareness, leading to a steady rise in the global market for medical devices.
It will continue to grow at approximately 5.71% in cagr, reaching $743.2 billion globally by 2027. AIDS data, Shenzhen City Medical Devices Industry Association, Institute of Human Security
With the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan, policies to support the rapid development of health-care institutions have continued, the construction of health-care institutions throughout the country has gained momentum, and the need for new, reformed and expanded health-care facilities has increased.
Since 2020, countries around the world have been aware of weaknesses and deficiencies in mechanisms for the prevention and control of major infectious diseases, public health emergency management systems, etc.
Since March 2020, the domestic market has been in the process of building new infrastructure for medical care in the icu wards, infectious disease hospitals, heating clinics, etc. Medical and local financial support has increased significantly since 2020.
The number of beds per person increased significantly in icu. In 2018-2022, the total number of beds in health facilities at all levels rose from 572 to 1381,000, an increase of 141 per cent in icu.
The percentage of beds rose from 0.65% to about 1.46%. And, at a press conference organized by the State Council ' s UDF in late 2022, the National Health Board made a higher demand for the expansion and rehabilitation of critical resources in level III medical institutions. The most recent request is that level III hospitals be integrated to reach 4% of the total number of beds.
The conversion of icu beds to a ratio of 4% of the total number of beds can be quickly converted to heavy icu resources within 24 hours, ensuring that combined icu and convertible icu reach 8% of the total number of hospital beds.
The policy of upgrading equipment has continued, with the issuance of the long-term national debt on schedule. According to the 2024 government report, it is proposed to issue, for several consecutive years starting this year, a super-permanent special national debt dedicated to building security capacity in key strategic areas of the country, starting with $1 trillion this year.
This year, as of 9 August, the accumulated amount of $497 billion was issued in excess of the long-term special State debt, and as of now the actual pace of issuance of each period of State debt is fully in line with the arrangements for the issuance of General State Debts, Super-Long-Term Special Debts for 2024, published by the Ministry of Finance on 13 May.
Provinces and municipalities have responded positively to promote large-scale equipment upgrades and the replacement of consumer goods for the new programme of action.
The feasibility programme, involving a total investment of $5,393 million, is the highest for a single province as of 30 July 2024, of which 2,422 million will be applied for central investment, with the remaining funds being self-financed by the user, with the provinces, cities, counties (municipalities, districts) and local government bonds.
There are a number of regulations for equipment upgrading programmes, project declarations, approvals, and long-term national debt. We expect to further improve the implementation of equipment upgrading policies in the region, with the continued build-up of fiscal subsidies, such as long-term state debt and interest rates, on schedule.
Two core business lines: steady development, shaping global brands, 2.1 life information and support: global leadership, continued expansion of collection maps.
The company’s life information and support operations include a range of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, such as a monitor, respirator, defibrillator, anaesthetic machine, operating bed, surgical light, chandelier ridge, pump, electrocardiogram machine, and an overall solution for operating/heavy care room (or/icu)
The technology level of the major products has evolved into a global leader, while the business has achieved significant breakthroughs in high-end client groups over the past few years, and a cross-cutting increase in brand influence. Based on the layout and advantages of the company’s multi-products in the areas of guardianship, anesthesia, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
A multi-scenes solution has been introduced that includes the whole of the institution, severe illness, period of surgery, emergency care, cardiology, and general care. The company has accelerated the expansion of the intra-synchronous application landscape of the “Swiss Union” ecosystem, and is working to improve the overall management of the hospital by means of information, to improve the efficiency of the operation of the unit, and to help clinical workers to respond easily to the challenges and to treat the disease.
It is a human centre that improves the quality of medical services in general. At the same time, by integrating all equipment data by the bed, building up a hologram database, complementing and integrating the clinical databases available in hospitals, contributing to the research of data, laying the foundation for artificial intelligence, and accelerating the output of research in hospitals. As of 31 December 2023, “Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss Federation”
“Ecosystems have accumulated close to 700 installed hospitals in the country, of which more than 400 were added in 2023, with rapid growth.
By the end of July 2024, most of the sub-products in the area of company life information and support, such as custodians, respirators, anesthetics, defibrillators, etc., were among the first in the country, of which custodians, anesthetics, and respirators achieved the third place in the global market.
According to the public statistics, Méri ' s municipal presence in the country jumped rapidly from 49% in 2019 to 2.2 in vitro diagnosis in 2024: accelerated supply chain integration, simultaneous advancement of the ivd market climate in both domestic and foreign markets, and immunization diagnostics remained the largest segmented track.
Marketforintrodiagnostictes, 16Thetion, 2023, global ivd market model $10.62 billion, of which the new crown market is about 7.2% ($7.66 billion) and the non-new crown vd market is about $98.590 billion. The market is expected to be $128 billion in size in 2028, with annual compound increases.
In 2023, according to the breakdown of applications, immunization diagnostics remained the largest market with 22 per cent, followed by poct (17 per cent) and haematology (16 per cent). Chemical luminousness: domestic manufacturers ranked first and import substitution space remained wide.
In 2019, foreign producers took up 76% of the country’s chemical lighting market. And in recent years, as domestic firms catch up, in 2021, domestic producers took up market ownership.
With an increase of 3 percentage points in 2019, 73% of the market space is still held by foreign brands, and there is much room for domestic substitution. Domestic import substitution has accelerated, favouring the expansion of head companies.
More than 2,000 additional units, of which nearly 60 per cent are high-speed and, more importantly, large sample clients, have continued to accelerate breakthroughs, with 68 hospitals producing more than 5 million reagents per year, more than double the number of hospital staff, and the chemical luminous operations of the Auxiliary Company, which account for more than one import in the domestic market.
In 2021, Murray acquired 100% of the shares of seagulls, a well-known company known as hytest, in vitro diagnostic reagent material abroad.
It's a short sheet to supplement Chimery's in vitro diagnostic raw materials, both with access to its advanced technology and patents, and to strengthen the self-production capacity of the core material, while also ensuring the safety of the supply chain and avoiding being “cuffed”; and, by buying it, it's equivalent to more than 2,000 customers of seagulls, as well as worldwide sales.
On July 31, 2023, Murray acquired the German-known vd diagnostic contract for the German company Desai.
75% of equity, with local production bases in Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and Latin America from the platform layout, can provide timely delivery and localization services to local or regional clients. Technically, the product accumulation of the product is more than 30 years old.
To strengthen capacity-building in offshore localized production, warehousing, logistics, services through the progressive import and refinement of supply chain platforms for offshore ivd operations, such as chemical light, using the experience of past cross-border M & As integration and management, and to provide a solid basis for the full internationalization of ivd operations.
2.3 Medical video production line: High-end ultrasound products have improved overall competitiveness and have gradually moved beyond the high-end ultrasound field, and competitiveness has improved significantly. In 2018, M.M.I.R. launched high frame-rate imaging technology (hiff-ceus) and successfully applied it to resonar9 ultrasounds.
In order to bring more accurate diagnostic information to the ultrasound doctor, the first national ultra-high-end ultrasound platform resonaa20 was released on the domestic market at the end of 2023, marking the official entry of corporate ultrasound technology into the international class. The domestic product is being replaced by high-end ultrasound products.
At the size of $13.8 billion, medical data cloud is expected to grow at a 5% annual compound growth rate of $16.7 billion in 2025. Ultrasound video products can be divided into desktop ultrasound and portable ultrasound, and desktop ultrasound by terminal, and sale prices can be divided into high-end specialist ultrasound, full-body ultrasound, etc.
Figure 26: Disaggregated track distribution in China ' s ultrasound market in 2023. Import brands still together account for nearly 60 per cent of the country ' s ultrasound market. Through their power in ultra-high-end areas, companies will continue to consolidate the primacy of the domestic market and accelerate the rise in ultrasound national production.
Year after year, Murray ranked second in 24% of the country’s ultrasound market, just 1% less than the first one. By product type, the portable ultrasound market, with 50% of the city, had 23% and 22% of the full-body ultrasound and obstetric ultrasound markets, respectively, second only to general electrical, heart ultrasound.
Domain, given the late roll-out of the company ' s related products, there is now only 3 per cent of the city ' s share, with much room for improvement. Figure 27: Competition patterns in China ' s ultrasound image market in 2023, Figure 28: Competition patterns in China ' s portable ultrasound image market in 2023
Figure 30: Competition patterns in China’s ultrasound image market in 2023, with a series of ultra-high-end ultrasound products continuing to break through high-end customers overseas. According to skyquett, the global market for ultra-sound video equipment was $9.78 billion in 2021, and is projected to be $10.2 billion from 2022.
In 2022, the company ' s ultrasound product broke through more than 80 new high-end customers overseas, in addition to which it achieved a horizontal breakthrough in more than 80 already high-end clients. In 2023, although the image of medium- and low-end ultrasound procurement demand continued to rise.
The impact of the overall macroeconomic environment was depressed, but the company quickly targeted marketing, increasing the coverage of high-end markets abroad, including by actively organizing international academic seminars, organizing foreign- and domestic-known hospital connections, driving the growth of ultrasound models abroad by more than 25 per cent, and accelerating high-end client skirmishes.
Breaking the process and enabling ultrasound for the first time has achieved the third place in the world as an industry.3 The emerging plate: the polysalenta, the dragons in the abyss, Myrry's medical planning based on his own business map, chooses the new business from three basic principles:
There are technological thresholds that can leverage corporate advantages in R & D; second, internationalization to maximize R & D efficiency while making effective use of the advantages of a global operating platform; and third, critical diseases, first aid, micro-inventive surgery, testing, ultrasound, etc. that companies are investing in. So, in the medium to long term, M & M will focus.
Development of seed operations, including micro-surgery, animal medicine and osteoporology, with a view to achieving longer-term growth targets. 3.1 Micro-surgery: Increased penetration of micro-surgery leads to rapid expansion of the corresponding equipment market.
Micro-inventive surgery (minimalinvasiveurgery, mis) refers to a minor trauma that allows the operation to be performed through the removal, repair or reconstruction of organs and tissues of the human body.
Micro-inventive surgery consists mainly of abdominal and chest surgery, which is widely used in general surgery, chest surgery, urinary surgery, etc. China’s increased penetration of micro-inventive surgery has led to a steady increase in the demand for equipment and consumables.
The size of the market in China’s Misia rose from 9.6 billion yuan in 2015 to 18.5 billion yuan in 2019 (in terms of sales income), and the cagr was 17.8%, and is expected to reach 40.8 billion yuan by 2024.
The number and penetration of microsurgery increased from 4,248 and 28.5 per cent to 8,514 and 38.1 per cent, while in the United States, in 2019, there were 16,877 and 80.1 per cent microsurgery per million population.
China’s rigid mirror market has been growing rapidly, and the rate of domestic production has increased significantly in recent years. China’s overall market model is expected to grow from 6.5 billion yuan in 2019 to 11 billion yuan in 2024, with an increase of 11 per cent.
In 2023, the combined markets of Carl Stokes, Olympus, Szek, and German wolf medals were 42 per cent, down from 29 pcts in 2019, and Méri ' s medical care jumped from 1 per cent in 2019 to 7 per cent in 2023, and the market ranked third after Carl Stos and Olinbas.
3.2 Animal medicine: The medical market for animal consumption has broad prospects, targeting different animal species and applications, establishing in vitro diagnostics, life information and support, medical imaging and technical research platforms. 1) Medical imaging, with a focus on improving the quality and opening of images of ultrasound and dr products.
(b) Life information and support areas, with emphasis on research on perinatal solutions, ward/icu solutions, large surgical solutions; and (c) in vitro diagnostic collars, with emphasis on the expansion of intra-hospital market product lines, from blood analysis to more laboratory detection of sub-industries
According to the White Paper on Healthy Consumption of National Pets 2023, 2020-2023e, the market size of pets showed a high growth trend during the period.
The total market share of cagr, which was up to 24 per cent in 2022 using both imported and domestically produced medical equipment and only imported equipment, was about 77 per cent, and, with the gradual improvement of domestic pet medical appliances and the more prominent product-price advantages, we believe that domestic producers are expected to gain a higher market share.
3.3 Osteoporology: The market for osteoporosis in the country has been growing steadily, and there is still room for national production. According to intelligence data, the market for osteoporosis in 2023 was about 43.5 billion yuan, and 2019-2023 was based on industrial extraction factors.
Market size has fluctuated, but given my large population base and the increasing ageing of the population, there is still a certain amount of alternative national production in the three remaining segments of the country, with a high rate of national production (75 per cent) of trauma-free entry into the osteoporology over a long period of time.
In the orthopaedic field, the company is approaching the opportunities for development in a highly variable industry caused by the acquisition of collateral. In response to the national procurement model, the company has been involved in centralized procurement by national and inter-provincial coalition organizations, and has been given the opportunity to expand market access rapidly. At the same time, the company has continued to improve the layout of its products in the orthopaedic field and has insisted on innovation in research and development.
High input, improved product layout and enhanced capacity for surgical solutions. After three major modulations in 2022, the company achieved good results and helped its products hit the city even further: 1) On 9 February 2022, all three of the company's procurement packages in the “Kyoto 3+n” purchasing union were awarded a total of a group, with industry reporting in proportion.
(b) On 11 July 2022, the Joint State Organization for High-value Medical Use Procurement Office organized the purchase of a concentration of vertebrae consumables, all of which were awarded a bid in group a in the three collection packages registered by the company, and obtained an advantage in the purchase of prices and agreements with medical institutions in the competing units;
3) On 7 December 2022, the Jiangsu Medical Insurance Department organized the purchase of a centralized collection of medical consumables for the Jiangsu Osteoporosis trauma category. The company registered all the products for the first round and obtained a relatively high price in the same bid unit, resulting in a better price advantage.
3.4 Cardiovasculars: Strong M&A purchase of Hye-Thai medical care, cascading physiology and vascular intervention, obtaining 24.61% of the ownership of Hye-Tai medical care, fast-tracking into high-value consumption areas such as electro-physiology and vascular intervention. Over the past 30 years, Murray has continued to expand the product lines and enter new fields of operation.
It is an important path to the rapid growth of the company, starting with a guardian, moving into blood cells, ultrasound, etc., and building three production lines dominated by life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical images, without disrupting the horizontal expansion of more compartmentalized tracks across the three production lines, with chemical light and microscopicness of the layouts for the last 10 years.
Genesis has become an important driver of corporate growth. In order to achieve the world’s top 10, or even higher, industries, the development path of expanding product lines needs to be pursued on a continuous basis.
Thus, on 28 January 2024, the company announced the acquisition of Hye-Tai medical care, deep control and concerted action.
China’s electricity and physiology market has a long slope of snow and high-tech barriers. Driven by the increased ageing of the population, the increase in the number of patients with heart problems and the expansion of the use of condensed surgery products, the market is expected to be 21.11 billion yuan in 2024 and capr in 2020-2024.
As domestic firms break through in terms of technology research and development and industrial applications, the gap between domestic and imported products is narrowing, and the market for domestically produced physiology devices is growing steadily. In the future, the market for domestically produced physiology devices is expected to grow at a faster rate than ever with the orderly development of alternative policies.
Imported enterprises. Between 2020 and 2024, a compound increase in the market for domestically produced physico-medical devices is expected to reach 53.2%, which is higher than the import of cagr during the same period, and it is expected that by 2024, domestic producers will account for 12.9% of the total figure 44: Competition patterns in China ' s heart physiology market in 2020 (billion yuan)
In 2019, the number of coronary interventions in China reached 1,089,000, or about 80% of all angioplasty interventions. As the number of coronary patients in China continues to rise, the technology for coronary interventions has been upgraded, the coverage of national health coverage has been improved, and the level of primary health care has continued to increase, the need for coronary interventions is expected to continue in the future.
By release, the total number of surgeries in 2024 would have reached 19.27 million, driving the rapid growth of the overall coronary intervention equipment market, which is expected to double to 10.36 billion by 2024, and the number of peripheral and neurological interventions currently amounted to only about 20 per cent of the total number of vascular intervention surgeries in China.
In the early stages of development, with the expansion of the business market, the strengthening of doctoral education and the improvement of clinical recognition, the penetration of this domain will increase and drive the rapid growth of the general market for vascular intervention devices. The scale of the market for vascular intervention devices has increased from 1.230 billion yuan in 2015 to 2.49 billion yuan in 2019.
With the continued development of screening techniques for vascular diseases, the continued accumulation of clinical-related experience and a significant increase in the population ' s health awareness, the surrounding vascular intervention equipment city is projected to be around 2019-2024. Figure 47: 2015 - 2024e, Size of the vascular intervention equipment market around China (billion yuan)
4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) Life Information and Support: The Meri Medical Multi-Live Information and Support Products have a high market position, leading the country first and indeed the world, and the second emerging business such as Micro-Creative Surgery has grown by more than 90% over 2024h1.
The hard mirror system has doubled and high-value material-consuming operations, such as ultrasound knives, have begun to be phased out, although the pressure on the line has been high owing to the continued delay in bidding procurement activities in the first half of this year as a result of the medical industry restructuring and the medical equipment upgrading project, but it needs to be clear that the overall backlog of procurement requirements has not been affected.
The postponed procurement project will continue to be fully released in the future. According to the company, by the end of June 2024, the market space to be released from the new medical infrastructure in the country had further increased to over 24 billion yuan, so we expect 2) in vitro diagnosis: the company, as a leading chemical-luminous business in the country, will benefit fully from the collection policy.
With the gradual increase in the self-production rate of raw materials, we expect a more rapid increase in the level of the Māori rate, which is expected to occur. 3) Medical images: Märry's ultrasound image products are constantly evolving, accompanied by a series of high-end products, 4) other main camps: mainly product revenues generated around the main business, with a smaller base and a shorter-term comparison.
Based on the size of the company’s revenue collection, the level of the three fees is stable. In 2023, the company’s sales, management, production lines were stable, and the sales of medical equipment still required appropriate expenditure on R & D and extension costs, so it is assumed that the company’s level of the three fees will remain largely stable over the next three years.
4.2 Valuation Analysis: Vertical Retroactivity versus Horizontal, 4.2.1 Vertical Retroactivity of Valued Values of Current Companies: The Méri Medical Pe Valuation is at an all-time low, and the trend is towards a good return of stock prices: Méri Medical has continued to improve in business since it was introduced in 2018, and stock prices have been exposed to external rings
The external impact factors can be divided into three major categories: 1) sudden public health safety events: the short- and long-term dimensions have stimulated demand for related products and significantly increased the company ' s brand power and channel value, both at home and abroad, from medium- and long-term dimensions; 2) chemical luminous harvesting: the short-term benefits to the head.
A further concentration of the share of manufacturers has helped to drive up the national production rate, further improve the flow chain, strengthen business management capacity in the medium to long term; and) the fight against corruption in health care, primarily by combating grey profits from the flow of medical devices, without affecting the long-term logic of the company’s growth in normal business performance.
In the second half of the year, the demand for old-fashioned new policies will gradually fall to boost the demand for equipment such as monitors, respirators, ultrasounds, etc., and to promote basic warmth. In the medium and long term, companies will continue to adhere to globalization strategies, adding to the second-growth curve brought about by the new business lines, and are expected to further increase global market penetration.
4.2.2 Horizontal comparison: The relatively high growth and integrity of the platform highlights the company’s higher market position and integrity and the prospect of a higher valuation premium. Murray’s medical care leads the development of China’s medical equipment industry with a full range of product lines and innovative solutions.
In all three areas of business: holding, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, companies have integrated solutions from the lower to the lower end, from the upper end of the department to the higher end of the school. In 2023, Méri was able to make further gains on the domestic market with significantly higher revenues and net profits. At present, Méri ' s valuation and its profits.
We have a higher investment value than we have at the rate of growth, and we have a consistent wind expectation that we have chosen a more similar combination of joint medical care, new industries, benefits from the main business in comparison to the company's choice.
As a comparable company, the above-mentioned joint venture has the lead in the country’s large-scale medical imaging equipment, the new product is in the country’s first echelon of chemical light, and Hue-tae is in the country’s head of cardiovascular intervention in the field of medical equipment. According to Wind, the average price of a company’s shares is 2024-2026, respectively.
With comparable corporate averages, and in the medium to long term, as new medical infrastructure and equipment move forward with the old policy of renewal and the large scale of implementation in the field of medical equipment, there are structural growth opportunities for national product brands, we believe that the company still has a high investment value.
Based on an analysis of the company’s core business portfolio, we expect that the company’s operating income for 2024-2026 will be valued at the current level of Méri’s medical care, with a higher investment value than that of the country’s major medical appliances, or compared to its own historical valuation level. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating.
1) Risks of change in industrial policies: Corporate products and solutions have been applied in more than 190 countries and regions around the world, and companies are vulnerable to sales in the domestic, North American, European, Latin American and other medical sectors 2) Product R & D risks: the medical equipment industry is technology-intensive, technological innovation and products
Research and development (R & D) capabilities are more demanding and the R & D cycle is longer. Thus, in the R & D process of new products, there may be a risk of increased competition in the industry/product price decline as the process of research and development (R & D) progresses further, in part, as healthcare reform progresses.
A number of policies have been put in place to reduce the prices of tenders in the provinces or districts, level-based consultations, medical associations, sun purchasing, and double-counting, which have put the medical equipment industry under a certain downward pressure and trend. (4) Trade policy over-expected risk: affected by the US-China trade policy since 6 July 2018,
Companies' exports to the United States of America are subject to a 25 per cent tariff on such products as a monitor, colour, anaesthetic machines, in vitro diagnostic products and related accessories. In addition, political uncertainty, legal regulation, etc., pose a number of risks to Chinese firms' M&As, or will lead companies to technology abroad in the future.
The risks of uncertainty in the areas of entry, talent introduction, cross-border M & As (5) The risks of distribution patterns by distributors: as companies grow in size, marketing networks become richer, demands on companies in the areas of distribution management, marketing policy development, technical support, etc.
Upgrade, if the distributors are mismanaged, irregular, etc., will result in the dealer not being able to provide high-quality services to end-users, which may have a negative impact on the company’s brand name and reputation. Exchange rate fluctuations abroad may have an impact on the company’s profits.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to the conclusions of the study, which are presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, either for, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in the present report.