"Innovation+Globalization" medical flagship, leading the intellectual transformation of industry Research — in-depth report
Medical bio-medical devices zhangjiabo@guosen.com.cn Miri Medical has become the world's leading provider of medical devices and solutions
The company’s main product covers three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery, and has the most comprehensive product line in the domestic industry. The company’s comprehensive capacity for product research and development innovation, domestic and international marketing expansion, and localization has been continuously upgraded to a multi-intelligent ecological program.
With the continued addition of relevant policies and the availability of matching funds, new medical infrastructure and large-scale equipment upgrades will drive the expansion of the market for medical devices. Mary’s medical care has more than 100 billion market space in the country, and companies have moved ahead with the qualitative and cost advantages of strong engineering and system integration capabilities, as well as with multi-dimensional technological innovations. Companies have a high market share for equipment-type products, some mature products enter technologically unincorporated areas, and some front-line products break through the incremental market.
• Core logic two: high-end customers abroad have broken through product upgrading, and Murray's already deployed business corresponds to international access to market space of more than 450 billion yuan, with the current city share being low, with less than 9% of the markets in developing countries close to China. Companies in international markets have built on successful domestic experiences, segmenting client groups, feeding target markets, actively promoting home-grown operations, and synergizing multiple production lines, reducing operating costs. Companies have strengthened marketing and marketing through major mergers and acquisitions, such as Datascape and Desai.
The supply chain platform, with increased product competitiveness, will continue to promote mass breakthroughs among mid- and high-end clients. The Mérry Medical Care has been on the top 100 list of medical equipment companies year after year, and will strive to be the top 20 in the world by 2025.
The company has been able to accelerate the growth of its growth-oriented business by rapidly integrating industry-wide cutting-edge technologies through mergers and acquisitions, upgrading the integrated competitiveness of existing operations in high-end markets. Through self-researching and mergers, the company has been able to develop high-profile platforms such as micro-inventive surgery, cardiovascular, animal medicine, and in vitro diagnostics, taking advantage of Murray's technological advantages in the area of equipment, deepening the layout of its waste materials business, upgrading market space, and fostering new performance growth.
The company continues to promote product upgrading and technological breakthroughs, benefiting domestically from new medical infrastructure, equipment upgrading, and import substitution, accelerating high-end client outreach overseas, high-speed seeding operations such as microsurgery, cardiovascular, animal medicine, etc., and will rapidly grow into a global medical arsenal with a “better than the big market” rating.01 The global leading provider of medical devices and solutions.
Core logic one: new infrastructure for medical care and accelerated import substitution Core logic two: offshore high-end clients under product upgrading Breaking through Core logic three: Incubation of seed business to build a new growth engine
1.1. Corporate development: From proxy to self-study, and from domestic to overseas medical care, the boundaries of their capabilities have been continuously widened: *The first decade (1990s-2000s) has gone from proxy to self-research, building autonomous R & D capabilities: in 1991, companies started acting as overseas custodians: in 1992, companies started self-researching and introduced China ' s first generation.
A self-developed multi-parameter monitor, mec-509, the first portable multi-parameter guardian in China, pm 9000, and active expansion of the in vitro diagnostic product line, with products certified by the European Union. The second decade (2000s-2010s) moved from home to overseas to build offshore marketing channels through high-quality M&As: the company was listed at the United States Stock Exchange in 2006 as China’s first medical equipment firm; the company acquired the United States DataScope Life Information Guardian business in 2008 to become a global innovation custodian brand; and the company acquired the United States Zonare to absorb high-end ultrasound images in 2013
– The third decade (2010s-to date) has seen product upgrades to break with high-end clients: based on long-term accumulation of technological research and development, companies have been rolling out a series of high-end products, such as bc-7500 series, chemically glowing cl-8000i, tla flow line mt 8,000, resonaa 20 super-high-end colours. In addition, companies have been actively looking for high-quality M&A opportunities to acquire hytest to improve the ivd chain in 2021.
In 2023, the acquisition of the Desai diagnosis acquired the capacity to produce and sell overseas localization, and in 2024, the acquisition of Heitai ' s medical holdings in the field of cardiovascular equipment.
▪ Murray has become the world’s leading provider of medical devices and solutions, with headquarters in Shenzhen, China, and 62 offshore subsidiaries in more than 40 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Latin America.
A combination of instruments and solutions for vital information monitoring and support, such as the overall solution in the guardianship room (or/icu), and micro-surgery products, including surgical cavity mirroring systems, cold light sources, abdominal machines, optical endoscopes, ultrasound knives, energy platforms, microscopic surgical devices and surgical consumables.
Medical image operations (imaging lines): ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems and pacs (image archiving and communication systems), etc.
The company has a range of instruments for vital information monitoring and support and can provide a combination of product solutions for hospitals. In addition, it has a range of micro-inventive surgical products.
In terms of clinical diagnosis, the company owns a whole series of blood cell analysers, chemical luminous immunisation, including the provision of high-end coverage to the low end.
Ultrasound diagnostic systems, as well as special solutions for different analysers, biochemicals, condensation, clinical professions.
In the field of instrumentation, urine analyser, microbiology diagnostic system, X-ray imaging, companies, etc., there are products associated with human sample testing.
Intelligent medicine helps hospitals to construct intelligent diagnostic ecosystems by building an integrated information management system for medical equipment.
The Division's main intelligent medical services include the “Swiss Union's”it solution, the “Swiss Shadow ++” Imaging Cloud Service platform, and the “Mary Quest” Laboratory att. 1.2 Performance: A 26 per cent composite increase in operating income in 01-23 and a 29 per cent increase in net profit compound
▪ The historical performance of Méri ' s health care can be divided into several stages of development, partly linked to the global economic cycle: 2001-2008: high growth in corporate incomes, with compound increases of more than 50 per cent; 2011-2013: full distribution of the company ' s three production lines, with ivd operations starting to become growth engines, driving up the recovery of income and profits;
2014-2015: The devaluation of currencies, political instability and the appreciation of the renminbi in some of the emerging overseas markets partly affected overseas sales and domestic hospital procurement was delayed, with multiple factors contributing to a steady decline in profit growth; 1.2, performance: robust income growth and increasing profitability
The first quarter of 2019-2024, Mérry Medical Care harvests 1.3. Breaking of production lines: the largest number of custody lines, the rapid growth of the ivd line, the steady increase in image lines  The high rate of growth of the company ' s life information and support and in vitro diagnostic lines in 2019-23 was more than 20 per cent, with 15 per cent image line cagr. The Māori rate of the line of operations was stable, the Māori rate of the line of custody and the image line was higher, the ivd line was higher.
Māori rates have been affected by changes in reagents and instruments’ income ratios.—Life information and support operations: $15.252 billion (+13.8 per cent) in 2023. By the end of 23 years, the market space to be released from new domestic medical infrastructure was still more than 20 billion; the advancement of new domestic medical infrastructure and the recovery of international market demand had contributed positively, but industrial consolidation since August 23 has led to a significant delay in the procurement of domestic equipment tenders, which slowed the growth of the production line in the second half of the year.
Demand has largely recovered, leading to an increase of more than 20% in the second half of the second half of International Life Information and Support Operations.  In vitro diagnostic operations: $12,421 million (+21.1%) in 2023.
Medical video business: 7.034 billion yuan (+8.8%) in 2023. Industry restructuring has also delayed bid procurement in late 2023, but companies have for the first time become the first industrial producer in the domestic ultrasound market, thanks to strong product competitiveness and high standards of compliance.
In 2023, domestic revenue stood at $21.382 billion (+14.54 per cent), in vitro diagnostic reagent consumption and ultrasound purchases in the aftermath of the epidemic.
Overseas markets, however, have been affected by economic downturns and the strong dollar, and demand for equipment has weakened. Asia and the Pacific accounted for the highest share of income in 20% in 2023, followed by North America (19%), Latin America (18%), Europe (16%), and other regions (27%).
Figure: Growth in Méri ' s revenues from domestic and international operations 1.4. Equity structure: The two founders controlled about 54% of the company ' s shares together, and the two founders managed 53.7% of the company ' s shares together. The founders Li Sitting and Xu Air combined controlled 53.7% of the company ' s shares as co-operators and achieved absolute control.
Director Li Sitin was born in 1951, graduated from Anhuishan High School, became an engineer in 1969, became an engineer in the Hubei Farmer Forest Zone, and in 1973.
In 1986, in Shenzhen and analogic, the Chinese first joint venture in the field of medical equipment was set up by the Academy of Central Sciences: Shenzhen Anko, and in the second year Li was “removed” to become the technical backbone of Anko. Li Sitting’s military brigade refined his will, casted without fear of suffering, and the experience of Anquatine familiarized Li with the medical equipment industry and recognized the gap between imported and imported equipment. In 1991, Li Siting, 40, sought out two best friends in the biomedical field, Xu Xiao, Sung-ming, and worked together to establish Murray’s medical care.
• Core management holds shares through the SIP platform. Murray Health Care ' s employee incentives are mainly based on high wages and cash incentives, with per capita pay ranking among headware enterprises. In 2022, the company issued an employee holding scheme with a total participation of no more than 27,000 people, or a combined participation of not more than 3.0487 million, or 0.25% of the total share capital, with a share price of $50/unit and a corresponding shareholding for the core management. The SIP performance appraisal requires no less than a 73% increase in the net return of mothers in 2024 as compared to 2021 (combined growth rate of 20%).
In an interview with the media, Li Sitting said that relatives of the founders and senior managers could not work in the Department. He said: “We want to make Murray an international company, a public company, so its successor must be chosen from society, from the company, but not from the company.
Not from among relatives, "We're always concerned, we're all growing up, we're making some mats. Now we're basically the younger group after 70.