Food and beverages of the present world (603369) Reclaimed successfully in 22, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center opened in 23
It's about $1.18 billion, a 25% increase from the previous year, and it's going well. It's going well. It's going well.
In the light of the equanimity of the country, which is marked by a combination of channels, product power, brand power and strong competition, the strength of which is prominent and strong; in addition, the flavour v3 has recovered significantly from the control price of 2022, the profit of the channel has recovered significantly, the power of the channel has increased, and there has been a clear trend in Nanjing and Xiaan markets during the spring season.
In terms of development, the Sino-China, Huaihai and Salt City regions have continued to grow, and the basics of Liao An and Nanjing are robust; among these, the Sino-Su region has seen a significant increase in brand power, with a continuous increase in the pace of structural upgrading and combined brand influence.
The transaction price is $430-440 per bottle, $280 per bottle, and the price is down slightly and steadily; the current open-door lending policy is over, control of the goods begins at the end of the country, and the extra-quota fare price is raised by $20 per bottle.
The scenes have recovered structurally and the rhythm has affected profit margins. The scenes of feasts and family visits during the spring festivals have taken the lead, business consumption has recovered gradually after the spring season, the pace of recovery of scenes has led to marked variations in product performance, the recovery of controlled business consumption has been slightly delayed and the pace of sub-high prices has been slightly slower to sell.
Jiangsu's economy is strong, with a target of 10 billion. 1. Jiangsu's economy is well-structured, business activity is high, and current business consumption has recovered significantly, leading to a sustained acceleration in sub-high-priced white wine sales in the province; the dominant price belt for intra-business consumption in the province of Kabang, with a strong combination of competitiveness, will reap the full dividends of sub-high-end expansion.
The competitive advantage of the 300-500-bit in the province has continued to grow, with a clear-cut, highly consistent management and shareholder interests, incentives, strong corporate performance, safe targets, and a strong long-term growth momentum.
Incentives are strong enough to see the company grow in the long term and maintain a “buy-in” rating. 1. Consorts of the world (603369): breakthroughs outside the province, 10 billion journeys clear (2023-02-24).
2. Constellation of the world (603369): 10 billion journey paths clear, Consort of the world (603369): product structure continuously upgrades. Incentives are available with sufficient kinetic energy (2022-09-01)
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.