First season's opening is expected to be successful, with the company's target of 10 billion in 2023, and the first quarter is expected to be successful. According to the company's latest developments, the target of 2023 is set at 10 billion, and the first season is expected to be successful.
News, the president of the company, at his recent 2023 workshop, said, “Tighten billion targets, multiplied by the current world tracker, vowed to win the first quarter of the year”, conveying firm confidence in the company to complete its mission.
As a result of the epidemic in December, the deterioration of the consumer landscape has led to a loss of sales, and there has been a marked improvement since January, but due to the short spring season, we judge the overall increase in spring demand. According to a summary of investors’ exchanges at the end of January, the overall situation is expected to be lower this month than last year, when it passed in February, with the full volume of deliveries and a higher base.
The situation will be much better in February/March this year, with the replenishment likely to be faster, and the feast market likely to recover quickly. (3) Given that the spring season will be followed by a wave of feasts and business needs, adding up the company’s current good stock, it is expected that the company’s target of opening doors in the first quarter of the year will be met.
The company’s product strategy is clear and still basic, and v3 is expected to be ready for release in 2023, and the moon is largely flat. The country’s fourth largest single item, with a better sales climate within the province, will grow faster than the company’s average in 2023.
Each year, affected by the outbreak and channel strategy, v3 batch prices fluctuated slightly, and the company, after control and adjustment of the channel system in the second half of last year, now holds the price steady at more than $600. As the v series continues to grow, we judge that v3 is likely to reach the stage.
But given the corporate overall product structure and brand power, we judge that the company will control its delivery according to its own pace of development. In 2023, structural upgrading and city growth continued in the province, with an extra-provincial focus on resources, China is expected to be low.
The base has grown faster. (1) The company has reached a high municipal rate in LeAnn, Nanjing, and elsewhere, there is much room for both. (2) The company is now focusing its resources on extra-provincial markets, selecting well-established market niches in some of the former priority provinces.
Focused on the local city, out of which 10 were selected, priority tests, business priorities, and resource priorities are expected to break through the priority markets in 2023. (3) In the off-provincial market, China’s previous markets were better, including Shanghai, Zhejiang, Anhui, but the region was more affected by the epidemic in 22 years.
Jiangsu has a large market capacity, and the company still has much room for upgrading in the province, in terms of city occupancy. From the product’s life cycle, the company’s growing brands of the V series, supported by the four base plates, have achieved a high degree of quantitative certainty.
By streamlining internal mechanisms, equity incentives are on the ground, and the 1455 target is expected to be successfully achieved. According to the latest line, The End of the World, 202,2802, the competition has been squeezed in the province. The recovery in consumption has been less than expected.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: white wine
(8610) 66229391