On December 29, the theme of the present day's event was “Scoffing 10 Billion, Striving Towards a New Path”, which was launched by the marketing system.
2023 World Development Congress, 2022: Building on the “faster of the good”, equity incentive targets can last. 22 years are the year when the company's “14th Five” strategic plan was advanced, and the company proposed it at the 22nd Development Congress.
At the Development Congress, the company recalled 2022, in which the marketing system ends, 1) marketing continued to improve, product structure continued to optimize in the first three quarters of 2022, the national series continued to grow steadily, and the category "Ta" established the Ministry of the Future, the Ministry of the Nation, the Department of the V, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the High Gorge Marketing Company.
The “Four One Divisions” are structured to optimize the front-to-back and architecture and structure and to stimulate new dynamics in market development. 3) Total stock/flow (million shares)
At the end of the spring and the evening of the international spring, " This is China " , there is a continuous improvement in the efficiency of the brand of the present world. (4) Channel construction is the highest/lowest in 12 months.
In addition, the company's skills have been expanded in an orderly manner, and the whole project has been promoted.
By the year 2026, the original wine production will increase to 73,000 tons, and the pottery storage will reach 310,000 tons. Differently, the performance target will be ready for review - 2022/11/02 Constellation of the world (603369).
The performance target for 2022 was considered to have increased by no less than 22 per cent over the same period of time, and the non-net profit over the same period of time was not less than the present-day horizon (603369).
Vision 2023: Launch of the “521” initiative, focusing on the “Five Matrix” to hit the $10 billion target. At the Development Congress, the marketing system further proposed a 2023 marketing work plan, summarized as the “521” initiative.
(b) Promotion of two main objectives: brand value enhancement, master-up improvement, and (3) achievement of one goal: to win the $10 billion target. The marketing focus is around the five-fold matrix, with a multi-dimensional thrust from brands, channels, and the country at large.
Upgraded high-end branding matrix: a strategic positioning for the upgrading of the nation's borders to create a high-end image. National branding upgraded to a new generation of high-end white wines in China. Sets a national identity four-way as a super-monitor, a national v9 as a new product for the high-end transformation strategy, and upgrades two major platforms of experience, creating a three-promotion culture; and 2 world-end focus as a legacy culture.
It's a popular brand that focuses on high- and medium-end prices, the concentration of internal roots in the province, and a selective layout outside the country; it's three high ravines open, it's rejuvenate, it's rejuvenated, it's luminous, it's re-established product trust, it's upgraded, and it's unique to go back to the factory.
2) Construction of a national breakthrough path: a focused strategic track, with the establishment of a national threshold as the backbone of the nationalization system, an active layout of 800+priced new strategic products, and an enhanced high-end layout of long-triangular city integration, with the strengthening of national v; 2 concentrations of the focal block market, with stability in the province and 10 district markets established for 23 years outside the province (Kading, Kacing, Lake State, etc.)
The market for the plate, which focuses on Xiaoguchi, Xijiang, Chu Hung, Xiang, Xiang, Xu, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, Xiang, X, Xi, Xiang, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, Xiang, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X
Implementation of 100 billion city projects, with a provincial focus on concentrating resources around 100 seed clients. Activating business owners by authorizing budget and flow optimization. 4) Activating professional marketing organizations: companies will further strengthen brand management systems and promote marketing organization.
Expansion, improvement of incentives and performance appraisals for 14 years and 3 years. (5) Enhancing digital depth: The Digital Marketing Change Project in 2023 will be fully fielded, and companies will accelerate data-sharing, strengthen the integration of service systems, and enhance the transformation of consumption.
It is clear that 23 years are the two major years of promotion, with a three-year action plan for the next billion years. 1) Increasing brand value: 2023 for companies, building a customer-based brand asset development, excellence and brand evaluation system, and launching a three-year action plan for brand promotion. 2) Optimizing the subject: 23 for distributors.
We believe that companies have a comprehensive view of the post-war era in terms of brand values, channels, teams, etc.
A little more clearly oriented; deepening the five-fold matrix and finer development initiatives, with the prospect of a sustained high-end, medium- and long-term outlook: 23-year revenue targets, equity incentives for escort and long-term corporate development. The company ' s 23-year marketing work plan states that 1) will be the big v9 Qingya spice class; 2) upgrading the national brand strategy
The company will deepen its five-folding initiative and will continue to promote brand high-end, nationalization goals, with 10 more districts being established as priority markets outside the province.
We believe that the corporate strategy is clear. The focus is on k, v, development, and increasing out-of-country ratios. At the same time, it is clear that 23 years have passed since brand values and marketing were optimized, with a three-year platform of action for the next 10 billion years, which is expected to guarantee high-end and nationalization of the company from brand values and channels; in addition, the equity incentive programme.
Landfall, 24 years of revenue, profit outlooks, $12.2 billion and $3.1 billion, are expected to stimulate corporate motivation and reflect profit projections: in the short term, companies are open and are expected to benefit from rising consumption in the province. In the long run, the corporate product structure continues to improve, the nationalization scheme continues to advance, and marketing mechanisms guarantee continuous follow-up, equity incentives are being promoted.
Foregone in the world: the marketing system has launched a 521 initiative to hit the $10 billion target, and there has been a significant decline in the consumption of white wine, among other things.
Today's edge: the marketing system launched its 521st initiative, with a total of 10 billion targets.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.