The company is expected to achieve gross operating income in 2022 \triangleright practice number: s1500520110001
Year after year, when the company hit the “10 billion” target, with an increase of about 27.4% over the same period, and 23 years, January-February, when the pace of growth was largely in line with the target level, it became clear that the company was moving firmly to 10 billion. With the first recovery of the consumption scene, the company was firmly on the threshold, and we thought it would be two quarters low.
On March 6, the company issued a notice that decided to suspend the receipt of quota sales orders at the end of the country; if there is still a special demand for goods, it will do so at an extra quota price.
One billion-grade monoliths, the company's fundamentals, and we believe that this low-season stop is intended to reinforce the rareness and value of the product, stabilize market confidence, and help the company take ownership of market pricing initiatives.
In the spirit of long-termism, the billion-dollar goal is achieved not by radicalism, but by high quality. \triangleright risk factors: increased competition within the province; under-exploitation of markets outside the province; and recurrent effects of the epidemic.
Constellation (603369): New cross-border, Consort (603369): the epidemic causes short-term disturbances, deep-drawling growth.
Condom (603369): The channel continues.
Building No. 1 of the 9th City Street in Beijing City West Side, where members of the food and beverages team are trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading students. Zhang Wai-hyun graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the white wine industry.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang, Bachelor of Arts, Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He is good at future market strategies based on available data and market moves.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, succulent foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, succulent foods, seafood international). Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States of America, and left beauty in milk for the next two years.
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with one year ' s experience in food and beverage research.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Penang State cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, ocean river shares, present-day bond, sauce plate blocks), Wang Snowy, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, B.A., covering beer (in-depth)
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.