In 2022, when he was successful, and in 2023, when he opened the door, the company's report on the events in the world (603369.sh) was published, on 12 March 2023, in the year 2022 and in January-February 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn was successful in 2022 and opened in 2023.
At the end of the product: the country has been upgraded to a new generation of high-end white wine in China, the world has returned to everyday consumption, the high ravine concentration of high-light light bottles, the construction of a nationalization breakthrough model with a four-fold super-image monolith, a positive layout of 800 yuan plus the price belt of the strategy (suspected spring sugar)
V is an integrated high-end layout of the long-triangular urban population. Channels: excellent integration model, upgrading the organization of the plant; enhanced co-location of the market, creating a billion yuan market for each local city over a period of three to five years.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, growth below expectations, growth of the v series below expectations, out-of-country expansion, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.