Performance growth is higher than expected, slurry growth is sustained.
As a result of increased sales and higher prices of company products, sales earnings and profits have increased by a double rate of 2.21 per cent, with a decline of 3 pct over the same year, while the fourth generation of new products, such as Pure C, have increased their profits on the market.
□: Chengpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn judged to be related to the speed of the shipment, the continued high growth of the slurry, and the growth of the stock. 10,000 yuan/tonne. The total number of single plasma stations in the company in 2024 was 107, of which 85 were in camp.
Song Liqiang Division (nine more operating magma stations) achieved 2781 tons of plasma collection, an increase of 15 per cent compared to the previous year, maintaining a share of about 20 per cent in the domestic industry. In 2024, the company promoted investment mergers and acquisitions, with a subsidiary, Chengdu, living at 185 million.
The total amount of the US dollar is to complete the acquisition of 100% of the stock of the original Red, and the addition of a new blood-producing company, five additional single-sampling plasma stations, increasing the amount of slurry by more than 100 tons per year. We estimate that the company slurry 2,500 tons per year in 2023, yielding 24.1 million yuan per ton of slurry, net profit of 840,000 yuan per ton of slurry and tons of slurry.
The R & D pipeline is new and continues to promote the export and internationalization of products. At the R & D level, 1) Chengdu R & D Reassembled human coagulation factor Via completed clinical tests in adults and adolescents (~12 years old) and effectively improved haemorrhage and signs of persons with haemophilia a/b co-infested inhibitors, delivered in January 2025.
2 g/bottle (20%, 10ml) for intradermal injection of human immune protein, and the first country to submit a request for a listing permit for treatment of pathogenic immuno-deficiency (pid) and successive exemptions.
Injection of recombinant human coagulation vii-fc integrated proteins for i-stage clinical trials.
4. At the marketing level, in 2024, companies focused on the export and internationalization of products, and preparations for the development and registration of the international market for new products continued.
The city has a record of exports of products such as decomposition, static C, B, and ecstasy. The investment proposal is that the planetarium is a leading domestic blood company, with 107 single-smelling stations with a slurry processing capacity of 4,000 to 5,000 tons, which is expected to catch up with the international first-line blood company.
1. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company review report _ Skybasin organisms (600161.sh): Performance continues to grow, slurry and product tubes are growing, while the company is researching pipelines and potential products are expected to be marketed, with a sustained improvement in ton magma profits.
Line double-leading (600161.sh): q2 performance growth is higher than expected, new items are on the market 3.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
Song Liqiang, Master of Public Health at the University of Kyotan, admitted to the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.