Cost advantages are prominent, and refining projects bring new opportunities for profit - the Helium Pulse Depth Report • this report attempts to address: assessing the profit advantages of Helium Pulse from a cost advantage perspective.
This report will assess the company in terms of its cost advantages, and it is hoped that it will be more helpful for investors to understand the profitability of the petrochemical industry and the leading company, the constant strength of the fossilization. The cost advantages of helium petrochemicals are mainly reflected in the cost-efficiency logic of the size advantage: the size advantage is significant and the cost advantage is significant.
The size of the company and the advantages of integration reduce costs. The cost per kilogram of the company’s product has been significantly reduced since the refinery project came into operation.
The Unit has a capacity of 11.6 million tons, compared to 300 tons in depth, and as a result of the shutdown, the quickening of the layout of the pta capacity can still reap dividends in the short term.
In 2019, the country’s production capacity and profitability projections and investment proposals were made.
After the launch of the refining project in May 2019, the ratio of corporate chemical products to pta Maori was 35 per cent and 31 per cent, respectively, to 2, Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh): the refining project
The petrochemical and petrochemical projects in Shanghai assess the Helium petrochemicals project, and the helium petrochemicals project earns Māori 2000*145 = 29 billion yuan.
First, assessing the profitability of the petrochemical industry as a leading private petrochemical enterprise has been the focus of attention in capital markets. The paper will evaluate the company from the cost perspective, hoping to be more helpful to investors in understanding the profitability of the petrochemical industry and of the petrochemical industry.
It is the firm’s biggest tool to reduce costs. As a result, the cost of the helium petrochemical product, the cost of the ton, the marketing rate of the ton, and so on, are all in the lead in terms of financial indicators. Second, the company’s logic is that there is a significant yield and cost advantage.
(i) The company is the leading company in the petrochemical industry, and the leading company in the petrochemical industry. The company was established in 1999 to cover petroleum refining, petrochemicals, aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, aromatic hydrocarbons, pta, ethanol, civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, etc., in Suzhou, Dalian, Cebu, Nanton, etc.
In 2016, the company landed on the Shell Company Rubber and Plastic Mechanics Company Ltd., with the first shareholder being the Heat Group Limited. In 2019, the Helium 20 million tons of refining project was officially launched, meaning that the Department was the first enterprise in the industry to develop an integrated whole chain of “oil-px-pta-polyester” operations.
The business of the industrial chain is mainly centred on “px-pta-polyester-civil silk, industrial silk, polyester film, engineering plastic.” Figure 1: The company's business development history since its inception. Corporate equity structure is clear.
2% equity and 99% interest in Heath Group Limited. Heath Group Limited is the first shareholder in Heathstone Chemical Ltd., holding 29.84% share, second shareholder in Heath Investment (Dalian) Limited, 21.29% share, third shareholder in Van Redguard, holding 12.59% share.
Figure 2: The structure of the company's shareholdings is based on the International Investment Ltd. and the Tibet Trust Ltd. - Tibet Trust - Helium Pulse IV Staff Holding Pooled Funds (PTF) scheme, with no significant change in the shareholding ratios of other shareholders.
The company has more than 20 wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries, and three core subsidiaries, namely, Helium Pulsification (Dalian) with limited shares of 100%, 99.9%, and Campus Pulsification Co. Ltd., with a limited capacity of 4.5 million tons of px capacity. The expansion of capacity offers new opportunities for profitability.
In addition, 20 million tons of vinyl ethylene production. After the completion of the refining integration project, the company’s total polyester production capacity will be out of reach of 4 million tons per year, and pta’s total capacity will reach 11.6 million tons per year. The company’s expansion of production capacity will result in greater corporate gains and a lower cost of corporate size advantages.
The cost per ton is $3134, a decrease of $995 from 2018; the cost per ton is $7347, a decrease of $184 from 2018. In the same industry, there is a significant cost advantage for companies, and the comparison will be detailed below. (ii) The net profit from the company has grown rapidly since it was listed.
Since the company was listed, the net profits from the start-up and return to the mother have grown rapidly. For example, in 2016, the company collected $19.2 billion, and in 2019 it earned $10.8 billion, at 16 per cent, 27 per cent and 68 per cent, respectively, compared to 2017, 2018 and 2019. The annual compound growth rate from the start of the market has been 174 times, benefiting mainly from the production of 20 million tons of refined integration projects and the expansion of products.
This has led to a significant reduction in unit costs. The net return profits of companies increased from 3.3 billion yuan in 2018 to 10 billion yuan in 2019, corresponding to an increase of 202 per cent and 43 times the annual compound growth rate.
The strategic position of chemical products and pta is becoming increasingly evident in the production of tons of refined projects. In 2019, the primary business was 30 per cent, 29 per cent, and the Māori 35 per cent, 31 per cent. The company had the advantage of integrated industrial chain layouts. The company produced mainly px products and finished oils and other chemicals.
Px products are largely used for raw materials at company pta plants, and pta products are produced in part for the company polyester plants, which are sold to customers in the downstream optics field for the production of polyester fibres, etc.; after production of various types of polyester products, they are sold for the production of textiles at downstream knitting plants, for the sale of industrial silk to construction materials, auto parts and components plants, and for the sale of polyester slices.
ISP sells the bopet film to downstream printing, packaging, electronics, pbt resin to downstream cars, electricity figure 7: the company ' s main product and (iii) a continuous improvement in the three rates of cost of hemospheric petrochemicals
In the short term, the three rates of cost associated with helium petrochemicals from large projects did not have an advantage among peers. In 2019, on average, three companies in the industry were listed, and we found the highest rate of helium petrochemicals, 5.56%.
In the project, the significant increase in financial costs resulted in three rates being higher than those of peers. Figure 9: Three rates for comparable companies in 2019. III. Industry logic: profit from the polyester chain will shift downstream from 2020 to 2022
The polyester chain is divided into three main parts, with upstream px, midstream pta, and downstream polyester products (primarily leaching filaments). Supply and demand are the most important factors affecting the three products.
As a result of the downside, three tons of Māori were at a historically low level. By 30 May 2020, the industry units of px, pta and elevate filament were $123.21, 9.04 and $21.51 per ton, respectively. (i) px: the release of capacity would lead to overcapacity.
px, for benzene, is an important aromatic aromatic product, which is used mainly to prepare phenyldimethyl acid (pta) and phenyldimethyl ester (dmt) for production of polyethylene dibenzoate (pet), which is the source in the entire chemical fibre chain. px is a standardized product, and achieving economies of scale by reducing costs is the key to profitability.
Three barrels of oil, prosperity, resilience, and dynasty are private enterprises, accounting for up to 53 per cent of the total. Foreign firms account for less.
With 6.8 million tonnes, 6.6 million tonnes, and 7.79 million tonnes, our pta capacity will reach 41.36 million tonnes in 2022, the average annual rate of increase in consumption will be 9% for 2020-2022 px and 3.589 million for 2022 px.
The annual Px capacity utilization rate of 72% and 62% indicates that the industry will gradually become over-exceeded in a larger direction, to the detriment of enterprises whose main product is px. This will benefit downstream industries such as pta, silted silk, etc. (ii) pta demand is stable and profit space is expected to increase.
pta, one of the most important organic materials used in the field of fibre optics, electronics, and architecture. pta is in the middle of the fibre optic chain, where the upstream raw materials are px, and downstream applications are mainly used to make pets.
In recent years, the domestic production of pta has slowed, but it will be released in 2020-2022. In 2015-2018, the production of pta was not immediately profitable.
The demand for pta has been growing slowly, at 15.2 million tons, 12.2 million tons and 15.6 million tons, respectively. Since 1994, pta has been increasing at a negative rate in all but the same years for pta and 2014 for pta. In 2018, pta consumption stood at 4,034 million tons. In 2013-2018, pta has been declining.
Figure 19: Pta production capacity utilization and forecast of pta-listed major companies is the most profitable for stung petrochemicals. For two years, according to data disclosed by companies, stung petrochemicals have been used as a comparable public authority to assess their pta profitability.
The cost has fallen, the unit-ton cost of semen and sorbent-kun shares has increased slightly, and Shinfengine and the Orient Rainbow have been completely impossible to compare due to the lack of data. It has been measured that, while the pta-ton cost of stellar petrochemicals is not the lowest, the unit-ton income is not the highest, but it is the highest.
In 2019, the companies had the highest number of pta tons in their peers. In 2019, pta tons were: Helium petrochemicals $918, Fuchistolites $198, Shunfunghuing $259, Kiong-kun's share $492 and the Eastern Rainbow $38. In-line pta units had a flat average of 381 dollars, and helium petrochemicals were 537 dollars above the average, with a significant profit advantage.
(iii) Pulse filamentation: Increased filamentary capacity over the next three years, pet, polyethylene ethylene diphenylacetic acid, commonly known as polyester, is a downstream product of the chemical fibre chain. The domestic polyester industry is concentrated. It is clear that the top 10 polyester enterprises account for 56 per cent of the domestic market share.
Figure 22: Distribution of domestic polyester production capacity in 2019 75% of the pet products are polyester fibres. Polyester fibres can be divided into long filaments and short strips of scrubbers, which are applied downstream in textile clothing.
Figure 23: Classification of long wires for detergents High barriers to the entry of long wires for detergents. Differential products are very demanding for technology, while our polyester fibre long wire industry has started late, and there is a shortage of mature managers and engineers, which has become a restriction on the creation of new differentiated polyester fibre long wire enterprises in the country.
It's one of the main obstacles: the variety of products that purge the fdy has the most profitable profit. Stereochemicals are excellent in customizing the filament. Stereochemical pet products include poy, fdy, dty, and filamentation. The company's civil filamental capacity.
The industry is in the fifth highest category, and the country’s third largest, most technologically advanced, civil, industrial, silk manufacturers, and the only company in the country that can produce 70 dfdy products. The industry tends to be concentrated.
For the next three years, about 5.3 million tons of long silk will be released. In 2019, 41.34 million tons of silk will be produced in the country, and companies led by persistent petrochemicals and stumps will release the company’s long silk production capacity over the next three years.
Since 2020, the overall textile climate index at Kobashi has fluctuated at about 1642 and is at its lowest level in nearly six years. The market for long wires in the textile and clothing industry has been significantly affected by the downstream textile and clothing industry.
Figure 24: Cobbridge ' s overall textile climate index grew by 33.9 million tons a year, at a rate of 12 per cent. The average rate of increase in the consumption of long-silent filamentary samples was 14 per cent between 2017 and 2019, with a consumption of approximately 46.7 million tons.
For the next three years, the use of long filamentary capacity has increased to the benefit of the petrochemical enterprise. For the next three years, it has been measured to be 89%, 92%, and 100%, respectively, indicating a year-to-year upward trend. So, even if the epidemic affects the need for long filamentation in the short term, it will continue the trend towards a good future for the product, and companies with expansion projects will receive significant dividends in the field of filamentation.
Figure 26: Use and projection of filamentary capacity of detergents by using data from corporate polyester products as leaching filamental data to measure the annual decline in the cost per kiloton of silicon petrochemical filament products of major listed companies.
The cost per kiloton of washing the filament of four companies was analysed. It is clear from the data disclosed that the sum of tons of filamentary filamentation units in the same industry has declined for three consecutive years, at a cost of $10319 per kiloton, $7531 per kiloton, and $7347 per kiloton, respectively, for the last three years.
In 2019, companies, for example, spent $1162 on detergents and Orient rainbows. The average amount of decathed silk in the line was $1503, and the unit amount of hemospheric petrochemicals was $172 above average water.
(i) Helium petrochemical sales are the first in the industry. Helium petrochemical sales were 20.75% in 2019, the highest in the last decade.
Even in 2018, when sales were lower than sales, 12.74% of sales were higher than in other leading firms. On the one hand, 20 million tons of silicon petrochemical integration projects were launched, companies were more efficient, materials were better used, and economies of scale reduced costs.
Accompanied equipment, such as divisional-owned power plants, can significantly reduce corporate operating costs.
In recent years, around the world, all regions of the world have refined Māori at $5 per barrel ~ $10 per barrel, at an exchange rate of 7.0 and 1 ton = 7,389 barrels. Māori from each region is estimated at R$ 258/t ~ 776 per ton.
The Māori result is based on a semi-variable cost, i.e., the removal of all purely variable and fixed costs. China’s oil, China’s petrochemicals, and Shanghai’s petrochemicals are comparable companies for assessing the benefits of long-term refining integration projects.
An assessment of the profitability of the 20 million tons of helium petrochemical integration project, which amounts to $1614 per ton, $1914 per ton, $1853 per ton, $1596 per ton and $1438 per ton per ton per ton, resulting in an average of $1683 per ton per ton per ton of refining projects in China over the last five years.
In the same vein, an average of five years has passed since China’s petrochemical and Shanghai petrochemical projects processed Māori. In the last five years, China’s petrochemical projects processed an average of 1412 kyats per kiloton of Māori and 1254 kyats per ton in Shanghai.
In the case of tons of crude oil, helium petrochemical projects can obtain 2000*145 = 29 billion yuan per year for processing. Using Brent crude oil prices as a cross-coordinate, and Māori for processing units of inland refining projects as a vertical co-ordinate, a map showing the price of single-ton processing of Māori and crude oil can be obtained.
With today’s oil prices, helium petrification projects are expected to remain high. V. Profit predictions and investment proposals. 20 million tons of helium refining integration projects have been commercialized since May 2019, marking the true state of the country’s polyester giants.
The company’s business composition has changed considerably since the project came into operation. In 2019, the main business of chemicals and pta was 30 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively; Observing the prices of px, pta and elixir from 2017 to 2020, it was found that the prices of all three products were historically low.
On 4 June 2020, the spot price for px was $433 per ton and the spot price for pta was $3550 per ton. The price changes for the three products of elixir converged and, as of 4 June 2020, the market share for the Fdy, Poy and dty was 6150 ton, 5550 ton and 7050 ton, which were at a low level for almost two years.
Based on current market demand and changes in product prices, we make the following profit assumptions: (2) The company pta is expected to complete phase 5 of the project as planned, and its capacity will reach 11.6 million tons in 2020; this phase is expected to have a low valuation of constant petrochemicals.
Yang, the Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the University of Rutgers Department of Chemical Engineering, United States of America, trains a doctor in geochemistry (Earth exploration and information technology, calculating the source of chemical and hydrocarbon resources). In October 2014, he joined the private sector in petrochemical and construction materials, and in the 2015 “Eye of the Sky” industry study.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.