1. Anticipated NPP of the Hydrocarbons Project
In 2019, helium petrochemicals reported revenues of $10,782 million, an increase of 67 per cent. The company achieved a net gain of $10,125 million, an increase of 197.21 per cent, and a net non-mortality gain of $9,276 million, which is in line with our "Prospected Helium petrochemical performance in 19 years is above growth in the same year."
4. Making History Again: Everlasting q3 Profits 78.93 per cent have been fully achieved, capital spending has declined in intensity, and we believe that its debt ratios are expected to decrease further in the future.
5. Forecasting the neutral performance of the constant q3 over the same period of time, the company issues a shareholder return plan for the next five years, linking the rate of dividends paid to the asset-liability ratio. We believe that the company will be determined in the future by a trend of high dividends.
Four quarters of Helium petrochemical profit is slightly higher than we expected: four quarters of Helium petrochemical income is lower than three quarters, and the profit is higher than three quarters. The reason for this is related to four quarters of non-recurring gains and losses as a high proportion of profits. The annual non-refundable net profit of $9.276 billion is consistent with our four-quarter forecast report for 2019.
Rectomy ' s 19-year performance was 160 per cent higher than the growth of the same year. $2 billion in non-net profit was deducted in the fourth quarter, with a net annual gain of $8.8 billion expected to be slightly higher by 5.4 per cent, taking into account that the profit from pta and polyester was lower than the four-quarterly increase in the benefit from the helithization: $610 million in subsidies received by the company throughout the year and non-recurring gains and losses throughout the year.
In the first quarter of 2020, the growth of the steady-force petrochemical performance was expected, and the ethylene device was put into operation, opening a new cycle. The first quarter of 2020 had some impact on the shipping industry, resulting in a poor flow of finished oil;
At the same time, a sharp drop in crude oil, which led to a setback in oil prices, led to an inevitable stock loss in crude oil stocks. Companies achieved a similar increase in their performance in a historically extreme adverse environment, confirming our judgement that they have over-profited far beyond the industry.
1. Risk of a large-scale global outbreak 2. The severe demand for textiles and clothing has deteriorated 3. Policy and external export risk 10. The risk of large fluctuations in oil prices11. Other force majeure effects.I. The industry bottom profit of Helium petrochemicals in 2019 is in line with our expectations, far beyond market expectations.
1.1 Helium petrochemicals reported profits in 2019. Helium petrochemicals reported revenues of $10,782 million in 2019, an increase of 67 per cent in the same year. The company achieved a net gain of $10,125 million, an increase of 197.21 per cent in the same year; the net non-return to the mother was $9,276 million, which is in line with our expectations.
In the second half of the year, helium petrochemicals generated $5,846 billion, netting $5,413 million. In the fourth quarter, helium petrochemicals achieved $24,454 million, falling from the third quarter and meeting our expectations.
Helium petrochemicals show a net profit of $6,081 million on the main product plate in the three-to-four quarters, and $4,666 million on the non-net profit. The net profit on the stationary (pta) device is $1,243 million, the net profit on the downstream helonic fibre is $269 million and the net profit on the base is $211 million (75 per cent of the share).
1.2 Helium petrochemical valuations are low and there is a chance of certainty in 2019, which was a year with a low profile in the refining industry. In the context of the China-United States trade frictions affecting the demand for swirling terminals, helium petrochemicals achieved a net gain of more than 10 billion tons in just nine months (at the end of eight months) when the refinery was put into operation.
The former market value was just $97.5 billion, which corresponds to a 9.5-fold static market surplus. If the constant oil refining device is annualized (4,666 million yuan in the second half of the year, equivalent to 9,332 million yuan in the whole year of 2019, the Helium petrochemical performance will reach $13.4 billion, which corresponds to only about seven times the current market value, it is clearly underestimated!
The historic collapse of crude oil in the first quarter of 2020 (the one-day drop was historic), and most of the refining units faced a large stock of daily stocks, falling from $66 per barrel to $26.35 per barrel on 31 March in response to the new crown epidemic, which significantly affected the delivery of finished oil, and in the harsh external environment, where most of the refining devices fell.
We believe that in the first quarter of 2020, we will become the iron base of the refining industry, which, with the domestic epidemic taking the lead, is expected to recover significantly. According to our annual strategy, the iron base certification will be the same.
1.2.3 The introduction of Stereoethylene will accelerate the growth of corporate profits, and the fundamentals of Stereochemicals in 2020 will increase compared to 2019.
(1) In the first quarter of 2020, the Helium Fossil ethylene plant was put into production, and according to our report " Anticipated NPR of 20% for the Hydrocarbon Project " , it is projected that Helium Pulse will contribute more than RMB 2 billion/year in excess profits, leading to a new high of helium petrochemical performance.
(2) In December 2019, in mid-2020, two pta-4, pta-5 oil refineries totalling 5 million tons of pta (3) were in operation throughout the year.
Against the background of the shock, helium petrochemicals are still expected to earn more than $13.5 billion a year, with only seven times the dynamic market surplus at the absolute bottom of the industry, which is clearly underestimated. According to our prediction of the 19-year projection of helium petrochemicals, which grew by more than 160% on a year-on-year basis.
As a result of a decline in the recurrent earnings of the main battalion operations during the quarter due to the decline in the price differentials for major products, the following assumptions are expected to be used in the above splits: (1) the quantity of petrol oil-adjusted and diesel-fueled packages is deducted for 8 months from the amount of 88,365 tons of chemical products
(ii) the arbitrage profit is Māori, measured at the price of a product in four quarters (3) the remainder is considered by the refinery and 1.5 million tons of ethylene devices.
(4) Other assumptions can be drawn from the study of the constant refining unit and the 1.5 million tons of ethylene device. 1.3 Other concerns of the persistent petrochemical financial reporting are that, according to article VIII of the Shanghai Stock Exchange Rules for the Enforcement of Repurchase of Stock by Listed Companies, “listed companies in cash”
The sum of the total annual cash shares repurchased for the purpose of repurchase, centralized bid, offer repurchase of shares implemented during the year, inclusive of the amount of 64.4562 million shares repurchased as of the end of 2019.
We believe that the company continues to operate in a sustained manner, with a high cash flow and a high debt rate.