The main industry has maintained steady growth, and the industry has a strong headline, and the Golden Dragonfish (300999) is reported for 2020.
On 23 March 2021, Golden Dragonfish published its annual report for 2020, which achieved operating income of 1949.22 billion yuan, i.e. +14.16 per cent for the reporting period; net return to the mother of 6.01 billion yuan, i.e. +10.96 per cent for the year; basic ps of 1.21 yuan for each share.
The kitchen food business has been growing steadily and the feed raw materials and fat technology business has been fully warming. \triangleright overall, in 2020, the company actively organized the resumption of work during the epidemic and ensured the supply of essential supplies.
Food operations, companies responding to structural changes in downstream demand, enhancing the supply of small packaging products and surfaces for household consumption to customers in the food industry, and actively coping with the decline in sales of catering channels. Forage feedstock operations benefited from a steady recovery in downstream pig stocks and a recovery in demand. At the profit end, the first three quarters benefited from the main product gross.
The unit has increased its profits compared with the trend of depth 300, and profits have remained high. q4, owing to increases in raw materials, such as soybeans, and losses in hedge derivative positions at end-of-year market value, net profits have declined on a year-on-year basis, slowing up the rate of increase throughout the year.
+0.36 ppt/+1.98 ppt. The firm’s two main lines of business have seen steady growth in revenue and a small increase in the Māori ratio, showing an improvement in the competitiveness of the company’s main products.
The increase in the Māori rate was evident, and the overall improvement in the cost rate during the period was due to the increased supply of small packaging products for household consumption and for customers of the food industry in the kitchen food business, the Golden Dragonfish (300999), which was reported in the third quarter of 2020.
The high-end consolidation of products continues to advance; the feed business benefits from downstream hog farming and rising demand. q3 earnings are rising at a steady rate, with small returns on investment (300999), reported in depth: production capacity
Increased efficiency in the use of investments. Management costs 1.46 per cent, i.e. 1.04 ppt (1.42 per cent, i.e., q4). Continued expansion, channel strength + brand strength leader status
Strengthening branding and promoting high-end products \triangleright as official sponsor of the Beijing Winter Olympics in 2022 and Tokyo in 2020, Beijing in 2022 and Paris in 2024
Three consecutive official sponsors of the Chinese Olympic delegation have continuously activated and enhanced brand influence through media campaigns, public relations campaigns, and marketing channels.
The company has continued to scale up the promotion of high-end products. The company has been active in fostering markets through online and off-line platforms, enhancing the marketing of scenes and bodies.
The foodseed oils, olive oil “Oliviran” and peanut butter “Hukihua” all showed good market performance, and the company introduced small-scale fine oils to meet the needs of some of the population. On rice, the company’s high-end brands, “The Princess of Daiyu” and “The Fresh Rice” series, continued to be sold. At the same time, the company introduced “Gold Dragonfish” and “Golden Tooths” and “Golden” rice.
Local specialty products, such as lobsters and goldfish, and pearls, such as rice. Flour, company needles, and precision marketing of different applications. High-end products, such as the Golden Dragonfish, a plain snow pollen, and the Golden Dragonfish, Australia, are popular with consumers, and sales are steadily increasing.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals A strong and robust head of business with a high degree of certainty and a “recommended” rating, increased competition in the industry, higher costs, food safety, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Securities of the People. In 2018, he joined the Ministry of Planning.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,