The main industry has a strong edge, and the higher cost of raw materials and the loss of hedging affect short-term profits.
February 23, 2021.
At the income end, the company achieved a total of 1949.20 billion yuan, or +14.2 per cent, in 2020; and the combined q4 quarter projected current revenues of 54.929 billion yuan, or +20. Overall, despite the impact of the new crown epidemic, the company’s operations have taken advantage of the existing market niche to adapt their outreach strategies in a timely manner to maintain steady growth at the revenue end.
In the kitchen food sector, companies rely on existing brand operations and channels for cooking oil, and continue to expand marketing, selling networks, and enhancing marketing. At the same time, companies increase their push for products such as rice, flour, vinegar, soy sauce, etc.
During the epidemic, companies responded to temporary changes in downstream consumption habits, increased the promotion of small packaging products for household consumption and products for customers of the food industry, and effectively compensated for the loss of income from catering channels.
In terms of feed raw materials and fat technology, the negative effects of the African pigpest in 2020 have gradually subsided, domestic stocks of live pigs have recovered steadily, and demand for downstream feed has recovered rapidly. As a result, demand for company feed materials has recovered markedly.
Sioux, the sales, revenues, profits of the feed raw material business have continued to grow. Profit growth has been lower than income growth, rising raw materials prices and short-term losses have been the main causes.
A single-quarter net return of 911 million yuan, or 52.53 per cent, was achieved. Overall, companies maintained a year-round operating profit of s01051901004.
The main reasons for the sharp decline in the year-on-year profit of q4 operations were: (1) a significant increase in the price of raw materials such as soybeans, which contributed to the low Māori rate; and (2) the fact that company derivative positions based on hedging have not yet been levelled and that performance based on year-end market values is expected to be gradually reversed with spot sales.
In addition, the net profit growth rate of the parent company was lower than that of the operating profit, mainly due to: (i) the impact of the differential subsidiary tax rates, with some high-tax companies earning higher profits and low-tax companies losing lower-tax companies; and (ii) the spread of ps and weighted average net asset returns resulting from the increase in equity and capital pool, which were first publicly released in October 2020.
The industry has a strong headline, and the fund-raising project has increased productive capacity for long-term development \triangleright Golden Dragonfish (300999), three-quarter reporting points in 2020
The company, which is currently the head of the food and oil industry, has a well-developed product matrix and a rich brand matrix, and under the banner: o3 income growth is steady, investment returns are low, multiple products have the first share of the market in modern channels and are expected to continue to benefit from rising consumption and market concentration in the future.
The company has now become a global purchaser and has established a stable supply channel; has an industry-led production capacity (300999) depth report: scale of capacity; well-established direct marketing + distribution model has been established to cover retail, catering, and industrial channels.
The project is intended to expand capacity and reduce the pressure on production during peak marketing periods.
Increased competition in the industry, higher-than-anticipated costs, data projections on corporate financial statements such as food safety issues, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Securities of the People. In 2018, he joined the Ministry of Planning.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,