The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies is up to expectations, looking at the ability to sustain integration, the pick-up at the end of the harvest is robust, and the product structure is optimized.
+11.42%/18.93% for raw materials/feeds and fats, respectively. We believe that the base figure is relatively low in 2019; 2) kitchen food as a consumer product of choice, less affected by the epidemic; 3) pig farming recovery, leading to an increase in demand for raw feed materials. The company’s Māori ratio rose by 0.93 ptt to 0.53 ptt.
12.33% of kitchen products/feed raw materials and fat technology, respectively, plus 0.36/1.98pc. We believe that it is mainly 1) the company has increased its promotion of the high-end series of kitchen products by introducing high-end high-quality products such as “zero transfats” and rice oil: 2) the demand for kitchen products has shifted to end-of-end c as a result of the epidemic
At the end, c end product Māori rates are higher; 3) pig cycle leads to higher prices for upstream feed raw materials sales. Cost falls slightly, tax rates rise, hedge losses affect profits throughout the year.
But income tax rates rose by 6.6 pct to 26.6%, as well as losses of $1.26 billion in hedged products due to the rise in raw materials, which affected the company’s profit-end growth. The downturn in production distribution and channels continues to increase, looking at the company’s integration advantages in the field of kitchen food.
The company ' s capacity increased by 12.6 per cent in 2020, with several production bases still under construction; the number of distributors increased; and the market share in the field of packaging oil and rice continued to be consolidated: in addition, the company was gradually moving into a more maori-rather-high taste-rate domain, where synergies were expected to lead to a certain market position.
Liu Xing Qi, Price volatility of raw materials; increased competition in industry; food safety issues; and risk of financial derivatives trading.