Intranet growth is stable, and the layout can create a second-growth curve. The Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre ' s Q2 profit ring has improved, looking at the recovery of profit from scale effects. 2022h1, the cost of the company ' s period.
Good control, 1.5 pp over the same year, but influenced by increases in raw materials prices and freight costs, net interest rates show a steady decline: net interest rates for gis/breakers and segregate switch/sympathizer operations drop by the same time, respectively, and investment of about $150 billion in four-way, about $11 billion in five-way, ultra-high-pressure projects, etc.
On the industry side, electricity transmission and distribution equipment in developed regions such as Europe, North America, etc. in overseas markets is running for long periods of time, and there is a high demand for replacements; in South-East Asia, Africa, etc.
On the corporate side, in 2021, the company's overseas market added $2.25 billion, an increase of 50 per cent. By the end of 2021, the company was still in the project implementation phase of 31 epc packages. The overseas transmission and distribution market was vast, the company was full of orders, the sea was full.
In November 2021, according to a company announcement, the company increased its share share of 50 million yuan to its controlled subsidiary, Jiangsuth Battery Technology, with 70 per cent after the replenishment;
In February 2022, a fully-funded subsidiary, Jiangsuth Energy Technologies, was set up with a capital of $1 billion to scale up the operation of storage equipment such as batteries, lithium batteries, and to seize opportunities for the development of the new energy industry. Billion dollars, $14.1 billion, will maintain a 19.8% compound growth rate over the next three years.
The medium- and long-term performance is expected to be fully realized by expanding storage capacity and vertically seizing opportunities in overseas transmission and distribution markets; progress and the risk of falling short of expectations; the risk of higher upstream raw material prices; exchange rate fluctuations affecting public 1 power grid transmission and distribution leading firms; and product line layouts across the board
The company has been focusing on the transmission and distribution industry since its inception, mainly on the development, production, marketing and servicing of transmission and distribution equipment. At the same time, the company has been actively developing automobile electronics, low-voltage lithium, new power sources, storage, static power grids.
To reduce the risk of a single product, the company has successively developed and produced products such as condensed coils, mutagenic combinations, and other experimental devices, in accordance with the accompanying requirements.
Once on the market, companies invest in power distribution equipment such as sensors, high voltage switches, horizontal expansion of automobiles, orbital transport, and are now one of the few providers of multi-products and solutions such as one-time electrical system, secondary equipment, electrical electronic equipment, and master engineering contracts.
The effective control of the company is Mr. Tse Ping Tung and Mr. Chen Bong Ding, Chairman and General Manager. As of 2022h1, Mr. Tung Tse Ping held 17.2 per cent of the shares directly and was the company ' s first shareholder; Mr. Chen Bong Ding and Mr Tung Tian Ping were the same actors and jointly held 29.7 per cent of the company ' s shares.
The company’s main operations can be divided into four broad categories of products and engineering packages. The product sector, including switches, coils, incompetence and smart equipment, has been widely applied to the company’s core products in a variety of fields, such as grids, power generation, new energy sources, coal, mines, metallurgy, oil, orbital transport, and the engineering package, which is used for conversion.
The Shanghai Thought Source Transmission and Distribution Engineering Company, a station and line epc operation, was established in 2009 to cover Europe, Africa, the Middle East and South-East Asia, with projects covering dozens of countries, including Greece, Jordan and the Philippines.2 Business performance has steadily improved and overseas markets have accelerated.
From 2015 to 2021, corporate revenue grew from $4 billion to $8.7 billion, with a 13.8 per cent compound growth rate, with companies insisting on product research and development, consolidating grid markets and actively expanding overseas markets.
In 2021, the company managed to overcome adverse factors such as the rise in bulk commodity prices, higher freight costs, and higher chip prices, resulting in a 28.3 per cent increase in net return profits on a year-on-year basis; and in the first half of 2022, a small decline in the gross and net interest rates, as a result of the structure of product sales, the rising cost of raw materials and the small decline in the Māori rate, as well as the company ' s future expansion through the design of R & D and its entry into high-end markets.
There has been an improvement in cost control. 2022h1, the company sales rate was 3.8%, a decline of 0.3 pp in the same year; the management rate was 8%, a decrease of 0.2 pp in the same year. The financial cost rate was -0.8%, a decrease of 0.9 pp in the same year, due to changes in the exchange rate.
Investments amounted to $19.5 billion, a 9.9 per cent increase over the previous five years. During the “14th Five-Year” period, the national electricity grid and the southern grid planned to invest $350 billion, $670 billion, respectively, in the construction of the grid, which together amounted to more than 2.9 trillion yuan, and, given the existence of other grid companies, was expected to invest nearly 3 trillion yuan.
By the first half of 2022, the total capacity of wind and electrical units had risen from 130.8gw to 328.5gw, with 16.6 per cent cagr; the total capacity of light and voltage units had increased from 42.2gw to 306.6gw, with 39.2 per cent Cagr reaching 27.8 per cent of the total capacity of power generators.
Electricity and light-voltage machines amounted to 380 million kW and 410 million kW, respectively, benefiting from the high side of the grid, and the increase in the speed of the Gis product. The company switch product collection rose from $1.31 billion in 2015 to $4.02 billion in 2021, and the cagr to 20.5%, with rapid growth.
Small, high-reliability advantages, and higher income growth. In 2007, the company invested in the Shanghai Xuan high-pressure switch, based on the Gis Department of High-pressure Limited. At present, the company can produce 72.5kv-550kv high-pressure and super-pressure gis through autonomous research and development. In 2022, the new Jiangsuth high-pressure plant was officially launched, and the Shanghai epidemic became operational.
During this period, the production and delivery of Gis products were supported; with the release of energy, new energy generation will be further expanded in the future, and industries will benefit from an increase in the share of new energy installed on the side of electricity generation and an increase in the rate of industrial electrification, and svg is expected to create new profitable growth points. The company’s incompensation product collection rose from $840 million in 2015 to $1.14 billion in 2021, with cagr being
5.2%, maintaining a steady growth trend. The main products of the company’s controlling subsidiary, Qingse Electric and Electronics Ltd., include chain motion incompetence compensation and harmonic management devices (svg), low pressure dynamic incompetence compensation (svg, tsvg).
New energy generation: As industry norms generally require that non-power devices be installed in proportion to the capacity of new energy sources, market demand for svg will increase with wind-loading. In industry, the Action Plan for Industrial Energy Efficiency Improvement clearly states that by 2025, the share of electricity in industrial end-use energy consumption will be around 30%, and industrial electrification will be expected to increase.
In 2021, the company collected $1.37 billion abroad, an increase of 14.3 per cent: an additional $2.25 billion overseas, a 50 per cent increase over the same period. In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the company lost 11.7 per cent of its revenue abroad, and now has subsidiaries or participation in more than 10 countries and regions, including Brazil, Mexico, Russia and others.
Stock companies, transformer products in overseas markets have made a breakthrough of “0-1” and the market share will increase further in the future as new permanent state transformer plants become operational. In addition, the epc operation has covered dozens of countries in Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Central Asia, South-East Asia, including Greece, Jordan, the Philippines, etc., and the scope of the project covers power level 33kv-400kv transformer stations and power level 33kv-400kv.
Assumption 1: company switches and related products are the core business of the company, benefiting from accelerated investment in the grid in the “double carbon” context, sequestering switches and circuit breakers will achieve steady growth; primary equipment gis will receive a winning share as the range of pressure levels of the product expands.
Assumption 2: Accompaniment of sensors, resistors and related products in the company coils and related products, with limited space to increase their share, is expected to grow steadily; transformer products are expected to grow more rapidly, with the company transformer market share projected for 2022-2024, as the permanent state transformer plant becomes operational and capacity is released and the overseas market is further expanded
Assumption 3: the company ' s unrelated compensation category and related products are dominated by capacitors, svg, and the product layout is increased by 0.5 per cent per year in the market share of the company ' s svg products during the year of new energy generation and industry.
(b) The ongoing consolidation of the grid market and the active expansion of overseas markets, while increasing research and development investment in new business such as auto-electronics, access to high-end markets, sustained outreach to high-quality customers, and the consolidation of industry niches, with a promise of sustained expansion in the scale of operations.
2) the risk of less than anticipated product development; 3) the risk of less than expected progress and expansion of the overseas epc project; 4) the risk of higher upstream prices of raw materials;
(5) The risk of exchange rate fluctuations affecting the company's performance abroad has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.