Performance exceeded expectations, overseas operations, technological innovation unleashed momentum 31st of July 2025 Performance is bright and profitability is stable. q2 performance rings are growing significantly and profitability is sustained
In the first half of the year, the company produced 310 gwh. In combination with the data on q1 shipments exceeding 120 gwh, the company's q2 shipments are expected to be close to 150 gwh, and the ring ratio continues to grow. In terms of profitability, we have a gross rate of 22.41% for power cell systems in the first half of the year and a gross rate for storage battery systems.
25.52 per cent, with a 1.11 percentage point increase over the same period in the Māori rate for storage and energy operations, and a high level of profitability, Deng Young-kang's overseas business performance has been strong and has become an important engine of growth.
At $61,208 million, a 21.14 per cent increase in the same year, the Māori rate was as high as 29.02 per cent, significantly higher than the 38.1 per cent global market for company power cells from January to May in the country. At the same time, the company continued to be in the lead.
Emerging markets such as East Australia and Australia have succeeded in obtaining orders for large-scale storage energy projects, especially in a high-growth environment such as the one-data centre, where companies have gained client preferences with high-security, long-lived storage energy products, and globalization has gained advantages.
Technological innovation leads the way, and the product matrix continues to be rich. Companies insist on high-intensity R & D inputs, and the second generation of God's supercharged batteries were released in the reporting period.
In the field of storage energy, the public sector delivers 587ah large-volume storage energy-specific cores and publishes the world’s first-ever production of 9 mwh.
In addition, the company ' s 2024 annual report (300,750.sz) reviews: the whole product plate is the first to pass the new national standard gb 38031-2025 test, with high standards of safety recognized authoritatively.
3. The annual performance of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) in 2024 Accelerating the construction of electricity eco-economy and opening up a new growth curve. During the reporting period, the company made a full forecast of the power switching area.
The company agreed on a strategic partnership with China's petrochemicals to build no less than 500 power exchange stations in 2025, extending its long-term goal to 10,000, and working together to build an efficient and easy national network of complementary energy. Meanwhile, the company's 4.
Deepening strategic cooperation with the U.S., sharing power switching networks, and promoting harmonization of switching technology standards. Through extensive collaboration with downstream partners in the industrial chain, the company is accelerating the construction of an open, win-win switch ecology, with the promise of a new business.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.