During the Ningde era (300,750.sz) the company won $178.890 billion, compared to +7.27 per cent, and the mother ' s net gain was $30.490 billion.
According to the China Air Association and the Union of Power Battery Industries, 25h1 domestic sales of 6.94 million new energy vehicles increased by 40.3 per cent, and 659gwhh domestic sales of lithium batteries increased by 63.3 per cent.
Monthly global/European/Asian (except China) share of new energy vehicle sales +32/+28/+45%, corporate competition highlights the continuous rise of overseas cities to 30%, with Europe making a significant contribution.
The city accounted for the largest share of the world. The 25q2 company delivered nearly 150gwhh, with a relatively stable dynamic storage structure, and a higher innovation in the storage of non-net interest rates. q2 industry chain prices fell slowly, adding to changes in accounting policies, while output utilization climbed to 90% in the first half of the year, with a slight decline in the same ratio as in the previous period, but a marked improvement in the ring ratio.
The significant increase in the income tax rate for the same period is mainly due to a reduction in the deductions and a delay in the treatment of deferred income taxes. The net interest rate for corporate parent/deductor returns has improved significantly, rather than the 16.32% net interest rate for non-net interest after a fall in income.
Cash flows continue to grow and expand at an accelerated pace. The company ' s q2 operating net cash flows of $25.8 billion are strong. Cash flows support companies actively expand their operations: the company expects to build no less than 500 power-exchange stations in 2025, with a long-term target of 10,000; and projects such as the era of technological change, the expansion of the Shandong era and the East Camp era are accelerating.
Investment proposals: The corporate product matrix is comprehensive, the solid battery technology is ahead of the curve, power switching drives, and the company itself is committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional approach, clearly and accurately reflecting its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In August 2022, Galactic securities were added to the list of candidates for the " Asian currency " , " New wealth " , " Crystalball " , where the Asian currency selected the new energy sector, which is just as well as the Beijing University. They were used for web-facilitating and byte swings. This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter " Galactic Securities " ).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.