The mid-2025 performance rating in the Ningde era: continued global city leadership, innovation matrix upgrading
Global city power continued to be a leader, and battery production grew steadily. Corporate global market share continued to be a leader in the first half of 2025. According to sneresearch data, global electricity use by companies from January to May 2025 was 38.1%, up 0.6 percentage points from the same period last year, and continued to be maintained.
In the field of storage energy, the company’s energy battery production was the world’s highest in January-June 2025. By the end of the reporting period, the company had achieved a global build-up of about 20 million power cells and a global cumulative application of more than 2,000 projects.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate was 25.58% and the profitability remained robust. The company continued to launch innovative products, and the product matrix was enriched, and it was expected to consolidate and enhance profitability: (a) in the use of vehicles, the second generation of God's Supercharged Battery was released, which was the world's first and peak of 800 km.
phosphate lithium batteries; introduction of remote dual-nuclear cells with a combination of dual-nuclear structures and self-generated negative polar depths to create a completely new design for a trans-chemical system; release of sodium-based new vehicle-powered batteries with excellent total equity/flow (billion shares)
Low temperatures and high safety can effectively reduce the dependence on lithium resources. 2) In the commercial car sector, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) introduces the Quantian bottom plate commercial car eco-solution for efficient logistics scenarios. 3) In the energy field, there is a need to improve the environment.
A maximum/minimum price within 12 months The company announces the delivery of 587ah large capacity storage dedicated cores and issues the 9mwh super-capacity storage system solution for global first-volume production.
The battery system produces 345gwh, with 235gwh building capacity. The company is steadily moving forward with global capacity building < < three-quarters of the 2024 ' Ningde era > : to meet customer demand for orders. On the domestic front, the Chinese base, Jinning base, Fu Dingji.
The Māori ring ratio has increased significantly, with significant impairments and other constructions: overseas, the Hungarian factory has steadily advanced, and stellentis has increased future elasticity >--2024-10-24
In addition, during the reporting period, the company reported on its performance in the semi-annual report of 2024 < < Ningde Age > : successful listing on the Hong Kong Union Board of Directors, with the establishment of an international capital platform that will help to further integrate into the world. ]
The Lithium Power King has accelerated the reverse expansion, new markets and new global capital markets, and has accelerated the strategic deployment of globalization. Investment proposals: taking into account the company’s global leadership in power cells, storage batteries, and
The 2023th edition of the Ningde era: Profitability, expanded access to post-market finance, expanded capacity and accelerated technology, we raised profit forecasts, we kept strong, and the global city share is expected to increase further.
The mid-2025 performance rating was reported in the Ningde era: global city occupancy continues to be a leader, innovation matrix is upgraded, Pacific Securities Inc.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report