The industry view this week is that oil prices have continued to rise and the garment industry chain has been on the rise since the second half of 2017, when international crude oil prices entered the boom zone, and on 17 May 2018, Brent's crude oil futures prices were once over $80 per barrel.
Against a backdrop of rising oil prices and high performance, global oil extraction companies have significantly improved their profitability, capital spending has increased significantly, and chains of garment industries are approaching a booming cycle. Currently, the chain of oil uniforms, which are dominated by orders from companies listed on the market, is more certain of their performance, and is expected to grow significantly compared with the previous industry. It is recommended that attention be paid to Jerry's shares (cobalt well completion, oil and gas extraction, oil field construction), Gangtaip (food exploration, oil and gas exploitation), open-source oil (cobalt well completion, record-taking wells), middle-sea oil uniforms (food exploration, cobalt well completion, oil exploration).
In the course of the current period, luminous light power has been placed on board.
China PV (002179.sz) 1; harvests in the first half of 2018; net profits are rising steadily. On 27 July 2018, China PV released its performance report, which was achieved by companies during the reporting period.
Gross operating income of 3,585 million yuan, an increase of 18.20 per cent over the same period in the previous year, net profits earned by the company and attributable to shareholders in listed companies, respectively Market hot spots, deep-seated industries, pursuits, as a result of changes in the structure of the company's products and the fact that new products developed and developed during the reporting period have not yet been produced in some areas, resulting in a lower rate of profit growth than income growth
In 2018, the military reform process was gradually overtaken by the bidding process, and the military-industrial market was further opened; the new arms-equipment replacement period was only 1 to 2 stocks.
Speeding up, market demand accumulated in the previous period will be effectively released; the country’s new energy auto industry continues to flourish; the area of communications transitions to 5g will be followed up and justified if equity changes are proposed. Prior period; urban orbital transport construction will be accompanied by a sustained acceleration in the urbanization process; the pace of nationalization of key components will continue to increase; and the pace of connectivity will continue to increase.
Industry has continued to increase market concentration in technological progress; PV in China has continued to advance the strategy of “skinning, integrating resources, and making core business the best we can for the next three months, and I am the best resource allocation.” Based on these positive factors, we believe that the company’s performance is expected to grow well throughout 2018.
They believe that these stock trends will significantly outpace the market, and that the establishment of Sindha Securities Inc. will give a total of 266.1 million restricted shares to high-school managers, core technicians and subsidiary executives and core cadres of companies.
Incentives are two years off, three years off, and a rate of one third per year.
The net asset returns of not less than 13% in the year prior to the release date, the combined growth rates of the first three years were no less than 15%, the profits of the previous year were no less than those of the core members, the benefits were tied, and the firm’s employees’ confidence in the future development of PV in China was also highlighted.
Studies on: smooth growth in performance and sustained increases in the level of net interest rates. 2018.03.19; Reservation of steady growth and good progress in product development, published in leading European-American journals such as Journaloportfoliomanement, Journaloftrade, Research Assistant. Master of International Trade, People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and Machinery, University of Dalian Science. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for research in the mechanical engineering industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.