Revenue recognition has improved significantly, and profits are expected to increase at a faster rate than in the semi-annual performance report for China Photovoltaics (002179), with net profits of $465 million, an increase of 5.38 per cent and eps of $0.59.
1. Income recognition has improved significantly and net profits have increased at a slower rate than revenue: 3,585 million yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 18.20 per cent in the same year and 465 million yuan in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 5.38 per cent in the same year.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies is $298 million, a 15.55 per cent increase in single-season rates. The growth in corporate revenue in the first quarter of the second quarter of the year was significant, showing an acceleration in revenue recognition from downstream customers, while the overall net profit growth in the first half of the year was slower than the growth rate, and we believe that the two main reasons for this are, on the one hand, the changes in product structure and the fact that new products developed and developed have not yet been approved in some areas (the lower Māori rate of revenue from business activity has increased faster than military goods).
Given that the growth of military orders and revenue recognition generally began to accelerate in the second half of the year, we believe that the net profit growth of companies is likely to improve over the next three years. 2. The outlook for military goods is expected to increase over the next three years, with a lower risk of lower prices for new products:
We believe that, in conjunction with the implementation of the compensatory orders and the expansion of the incremental orders for the three years after 13:15, contracts and revenues are expected to remain stable and increase faster in 2018. According to our grass-roots studies, the effects of military restructuring on the sub-industry are different, and the main station equipment is less affected by military changes. We note that the sub-industry of aviation, ships, weapons and the like continued to grow in 2018, while the electronics industry or its presence is more numerous.
At the same time, we believe that companies are more innovative in terms of military goods, that new products with exclusive supply rights (single value added and higher gross interest rates) are relatively high, and that future levels of downstream production Māori are expected to remain high.
The company was involved in the new energy business earlier and has expanded rapidly to more than 600 million since 2013 and now has a commercial bicycle value of about 2-3 times that of a passenger vehicle, although in 2017 the number of commercial vehicles contracted considerably across the industry and the use of vehicles grew faster. The company’s main advantage is that the cable components and integrated products, other than the connectors, are relatively large, with a relatively high ratio of Māori.
Over 70%. In our judgement, the company ' s future strategy for new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to an integrated equipment vendor, with a vehicle penetration into the mainstream of the Eastern financial boom, to respond positively to the downside of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2017, and to consolidate and upgrade the basis of existing market occupancy rates.
On top of that, there was a major breakthrough in the market for smart Internet cars, logistics cars. \triangleright harvests showed that export operations in 2017 generated $490 million, a 59.78% increase, and the percentage of revenues increased by 247.
The company ' s communications operations peaked in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations and remained in the field of communications in 2018 prior to the transition from 4g to 5g, with a relatively smooth increase expected in 2018. For 5g, the company ' s communications connectors are mainly used for wireless distribution of base stations and data centre equipment, with customers mainly serving as core suppliers to the country ' s communications base, such as Nakhing and Hwa.
A supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions for the 56gbps high-speed connector and a national support fund of $46.2 million, the company is expected to achieve the capacity to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps as the project materializes. We believe that rapid advances in communications technology will release some stock demand for the communications connection market, as well as for the maintenance and maintenance of existing equipment.
17x, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating. The air force’s equipment is not as fast as expected; and the public goods market is less than expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.