The industry view this week is that oil prices have continued to rise and the garment industry chain has been on the rise since the second half of 2017, when international crude oil prices entered the boom zone, and on 17 May 2018, Brent's crude oil futures prices were once over $80 per barrel.
Against the backdrop of rising oil prices and high levels of operation, global oil-mining companies have improved their profitability significantly, capital spending has increased significantly, and the chain of garments is on the verge of a booming cycle. Currently, the main listed companies in the oil chain are fully booked, with a high level of certainty of performance, which is expected to grow significantly compared to the previous lows in the industry. It is recommended that attention be paid to Jerry’s shares (cobalt well completion, oil and gas extraction, oil field construction), Gangtaip (food exploration, oil and gas exploitation), oil from the source (cobalt well completion, recording wells), marine oil clothing (food exploration, cobalt completion, cobalt wells) and marine oil from the centre.
In the course of the current period, luminous light power has been placed on board.
China PV (00217.sz) 1 and 2017 grew steadily and positive factors continued to build up, looking forward to the company ' s development in 2018. In 2017, China PV became operational.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and pursuits are mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate of the product and the same increase in the off-the-shelf earnings. It is interesting to note that in four of the company’s business plates, cable components and collections, the industry’s tops are selected for each.
The growth in revenue from product operations reached 44.57%, and the Māori rate also increased significantly, reflecting a profit-making period of one to two stocks in the course of the company’s integration process. The weekly update was followed by an increase in the proposed stock level. In 2018, the military-industrial market became more open to bidding, and a new round of weapons was opened up.
Change, followed by a follow-up evaluation, with reasons given if stock changes are proposed. Up-dating the pace will effectively release the market demand accumulated in the previous period; the country’s new energy auto industry continues to flourish; the communications sector is entering the pre-transition period to 5g; urban orbital transport construction is accompanied by a sustained acceleration in the urbanization process; and the pace of nationalization of key components is increasing;
For the next three months, we're looking forward to a sustained increase in market concentration in the connector industry as a result of technological advances; the Chinese light power continues to push "Light body, pool resources, make the core industry think that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, build it.
On the basis of these positive factors, we believe that the company’s performance for the entire year 2018 is expected to continue to grow well. Sindha Stock Inc., 2 implementing equity incentives, and performance targets are clear. On January 18, 2017, China’s PV Review adopted the first long-term incentive scheme for restricted stocks.
cindasecuritiesco.ltd was allocated to a total of 266 000 restricted shares of high-school managers, core technicians and subsidiary managers and core cadres, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The net asset returns of not less than 13% in the year prior to the release date, the combined growth rates of the first three years were no less than 15%, the profits of the previous year were no less than those of the core members, the benefits were tied, and the firm’s employees’ confidence in the future development of PV in China was also highlighted.
Studies on: smooth growth in performance and sustained increases in the level of net interest rates. 2018.03.19; Reservation of steady growth and good progress in product development, published in leading European-American journals such as Journaloportfoliomanement, Journaloftrade, Research Assistant. Master of International Trade, People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and Machinery, University of Dalian Science. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for research in the mechanical engineering industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.