Report 3 of the China PV Series: The international giant in the field of military connections, the assessment of the PV (002179).
China PV has been the dominant type that our team has focused on and closely tracked, and the company's relative returns have been significant since this year, and we predict that China PV is the country's largest military-industrial defense and supplier of technology solutions for interconnection in high-end manufacturing, that the company's military goods cover almost all fields of military-industrial activity, that the military market is highly dominated, that the company has access to connections such as light, electricity, fluids, radio frequency, etc. The current status of the military connection market will be reported in this report.
First, the U.S. is absolutely dominated by military connectors, and China ranks fifth in the world. Military connectors are the basic components that make up a complete weapon-equipment system and are a special and sensitive type of connection compared to commercial connections.
The military industry traditionally uses connections consisting mainly of circulars, rectangulars, printed circuit boards, rf, and a small number of special connectors. In downstream applications, military connectors account for 6% of the entire connector industry, ranking in cars (22.2%), telecommunications and data communications (20.4%),
The US defense industry has produced 75% of the world’s military electronics, and the US total demand for military electrical connectors has reached 50%. Meanwhile, China’s market is expanding rapidly, with China’s average annual sales of $4,725 billion in PV in 2015, accounting for 4% of the world’s fifth largest.
This is because, by 2020, the US army has almost completed the transformation of its military informatization: reconnaissance aircraft, missiles, and smart bombs are the main factors behind the continued growth of the connectors. The US high-tech wars in Kosovo and Iraq are underpinned by a large number of new, intelligent, high-performance weapons, new types of military equipment and facilities that necessarily impose new or higher requirements for the performance of the various components that accompany them, including the connectors.
Figure 1: The area of downstream applications of connectors (%)
The country's military connection market has grown rapidly as military information has increased. The domestic market needs high-end electrical connectors as the country's support for the high-technology industries, such as aviation, sky, information, and transport, increased during the Twelfth Five-Year Plan.
According to the China Industrial Information Network, China’s spending on defence informatization will increase to 251.3 billion yuan in 2025, with annual compound growth figure 3: China’s share of defence equipment costs and defence informatization in 2017-2025. Rapid modernization and informationization of the army will result in rapid growth in the demand for new equipment, leading to a rapid expansion of the market for military connectors.
The size of the market for military connectors will be $12.4 billion.
The company's military connectors are so diverse and widely used, and they are used extensively in such areas as weapons preparation, weapons systems, and aerospace. A modern sniper currently uses a cable length of 5-10 km, with one set of about 800-1000 electrical connectors, while a large transport cable has a total length of 250 km, and a full complement of electric connectors.
The company has the highest rate of 70-80% in the aviation sector; the space industry has its share of space appliances, which is 40-50% in the ship sector. The company currently has a market of more than 60% in the connector sector, compared to space appliance, Walter technology, Hofong.
In the future, the company will benefit fully from the rapid development of national defence information. The source of financial prosperity in the East, where space appliances are second only to China’s military market, and the products of space appliances cover all sub-sectors of the military industry, and they are in the air.
Both do, but PV in China does not act as an on-board connector. Most of the products of PV in China are non-general connectors compared to space appliances, and there are more new products, with a higher rate of Maori. The unique product has a high number of PVs and space appliances are hit by price wars. PV in China has implemented equity incentives, and incentives for sales and research and development personnel are more flexible.
Figure 7: Gross revenue from the operation of PV and space appliances in China (billion yuan) Figure 8: Comparison of financial indicators for PV and PV in mid-2017 III. Application of PV products in China to the latest equipment
The company adheres to a holistic approach to civil-military integration, coordinated development, and dynamic downstream applications. Military operations range from the early air field to space, aviation, electronics, ships, weapons, etc., while the share of civilian goods is increasing.
According to the downstream industry, China’s PV connectors serve mainly the military, communications, and new energy industries, and they all have a clear industrial advantage in the country, with the largest share of military goods, reaching 60%. It is expected that the market will increase as a result of new weapons loadings.
Connectors, which combine fibre-optic, electrical, high-frequency, fluid, digital, etc., have a relatively small share of output. On 7 December 2017, the company developed a series of j599e8 environmentally durable connectors and a high-speed high-density 1/0 connection to 10 gbps successfully passed through the Ministry.
The company connector has been applied to the new air force equipment of 6919, Dynamite 20, Transport 20, and the major destroyer and national carrier, and has been gradually upgraded from a simple connector to a system-grade product.
Figure 9: Disaggregated share of the Chinese PV downstream industry Figure 10: j599e8 series of environmentally resistant circular beam connectors, as the absolute leader of the military connector industry, which would benefit from the good market prospects of the military connector market and its own expertise in one area
The report is a series of three reports on PV in China, and the follow-up report will provide an in-depth analysis of the company’s future industrial competition from the perspective of the future applications of new industries; military orders are not as high as expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.