China PV (002179), F-FDTL has improved the ring ratio significantly in the second quarter, and looks forward to an increase in performance throughout the year.
Events: The company ' s semi-annual performance report for 2018, the company ' s military holdings continued to grow steadily during the January-June 2018 period, with communications on civilian goods, new energy vehicles, rapid international market release; changes in the company ' s product structure and new products developed and developed were partially dominated
The second quarter of the round has improved significantly, looking at year-round performance growth. According to the company’s semi-annual performance report, the company achieved operating income of $2.108 billion in the second quarter of this year, compared to the one quarter.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 78.44% over 167 million yuan a quarter, and a significant improvement in the performance ring ratio. Companies, leading military connectors, have fully benefited from the accelerated pace of defence informatization, and military orders are expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year.
The value of integrated products as compared to the connector's single product has been substantially increased, with total equity/flow (billion shares) rising, opening up a wider market space for companies.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) and the arrival of new energy sources and electric cabling have become industrial projects, and we believe that companies can achieve their business goals of even over $7.1 billion in revenue and grow year-round.
According to the announcement issued on 17 July, the company’s current publicly released a share-transferable company bond application has received a CVM (002179), which reports in depth: civil-military integration.
The applicant's company issued a debt-transferable proposal to raise $1.3 billion, $610 million, a successful model of interlinkage resolution specialists for the new technology industry base project and $340 million for the photovoltaic industry base project (II).
Of this total, the new technology industry base project foresees an estimated 3,661,700 new connectors and component products, with an expected additional sales income of $1,375 million; the photovoltaic industry base project (phase 2) anticipates an estimated 4,578,000 new connectors and component products, with an expected addition
In our view, the fund-raising project is conducive to the transformation of the company’s military technology into civilian technology and to the gradual emergence of new performance growth points. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net profits for the period 2018-2020 to be the same.
The two-quarter rounder has improved significantly, keeping track of year-round performance.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.