On 24 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2018 and its performance forecast for the first three quarters, generating revenue of 3,585 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 18.20 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of 465 million yuan, an increase of 5.37 per cent in the previous three quarters.
The performance has grown steadily, with a consistent expectation of a sustained recovery in the second half of the year. Of this, the optical equipment business performed well, achieving revenues of 739 million yuan, up by 42.93%. The connection service has been warming gradually, increasing revenue by 8.28%. The cable component business has generated revenues of 635 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
19.02%. In terms of the Māori ratio, the company ' s Māori level as a whole has fallen by about 3 percentage points. In a single season, the company achieved income of 2,106 million yuan in the second quarter, resulting in a net gain of $298 million for the mother, an increase of 30.88% and 15.53%, respectively, compared to the previous quarter.
Compared to the 300-degree trend, the growth in energy and communications has continued, and the company ' s performance is expected to pick up in the second half of the year.
\triangleright is the leader of the military industry connector, which earns 55% to 60% of military goods, and downstream in almost all military industries, such as aviation, space, electricity, ships, and weapons.
On June 15, the company received an increasing number of 14 “good collaborators” from the Chinese Electric Section, the military changes affected the elimination of the 13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
\triangleright’s communications business accounts for about half of the income of the public, and its main clients include Hwa, Naking, Samsung, etc. In the first half of the year, the company developed its own Cz80 series of rru maintenance windows for live wire connectors to meet the communications base.
The station’s requirements for transmission power. The three operators have accelerated the layout of 5g, and the 5g timetable has been published successively, all of which are scheduled to be pre-commercial in 2019 and commercial in 2020. Experts predict that the country’s 5g construction investment will reach a point where there will be great scope for future development as the commercialization process accelerates.
The new energy car connector leads, shares the growth dividends of the industry \triangleright is the first connector company in the country to intervene in new energy cars, and downstream customers include Jianghuai, Biadei, Woo-Tung.
According to the Department of State, 85,125.28 million vehicles (010) are in excess of 40% in the next three years. With the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry, the company’s new energy sources are growing faster.
The vehicle business is expected to provide a new profit growth point. Equity incentives are being successfully implemented to enhance the efficiency of the company's operations.
This is an incentive to bind the interests of the company to those of the core workforce, which helps to increase the motivation of the workforce and improve the efficiency of the company’s operations.
Performance meets expectations, industrialization of new business accelerated. III. Prospective earnings and investment recommendations.
The company has been farming for years in connection, and we look forward to its long-term development. The company's sales are expected to expand from 2018 to 2020, with new energy cars operating or going to work.
Summary of forecasts of company financial statements: Chenlong, Head of the Military Industry Group, Doctorate in Military Organization of the Military Academy of Sciences, Master of Military Communication, Defence Science and Technology University, 14 years of military service, former platoon leader, company commander, training officer, research assistant, April 2015 Allies Democratic Securities Institute, in the military industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.