4th of the PV series: Benefiting from the new energy car application scene expansion and the national production of PV 002179 event review
China PV has been the dominant type that our team has focused on and closely tracked, and the company's relative returns have been significant since this year, and we predict that the company's connectors are electronic components connecting two electrons or optical devices, transmitting a telecommunications signal or a light signal, whose effect is to connect, disconnect or convert circuits with electrical/light signals and mechanical forces, which are widely used in cars, communications, aerospace, military equipment, computers, industry, home.
New-energy auto high-voltage circuits impose new requirements on connectors. The electrical voltage in conventional cars is around 14v, with low-voltage connectors, and the new-energy car (electric car) control systems are similar.
Up to 400-600v, the low-voltage connector is unable to meet the requirements and requires the use of high-voltage connectors; the number of high-strength plugs, high temperatures and dramatic vibrations in use impose stricter requirements on the performance of the connectors; and, in order to increase the efficiency of chargers and the power of motors, new-energy vehicles are increasing their currents and voltage, as well as increasing demands on the connections to work voltage and currents.
In the new energy system, high-voltage connectors are widely used to connect the recharge infrastructure (recharge stations and charge posts) with electric vehicles and the interior parts of electric vehicles, with a wide variety of product categories: charge guns connected to vehicles by chargeposts, switch connectors replaced by batteries, and various types of vehicle connections.
A new energy charger system requires a dedicated connection. A new energy vehicle battery can only be used with a direct charge, and a power exchange on the grid needs to be converted through a chargepost. In industry standards, a charger post is a specialized term for a non-car charger, which is used to convert the exchange power in the grid to a specified current, connected to an electric vehicle by cable-connected components and a charge gun.
Power cells provide electrical power. Exchange post output power exchange, power-filled “car charger” in electric cars converts the exchange power to a straight current charge for battery charge. Due to the simplicity of the equipment, a household wall-top charger is usually a communication charger; and a direct charge post converts the power grid to a direct current charge, charged directly to the battery, charged with a high charge power, which can be quickly charged, and a commercial parking lot, a charge station is usually a straight current.
High-pressure wire beams are the neural network of the new energy vehicle high-pressure systems and the high-pressure connectors.
Linked to a high-voltage connection system that connects high-voltage devices and electric car high-voltage tanks (pdu) into high-voltage systems. Powered battery output High-voltage direct currents are distributed by electric vehicle high-voltage distributors and are driven to power and power generators by electrical control reversors or transformers Electrical units, while air conditioning compressors, water heating ptc chargers, wind heating ptc and components are carried out through direct current voltage converters or transformers
The country’s new energy automobile industry has started late, and national standards have been developed in the area of electric car charge. But in the area of new energy automobile beams and connectors, national standards have not yet been introduced, making the quality of the products in this area more variable, allowing larger firms to set their own product standards based on their own company’s production experience, while some small firms tend to choose to take up the market at low prices and the quality of the products is difficult to guarantee.
At present, the country is in the process of large-scale extension of electric cars, with the development and implementation of a uniform standard for high-voltage car beams and connectors that can better contribute to the healthy and orderly development of the industry as a whole. PV China is the leader of the domestic connector, the traditional main industry is the military connector, and the military connector is also dominated by large voltage power streams, in which
In the area of new energy vehicles, companies have had a technological advantage. Since 09, companies have been working together with the country’s new energy manufacturers, and in 2013 their size has expanded rapidly to more than 600 million. In the area of the Technical Committee for Standardization of Machines and Electrical Components for National Electronic Equipment, companies have worked deep for many years and have a well-developed product system, including connectors, cable components, and integrated products, which can provide new energy sources.
Automobile connections provide reliable technological options. In the company’s new energy business, the relatively high rate of Maori cable components and integrated products are larger, or more than 70%. We judge that the company’s future strategy in the area of new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to integrated equipment suppliers, and to penetrate mainstream manufacturers in the use of vehicles, and to deploy smart Internet cars, logistics cars, based on the consolidation and upgrading of existing market occupancy rates.
Figure 2: China PV high-voltage interconnection schemes
The market for a new energy car connector is huge.
New energy cars are growing rapidly in the country. Our oil reserves are insufficient, we consume huge amounts of oil annually, we have 68% external crude oil dependency, and each year more than 70% of the new oil consumption is consumed by new cars, and the promotion of new energy vehicles from the point of view of national energy security is an effective means of reducing oil consumption; from a global perspective, all countries are large enough to reduce dependence on fossil energy sources and reduce carbon emissions.
China’s new energy vehicle industry is growing rapidly, with strong support from national policies. According to the China-China Association of Air and Air Companies, 331,000 new energy vehicles were sold in 2015, a 3.4-fold increase. 507,000 new energy vehicles were sold in 2016, a 53-per-cent increase. In 2016, 517,000 new energy vehicles were produced and 507,000 sold, an increase of 51.7 per cent and 53 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
In 2017, our new energy vehicle production reached 794,000, with 777,000 sales, an increase of 53.8 per cent and 53.3 per cent, respectively, and was the world ' s largest new energy vehicle market for the third consecutive year. According to the target set in the Energy Conservation and New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan (2012-2020), by 2020, our pure electric vehicle and plug-in hybrid vehicle capacity will be 2 million and accumulated.
More than 5 million vehicles, and the average annual combined growth rate of our new energy vehicle sales from 2018 to 2020 (cagr) will be as high as 37%. Figure 4: New energy and gas production, new energy vehicle high-pressure connectors market is wide.
The cost of materials and the requirements for shielding, flame retardation, etc. are higher than the traditional low-voltage connectors and are much higher than the price of the low-voltage connectors, with a total of 593,000 new energy vehicles and 202,000 new energy commercial vehicles, assuming the cost of connection devices in a single vehicle.
The value is $4,000 and the value of the electric commercial car connector is $9,000, net of the value of the traditional connector, and the size of the new energy field high-pressure connector market was approximately 3.4 billion. Based on 37% annual compound growth, the market size of the high-pressure connector is about $8.73 billion by 2020 in the area of new overall energy.
In the area of charging infrastructure, the construction of the charger posts in China is far from keeping pace, and the market for high-voltage connectors is on a significant scale. According to data released by the China Union for the Promotion of Recharged Motors, in 2017, the members of the Union reported a cumulative number of 213903 public chargers, and 72,649 new public chargers throughout the year, at a growth rate of 51%.
(2015-2020) By 2020, 12,000 centralized power-filling stations will have been built, with 4.8 million distributed power posts, to meet the country ' s demand for 5 million electric vehicles. The grids have been built far from the target and are likely to grow faster, with each set of charge guns valued at around $1,000, based on 1.5 charge guns per charge-barrel, and by 2020 the stock size will be 7.5 billion and the market size will be significant.
Afino Profile: Founded in 1932, with headquarters in Connecticut, United States, over 80 years of development has become one of the world’s largest connector manufacturers in 2017 with sales of more than $7 billion.
Provision of connectivity solutions and interconnected products for industries, with key areas of operation covering aviation, military, automobile, railway and other traffic and tecko profiles: Teconnectivity Ltd., established in 1941, is now the world ' s largest supplier of connectors, designing, manufacturing and selling all sectors of automobiles, communications, consumer electronics, aerospace, military-industrial vessels, medical, energy and lighting.
Te combines its extensive experience in automobiles and high-pressure industries to create safe, reliable and efficient solutions for hybrids and pure electric vehicles. Te provides a set of connectors, relays, beams, contactors, and switches that can safely connect and protect hybrids.
Data on the perimeter of powerful or pure electric vehicles and high-pressure transmission of electricity. Hydrologicals: Zhejiang Young-Gyu Electric Co. Ltd., founded in 1973 and headquartered at Zhejiang Tower, is a national high-technology enterprise focused on the development, manufacture, marketing and technical support of various types of electrical connectors, connector components and sophisticated smart products, Camp 2017.
The company initially focused on the field of orbital transport. In recent years, new energy and communication connectors have developed rapidly, becoming the main business in parallel with orbital transport connectors, creating a business pattern driven by the combined forces of the four main blocks of “orbit transport, new energy, military industry, communications.” In the area of new energy, companies can provide charging interfaces and high-pressure connectors of various types.
Unlike the low voltage environment in traditional cars and consumer electronics, the new energy vehicle is a big voltage current environment, and the company's traditional dominant business is that of the company.
Military connectors, military connectors, are also dominated by big voltage currents, and companies have had a technological pre-emptive advantage. Since 09, companies have been working in depth with new energy manufacturers in the country, and have been involved in the drafting of charging standards for new energy cars, rapidly expanding to more than 600 million in 2013.
But the company’s advantage over other new energy connector manufacturers is that the cable components and integrated products, other than the connectors, account for a relatively high ratio of Māori to more than 70%. We judge that the company’s future strategy with regard to new energy vehicles is to continue the process of integration with equipment suppliers, while penetration with mainstream manufacturers in the use of vehicles, actively addressing the impact of the fallback of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2017.
Building on the consolidation and upgrading of existing market occupancy rates, major breakthroughs have been made in the deployment of smart Internet cars, logistics car markets.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.