The revenue recognition improved significantly, with profits released seasonally - the semi-annual assessment of the mid-flight photovoltaic (002179), the revenue recognition improved significantly and the profits released in the second half of the year.
In the first half of 2018, the company achieved a revenue of 3,585 million yuan, an increase of 18.20 per cent, and a net profit of 465 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 5.38 per cent. In the second quarter, the company achieved a revenue of 2,208 million yuan, an increase of 30.87 per cent, and in the second quarter, a net profit of 298 million yuan for shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 15.55 per cent in the same quarter.
Lower-stream customer revenue recognition accelerates, while the overall net profit growth in the first half of the year is slower than the recovery rate, and we believe that the main reasons are two, first, that product structural changes and new products developed and developed have not yet been approved in some areas. We judge that the lower Māori rate in the first half of the year grew faster than military goods, while most of the increase in revenue came from the contribution of civilian goods; and second, that the cost of management increased faster during the period.
In view of the growth in military orders and revenue recognition, which generally began to accelerate in the second half of the year, we believe that there is a greater chance that net profit growth in companies will improve on a seasonal basis in the future. At the same time, in the second half of the year, we believe that, in conjunction with the implementation of compensatory orders and the build-up of incremental orders in the three years after 13 and 5, contracts and revenues are still expected to remain flat in 2018.
According to our grass-roots research on the effects of military restructuring on the sub-industry and its effects on the sub-sector, the main station equipment is less affected by the sub-sector. We see that the aviation, ship, weapons, etc., continued to grow in 2018, while the electronics industry may have more compensating orders. At the same time, we believe that companies are more genetically innovative in terms of military goods, with new products with exclusive supply rights (one-size value added and gross).
With higher interest rates, Māori is expected to remain high in the future downstream. 3. New-energy cars are moving in cars or are growing considerably.
The company was involved in the new energy business earlier and has expanded rapidly to more than 600 million since 2013 and now has a commercial bicycle value of about 2-3 times that of a passenger vehicle, although in 2017 the number of commercial vehicles contracted considerably across the industry and the use of vehicles grew faster. The company’s main advantage is that the cable components and integrated products, other than the connectors, are relatively large, with a relatively high ratio of Māori.
Over 70%. We judge that the company ' s strategy in the future with regard to new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to integrated equipment providers, to infiltrate mainstream manufacturers in the use of vehicles, to respond positively to the impact of the fall of the 2017 new energy vehicle subsidy policy, to build and upgrade the base of existing market ownership, and to create a major breakthrough in the market for smart Internet cars and logistics.
Companies have deepened their business cooperation with global communications poles, with corporate optical and photovoltaic equipment products growing by 42.93 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in corporate communications, which peaked in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations, which in 2018 were still in the run-up to the transition from 4g to 5g, with a relatively smooth increase expected in 2018.
On the other hand, the company’s communications connectors are used mainly for wireless distribution and data centre equipment, and its clients are the core suppliers of the country’s communications base stations, such as Naking and Hwa. At the same time, the company is the country’s first supplier of high-speed interconnection solutions with 56gbps high-speed connectors, and receives $46.2 million from the National Support Fund, and with the project’s completion, the company is expected to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps high-speed connectors.
We believe that the rapid development of communications technology will lead to the upgrading and replacement of communications equipment and the maintenance and maintenance of existing equipment, which will release some stock demand in the communications connection market, and that the construction peak of 5g is expected to provide new growth space for the development of corporate communications operations.
The air force's equipment is not as fast as expected; the market for civilian goods is less than expected.
The research assistant gives a brief overview of the study's findings.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.