One of the reports in the series on PV in China: the five-point logic of three years doubling -- PV in China (002179). PV in China has been the dominant type that our team has focused on and closely followed. The company's relative returns have been significant since this year.
We would like to sum up the five-point logic that is different from the market: 1. The military-industrial industry is fully covered, and military stability can provide synergizing attributes. A stable foreign-industrial order can provide synergizing attributes to civilian goods: early in Boeing, America, only civilian passenger aircraft, but civilian aircraft have a business cycle.
In the early 1990s, Boeing was quickly laid out in the military industry through a series of mergers and acquisitions and integrations, effectively ensuring the stability of Boeing’s overall business. The company is a scarce enterprise that is fully covered by the domestic military-industrial industry: the military-industrial giants abroad, such as Boeing, cover most of the military-industrial workers.
Industry, such as aviation, space, electronics, etc., while the main players in the country’s different military-industrial industries are the major military-industrial groups, the effect of military restructuring on the different sub-industrial orders is structural, so most military-industrial companies in the country are less risk-resistant. But the military connection to China’s PV covers all sub-sectors such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics, etc., and there is a clear degree of scarcity to withstand the different military-industrial industries.
Table 1: The organizational structure of Boeing Company, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Boeing Civil Aircraft Group, which mainly produces civil transport aircraft, the main products of which are Boeing 707, Boeing 717, 727, 737, 747, 767, 777, 787 series aircraft, providing 100 to more than 500 grades and cargo models
There are tens of thousands of civilian Boeing aircraft operating simultaneously globally. Boeing Links is a mobile information service provider that provides real-time, high-speed two-way interaction for mobile platforms.
Network access functions change how people communicate, communicate, and entertain in the course of their travel. Boeing Links serves three important markets: the civil aircraft users and their passenger markets, the public aircraft market, including private and high-ranking government officials, and the maritime market.
(pda) Access to secure high-speed access, connected to the Internet, personal and corporate e-mail accounts and figure 1: break-down of the revenue structure of Boeing (RMB, billion yuan).
Long-term profitability is positive and stable: in a listed company, few enterprises have been able to sustain five consecutive years of revenue and net profits are increasing, while the annual and net profits of China Photovoltaics have been rising steadily since they were listed (for 11 consecutive years in 2007), and the absolute value of both collection and speed has been impressive.
Long-term roe remains at a high level and is almost no less than 10%: the company has averaged roe (net asset yield) since it was listed, which is extremely scarce in both the military industry and a share.
Figure 3: Roe has been steadily rising since the introduction of China Photovoltaics 3. Focus on major industries, with products constantly upgrading.
\triangleright Coyote marketing and research and development systems promote the continuous upgrading of products. The corporate system is unique in the military industry, although it is itself a State enterprise, but the mechanisms are more like private enterprises, and the management model is more like foreign companies. The comparative advantage of the corporate system is mainly in wolf sales.
Sales and research and development (R & D) systems. The incentives for company sales workers are flexible, and the sales people themselves know both the product and the sales, and have a deep understanding of the company’s product and customer needs.
Since then, the company has taken a step-by-step footprint, moving from industry spoilers to industry leaders, starting with a single universal connector (round, source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom and rectangle), to high-tech products such as current fluid connectors, high-speed backboard connectors, and passing through a single connector system level.
Expanding to increase product value added and customer stickyness, companies are perfectly emulating the development path of the global connector industry, Afino, focusing on one thing, focusing on one thing. All of the company’s business is horizontal and vertical expansion based on the backbone of the connector, not developing dual or new masters as some companies do, focusing on one thing to make the company more aware of the future direction of the industry and of its customers.
Figure 4: Space class gjb599i circular electrical connectors 4. Industry flagship companies, where the winner eats all, will continue. \triangleright
The greatest advantage of industry leaders is the sustainability of income (or orders) and market competitive advantage of products (with a certain price-fixing power), following the market ' s argument that the company ' s current military market is already very high, questioning the limited scope for further increasing the market ' s presence in the future, and we believe that the company ' s prospects for increasing the market ' s presence in the future are two means:
First, it creates new demand by making technology more difficult and systems more integrated. Companies have innovative genes that can create new needs (new markets), such as making products more technologically difficult (resistance from electromagnetic interference, electrical performances than connections on military aircraft abroad), expanding the application scene or promoting products that are more integrated (many types of connectors are integrated on one panel, such as integrated devices).
Second, in the context of military pricing reforms, smaller approximators are annexed. When a military pricing reform is in place, the mainframe plant or supplier at the upstream electronic component level will be priced, while smaller approximators will not be able to reduce their costs due to lack of economies of scale and choice of suppliers.
The company is expected to raise its market share through the annexation of smaller auxiliaries. We believe that the company, as a leading industry company, is still expected to earn excess gains by increasing its market share.
Figure 7: Ssma series of radio frequency and axial connectors The source of financial prosperity in the East 5. The advantage of a single-point civil-military combination is clear, with the potential for sustainable growth offered by a large market for popular goods.
American history tells us that the future direction of military-industrial enterprises is civil-military convergence. For civil-military enterprises, the technical characteristics of the product are the first and the user-specific nature of the product is the second. That is, the business is more focused on the product itself, and as to whether the customer buys it for military or civilian purposes depends entirely on demand. The advantage of civil-military enterprises is that the country ' s investments generate proprietary technology and intellectual property rights from among enterprises.
In contrast to the low voltage environment in conventional cars and consumer electronics, where the new energy vehicles are in high voltage, where the company’s traditional industry is the military connector, and where the military connectors are also dominated by large voltage power streams, companies have a technological pre-eminence.
The company has been working in depth with the country ' s new energy wholes and has been involved in the drafting of charging standards for new energy cars since 09, rapidly expanding to over 600 million in 2013. New energy car connectors are at risk of falling in the future as the market competes.
The Māori rate is relatively high, at or above 70%. We judge that the company’s future strategy for new energy vehicles is to continue the transition to integrated equipment and to penetrate mainstream manufacturers by car, to respond positively to the downside of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2017, and to create and make a major breakthrough in the market for smart Internet cars and logistics, based on the consolidation and upgrading of existing market occupancy rates.
The company ' s communications operations peaked in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations, and the field of communications in 2018 was still in the pre-transition period of 4g to 5g, with a relatively smooth increase expected in 2018. On the 5g side, the company ' s communications connectors were used mainly for wireless distribution base stations and data centre equipment, with customers mainly serving as core suppliers to the country ' s communications base stations, such as Naking and Huayung. The company was also the country ' s first high speed with a 56gbps high-speed connection.
A supplier of interconnection solutions, and a national support fund of $46.2 million, is expected to realize the company’s capacity to produce 10 million high-speed 56gbps connectivity units as the project comes into existence. We believe that rapid advances in communications technology will release some stock demand from the communications connection market, while the construction peak of 5g is expected to provide a new boost to the development of corporate communications.
In the future, companies are expected to expand their applications and scenes in the fields of industry, broadband communications, information technology, and so on, in the light of the global connector giant Afino, while the share of revenues from export products from foreign trade is expected to rise significantly in the future.
Figure 8: The new generation of chargers \triangleright equipment is not as fast as expected; the public goods market is less developed than expected.
This report is one of the series of reports on China’s PV, and in the follow-up report we will examine in depth the future course of the company’s development from the perspective of the international connector giants, the domestic connector giants, and the future of new industry applications.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.