The second quarter saw a significant recovery in performance and the deepening of civil-military integration Events: the mid-2018 report of the China-China photovoltaics was issued recently, with the company achieving a business income of 3,585 million yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 18.20 per cent compared with the previous year; and the transfer to the parent company of the Chinese-based photovoltaics (002179.sz)
The net profit was 465 million yuan, an increase of 5.37 per cent over the same period, resulting in net profit attributable to the parent company of 456 million yuan, an increase of 11.14 per cent over the same period; the corresponding figure was 0.59 dollars. The performance of the second quarter of 2018 recovered significantly and the company grew throughout 2018.
Rapid growth, a steady growth in the defence market, and the company ' s operating income of 3,585 million yuan, an increase of 18.20 per cent over the same period. Realising net profits attributable to parent companies was $465 million, an increase of 5.37 per cent over the same period, and net profits attributable to parent companies, a gain of $456 million, an increase of 11.14 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the parent company grew from 8.89% to 15.53%, with negative shifts. The military reform process in this round is coming to an end, and the military-industrial market is becoming more open.
The instrumental sector has continued to increase market concentration in technological progress: China-China PV has continued to advance the strategy of “skinning, integrating resources, and equipping core business with the best resources for the Dokming Research Assistant.” Based on these positive factors, we believe that the company’s performance throughout 2018 is expected to continue to grow well.
During the reporting period, companies strengthened their marketing systems, deepened their strategic cooperation with key clients, built up comprehensive supply-side equipment requirements, and continued to consolidate and upgrade the company’s industrial position in the military-industrial field. In addition, the company’s share of the international high-end civil-military market continued to rise: China’s first private self-research rocket, the “Gongqing Two Gang Star” was a success; gained the recognition of a number of mainstream international clients in the area of new energy vehicles; and deepened its engagement with the global community.
Business cooperation at the communications pole; rapid growth in the areas of orbital transport, industry, energy, health; and continuous in-depth research into the high downstream capacity and potential of connectors, Rapid growth in sales revenue and sustained growth in diversification of operations
During the reporting period, companies optimized the science, technology and innovation system mechanisms, " High Performance Growth, Successful Business Expansion " 2016.08.29 Increase investment in research and development. Market-oriented promotion of core connecting technology and strategic platform product development, intensive participation and leadership in international and domestic industry standard-setting.
The Centralized Performance Release 2016.04.29 Organizes a number of important sectoral meetings, such as the first China Workshop on Interlinkages of Carborne Information Systems, which has led to a gradual increase in the voice of the industry.
On January 18, 2017, the China-China PV Review adopted the first long-term incentive scheme for restricted stocks, which eventually became \triangleright.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side, Beijing, awarded a limited stock to 266 senior managers, core technicians and subsidiary managers and core cadres at a price of 5.9572 million.
Profit projection and rating: Based on the company’s latest equity, we expect net return profits from PV in mid-2020 to be $959 million and $1,138 million respectively Risk factors: higher costs for raw materials or manpower may reduce the Māori rate of the product; the company’s expansion to high-end interconnection is not as high as expected. \triangleright
In July 2016, he joined the Sunda Centre for Research and Development in Mechanical and Military Industries. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is qualified for a portfolio of securities investment advice, which the CVC has approved. This report was produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.