China PV series II: In the light of the development of the international connector's giant Afino, the PV (002179).
China PV has been the dominant species that our team has focused on and closely tracked, and the company's relative returns have been significant since this year, and we predict that the company is looking at several major international connectors, and we believe that Anfino is the best international giant for the company to target, and that this report is trying to see the future development of PV from the successful genes that Afino has developed.
I. Overview of the connector industry: The global market for connectors has continued to grow, reaching over $60 billion in 2017. Connectors, as bridges connected in electronic circuits, are widely used in various fields, including data communications, computers and perimeters, consumer electronics, automobiles, industry, medical, aerospace and military.
Associates data show that the global market size of connectors has grown from $34.390 billion in 2009 to $60.116 billion in 2017, with an annual compound growth rate of 7.2 per cent. In terms of regional distribution, China has become the largest global market for connectors.
In 2017, our market share for connectors expanded to 26.13%, becoming the largest global market for connectors. Our overall market for connectors grew much faster than the global industry, and there is still great potential for future development.
The $6,677 billion grew rapidly to $19,082 million, with annual compound growth of 13.8 per cent, well above global industry growth. Although my national connector industry has begun late, its market is less concentrated, and its technology level is still somewhat different from that of advanced countries, our connector industry has a large space and potential for development, and there is very much room for improvement in the future.
In terms of downstream applications, the main areas of application with the greatest demand for connectors are automobiles (22.2 per cent), telecommunications and data communications (20.4 per cent), Eastern financial and intellectual sources, computers and peripheral products (16.3 per cent), industry (11.9 per cent), military aviation (6.1 per cent) and transport (6.0 per cent), which account for the total number of connectors.
In terms of the pattern of competition in the industry, the market share of global connectors is relatively concentrated, and domestic market concentration is increasing. Because downstream applications are increasing the demand for appliance electronics, large firms with greater research and development power are more likely to compete in the market for connectors.
On the other hand, the market share of the world’s top 10 connectors has risen from 38% in the 1980s to around 61.0% in 2017, of which the top three (teconceptivity, Afino, Mossi) account for more than 30%. Domestic market concentration is also increasing, and the market share of top5 (stylish, medium, PV, PV, space appliances, and Yong-Gyu) has risen from 6.8% in 2010 to 2015.
18.8%, but still far below 33.9% of the world’s top three major players, there is still much room for improvement in the future. Currently, the world’s top three connectors, Teco Electronics, Anfino, and Moss, together, accounted for 34.7% of the global connection market in 2016.
Afino is the international giant best suited to PV in China, and we're trying to look at the future of PV in the successful genes that have developed in Afino.
Angéno has been one of the largest manufacturers of connectors in the world for many years, selling more than $7 billion in 2017. Angéno is mainly providing connectivity solutions and interconnected products to industries, with major areas of operation covering aviation, military, automobile, rail, and other transport and common industries.
The Afino Group has implemented a global localization strategy, with more than 90 factories and more than 100 sales offices, with a global total of over 30,000 employees. Angénoll has expanded by 120-64.7 per cent in the last 10 years, with a market value growing about fivefold.
Net profits have been growing relatively steadily and rapidly, with Anfino achieving business income of $45.8 billion in 2017, an increase of 5.1% over the same period, and an annual compound growth rate of 8.7% over the last decade, which is also higher than the overall increase in the global connector market during the same period. In terms of market value expansion for companies, Afino has increased market value by about five times over the past 10 years, with 96.1% of the major winner of the Jones Industries Index over the same period.
Figure 5: Afino operating income and speed increase 2007-2017 (%) In the area of Deep Farm Connectors, which accounts for more than 90% of connection services, there has been a continued expansion of rapid expansion and performance across different business areas through extended M&A purchases. Afino is the first-largest plant for cellular connectors and is best at sophisticated interface connections, such as sim card connections, sd card connections, usb connections, etc.
Hdmi connection, rf conversion, etc... In recent years, many of the world ' s top connectors have been acquired through mergers, with product expansion covering military, aviation, shipping, communications, etc. From 2003 to the present, Anfino will complete at least one acquisition each year, and between 2003 and 2017, the total amount of money used for the merger accounts for more than 50% of the total cash allocated to the company, mostly for horizontal extension of the connector business area, making connection operations fast.
Afino spent $1.275 billion on Singapore’s fci-rich connectivity, code-based layout, communications, and industry. Through M&A integration, Anfino became the third largest connector in the world, and in 2016, business income expanded by 20.6% through a year-round listing of fci.
Table 1: Exterior M & A statistics for Anferno in the field of connectors.
Through a series of extended M&As in recent years, Afino's connector business also achieved a diversified and balanced composition of Afino's operations in 2017: 20% communications, 19% industry, 19% vehicles, 14% mobile equipment, 10% military industry, 8% mobile network, 6% broadband communications, and 4% commercial space. With a relatively balanced and diverse downstream business layout, Afino has been operating since 2010-2017.
In terms of profitability, Afino has also been at a steady high level for the past 10 years. In 2007-2017, Afino’s combined sales of Mäori were combined.
The rate level has remained between 31% and 33%, and in recent years it has risen closer to 33% in stability; the combined net interest rate level has also remained between 12% and 13%, and the profitability is much higher than the industry as a whole and average. China’s PV itself is good at genes, and it is hoped that the development path of Afino, the global connector’s giant, will be fully replicated.
The core five-point logic of PV is summarized by many similarities, whether from historical performance, business layout, long-term steady profitability, or from the characteristics of the entanglement business and the evolution of the extended M&A process. At present, the high-quality genes shown by PV in China also offer great potential for replicating the development path of Afino in the future.
Long-term profits are positive and high growth is stable: a number of companies in stock listings have been able to sustain five consecutive years of revenue and net profits are increasing in a relatively small number, while China Light has been growing in annual revenue and net profits since they were listed (11 consecutive years in 2007), and the absolute value of the harvest and speed is impressive.
The military-industrial industry is fully covered, and military stability provides a symmetrical attribute. China’s PV military connectors cover all sub-sectors such as aviation, space, ships, weapons, electronics, etc.
• Coyote marketing and R & D systems promote product upgrading. The corporate system is unique in military industries, although it is national in itself.
The comparative advantage of the corporate system is largely reflected in the coyote sales, the clear-cut advantage of civil-military combinations, and the potential for sustainable growth in large markets for public goods. Since September, the company has been working in depth with the country’s new energy suppliers, and has been involved in the drafting of standards for charging new energy vehicles, expanding rapidly to more than 600 million public cars in 2013;
The Division ' s communications operations peaked in 2014, followed by a steady growth of operations, and the communications area remained in transition from 4g to 5g in 2018. By reference to the Global Connector ' s giant Anfino, companies are expected to expand their applications and scenes in areas such as industry, broadband communications, information technology, etc., while the share of revenues from foreign trade exports is expected to rise significantly over the future.
This report is a second in the series of PV in China, and the follow-up report will provide an in-depth analysis of the future course of the company’s development from the perspective of the domestic connector giants and the future new industry applications. Industry competition has increased; communications, new energy orders, etc., have fallen short of expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.