Merchant Bank (600036): Basics continue to be good, retail contributions are still visible.
The Bank of Merchants was the first enterprise law in the country: on August 23, the Bank of Merchants announced its 1h19 report: 50.612 billion yuan in net profits, the share-holding commercial bank and the State system.
The first pilot bank to promote banking reform, close to the end of June 19 with a total assets of $7.19 trillion, with a negative rate of 1.23 per cent, with a provision of 394.12 per cent, to achieve the transformational objective of creating a “light bank”
“Quality, benefits, scale” dynamic and balanced development, business-level capital adequacy rate of 11.42 per cent.
1h19 roa (1.47%) was increased by the same year and the ring decreased by a quarter. Dupont decomposition showed that the main drivers of the roa increase were the same-year net difference and lower credit costs: the single-quarter ring comparison, the roa fell mainly as a result of a narrow, non-interest quarterly round contribution, and 2-quarter provision was made.
This reduction has a positive effect on roa. q2 quarter-end growth slowed. q2 quarter-end growth went down to 7.3 per cent at a single quarter and cost control of liabilities was better, with net interest differentials or narrow saving pressures.
19q2 net interest spread ring compared to lower line 3bp: more affected by downfall of asset end interest rate and better than expected end of liability. 19q2 net interest gap ring decreased by 3bp to 2.69%. Of this, the asset end rate of return ratio decreased by 2bp below: interest-bearing asset rate of return was reduced by 2bp, which was disassembled mainly by loans.
The impact of the interest rate ring decline is 8bp, and credit share increases the downward impact of interest rates, which is accompanied by more countercyclical regulation, with downside pressure on asset end-of-end interest rates remaining high in the second half of the year. Retail lending is considered to be relatively high, with overall downward pressure or better than co-operation.
At the end of the debt: the company’s cost-side control capacity is strong, with interest-bearing liabilities falling by 1 bp over the first quarter of the year.
Prices may continue to fall, and deposits continue to be highly competitive; there is little room for further improvement in the cost of the end of the liability when the cost of a partner’s debt is low.
Bank of Merchants (600036): Basics continue to be excellent, retail contributions continue to be visible, with 1h19 fees and commission revenues increasing by 4.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the main focus in the second half of the year being on revenue management. (1) The largest contribution in 1h19 was the bank card charges, which increased by 18.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a higher volume of transactions that led to fast-track credit card intermediary revenue.
Growth. The growth rate in bank cards is slowly declining. (2) The decline is significant because of agency fees, which are 9.5 per cent lower than in the same year, mainly because of a decrease in agent fund income, and the continued increase in write-off disposal, both in terms of bad and concern, in the hosting and trust operations, which account for a higher share of the median revenue. Companies continue to increase their disposal of bad practices, with a negative net production rate of 0.8 per cent of 1h19, a significant increase from 1h18.
In absolute terms, it is still low. The negative ratio has declined from the early part of the year to the negative balance, the rate of concern and the balance of concern have declined from 13 bp to 1.13%. The number of loans forming the poor category of concern has fallen from 21 bp to 1.30% at the beginning of the comparison.
In addition to the current disclosure, the credit card failure rate has risen by 57bp to 2.38% compared to the beginning of the year, and by the Bank of Peace by 5bp to 1.37% compared to the beginning of the year. The provision coverage has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the decline in poor loans from sub-prime parents.
The number of retail customers has steadily increased, and the business contribution has increased further. As of the end of June 19, retail customers, sunflowers and above, the number of private customers had increased by 6.8 per cent and 1.8 and 2.6 percentage points per year, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year, and the retail business contribution has increased further.
In the second half of 19 it is expected that the scale will continue to expand steadily, that the differences will drop evenly, that the poor rates will be smooth, and that concern will be given to maintaining the “highly recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Growth in performance of merchant banks is in line with expectations Figure 3: Historical trends in net interest differentials of merchant banks Figure 4: Historical changes in cost of interest-paying liabilities of merchant banks
Figure 5: Poor bank practices, interest in loan rates, figure 6: Poor credit card rates at commercial banks compared to 19bp to 1.30% at the beginning of the year
East Hing Securities Corporation, Inc. Admission Bank (600036): Basics continue to be excellent and retail contributions are still bright: Table 1: Disparities in performance
Table 3: Non-interest income of commercial banks Source of Eastern financial intelligence Table 4: Quarterly asset quality analysis of commercial banks, 17-19
Table 5: Summary of data on retail sales in merchant banks
Merchant Bank (600036): Basics continue to be excellent, retail contributions are still visible, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Inc. Recruitment Bank (600036): Basics continue to be excellent, retail contributions are still bright.
A forward-looking investment analysis by the Research and Banking Unit.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies