The growth in revenue from distribution increased significantly, with companies achieving business income of $92,575 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 22.00 per cent over the previous year. The increase in income was higher than in the same period in the previous year.
As a result of such factors as further upswings, the realization of a net return to the mother is 2,286 million yuan, an increase of 12.45 per cent in the same year; the realization of a net lost profit of 2,095 million yuan, an increase of 10.66 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the company achieved an operating income of 46,569 million yuan in 2019q2, an increase of 17.92 per cent in the same year; and the realization of a net return.
1.16 billion yuan, an increase of 14.48 per cent in the same year; 1.055 billion yuan in net profit from withholding, which is the same as in the case of industrial plates, which maintain a rapid growth trend and continue to increase investment in research and development; and rapid growth in corporate industrial plates, which achieved the pharmaceutical industry in the first half of 2019.
Revenue structure (2019h1) Sustained increase in R & D investment, with R & D spending of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R. 17.84% over the same period.
Eight products were declared to the National Drug Control Service, including Tate's shares compared to 300 deep saltans and the injection of Lansolazon in the last six months. In terms of innovative medicines, the company is proposing $30.6 million.
Biocad shares 50.1% of the new sphbiocad(hk)licited shares in the joint venture, relying on the marketing and distribution channels of the company to promote the commercialization of products such as molecular bioinnovants, bio-like medicines, etc. in the Chinese region.
Business block 19h1 income increased significantly over the same period of the previous year when companies realized sales revenue of 80,194 million yuan in pharmaceutical distribution in the first half of 2019, an increase of 21.04 per cent over the same period of the previous year.
Strategic collaboration with successful suppliers such as China Hai Pharmacy, Kyoto New Pharmacy, etc.: On the other hand, the company has continued to strengthen its cooperation with innovators both inside and outside the country to obtain the right to sell Shanghai products such as tactile resistance, treprisic resistance, injected thugs with sodium avibatin,
The company is the leading national distribution leader and became the largest import agent and distributor in the country in 2018 after integrating Candler.
The company’s competitive advantage in importing pharmaceutical agents, its ability to overturn terminal coverage, and its share of pure sales are high, and the business sector is expected to grow steadily.
Risks; risk of failure in research and development of new medicines; risk of impairment of goodwill. Companies are expected to increase the net sales ratio in this round of trade shuffling in a context of competitive advantages such as size, nationalization of distribution networks, etc.
In addition, the synergies between companies and businesses are evident, with the industrial sector maintaining a focus strategy on treatment and priority products, maintaining a faster growth trend, and, in the long run, a rich stock of research varieties is expected to drive the continued growth of the industrial sector.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.