Industry continues to grow rapidly, and the business pole effect highlights the fact that Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) - Shanghai Medicines (601607).
The company released its mid-2019 report, which resulted in a revenue of $92,575 million, an increase of 22.00 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2,286 million, an increase of 12.45 per cent over the same period; net profits of 12.11 per cent over the same period after deducting research and development costs and deducting non-recurring gains and losses.
Information provided for the preparation of this report. (i) Industry maintained rapid growth, with strong momentum for priority varieties, and corporate pharmaceutical industry maintained rapid growth, driven by priority varieties.
The pharmaceutical industry has achieved sales revenue of 11,942 million yuan, an increase of 24.05 per cent over the same period; contributing profits of 1,085 million yuan, an increase of 19.82 per cent over the same year. The company ' s sales revenue for 60 priority varieties of $6,773 million, an increase of 31.03 per cent over the same year.
During the reporting period, companies continued to optimize their marketing systems, build specialized and high-quality marketing teams, and focus on superior resources to build fist varieties.
The first half of the year saw sales revenue of $384 million, an increase of 19.99 per cent over the same period, with market access rising to 76.67 per cent; the two core products of Guangdong Tianpu grew robustly, with 102.5 per cent completion of the first half of the year, and income from sales achieved with injection Ustatin (Tiploan)
Three hundred and ninety million dollars and 180 million dollars in injection sales from Ulrichlin. Consistency evaluation has progressed steadily, with excellent ratings of the species. The second quarter of the year, the first platinum capsule and the second accelerometers have been evaluated for generic pharmaceutical consistency, and there are eight products with nine product codes.
Be declared to the National Drug Control Service, including the use of Misatana and the injection of Ransorazon. Catoply films with their excellent pharmaceutical quality have been evaluated consistently in 2018, compared to 1.219-04-30 Shanghai Medicines Quarterly: industry remains fast.
The low market prices and the manner in which medicines are given under the tongue have caused the attention of the grass-roots doctors, the company's scratchers, the Shanghai Annual Medical Report, 2.2019-04-10: the rate of income up and warming.
3.2018-10-29 Shanghai Quarterly Report on Medicines tracks: Industry maintains rapid growth, commercial plates are reheating at the bottom, and Biocad works together to deepen the biopharmaceutical layout of the big molecules.
The drug company Biocad formally signed an agreement to finance $3.06 million in a new sph-biocad (hk)titled joint venture with Biocad, which represents 50.1% of the joint venture. After the establishment of the joint venture, the shareholders proposed to share in the company, not inject bioinnovation drugs, bio-like drugs, etc., and to promote the product in China through the company ' s marketing and distribution channels.
(ii) Business flagship effects highlight the excellent performance of import operations, higher business growth than industry-wide, and corporate distribution excellence. Corporate pharmaceutical distribution captures sales revenue of $80,194 million, an increase of 21.04 per cent and a Māori rate of 6.49 per cent; pharmaceutical retailing achieves sales revenue of $3,837 billion.
As China’s medicine policy further deepens its reforms, it has introduced a number of policies to encourage innovation in medicine and accelerate the introduction of foreign innovation, and corporate leaders have stepped up their cooperation with large foreign pharmaceutical companies in an effort to widen their competitive advantage and consolidate the leading market share.
A distribution agreement was signed between the company and Pfizer for the national agency of Sodium Avibatam (Sfoto) and Dacolyne with the injection of the head thorium; the Pug Pills for the treatment of the pulmonary arteries of Ekoteron for import distribution; the two major products of the pd-1 product listed last year, Eudivo and Corrida, performed strongly with academic outreach.
A step-by-step boost will continue to boost the company ' s growth in distribution sales revenue from imported drug plates. (iii) The company ' s valuation is reasonable and future profits are expected to improve. As of 3 September, the company ' s market rate (ttm) was 13.01, and the market rate (ttm) for pharmaceutical products in the tertiary sector was tttm)
The median is 19.64, with a market gain below the industry median. Given the company’s current industrial portfolio ratio, we believe that the company’s current valuation is low and has an investment value.
Potential. With strong growth in corporate industrial clusters and steady progress in the subsequent assessment of their consistency, the corporate industrial clusters are expected to continue the rapid growth trend. On the other hand, we appreciate the advantages of corporate distribution poles. With increasing concentration in the pharmaceutical circulation sector, the firm’s market share is expected to increase further, and companies are in a position to take the lead in importing medicines, among other things.
Risks of failure in R & D, risk of reduced prices for drug bidding, risk of impairment of goodwill, etc.