Kuala Lumpur Vanwi (300418) media leading the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The company is a platformed Internet enterprise. The company’s main game research and development and distribution, leisure and recreation platform operations and social and recreational platform operations are among the country’s leading, large-scale platform power, business layout extension, platformed Internet enterprises abroad, with significant industrial resources and good prospects for development.
• Play business: Deep overseas genes, looking forward to new tourism. Companies have been working for many years in the game industry, building a solid user base and rich overseas circulation experience, and showing a high profile in overseas markets.
Building on the capital strength and investment capacity of the people, the company has transformed into a platform, gradually building a multi-operational, multiplatform architecture. Leisure and recreation: the company’s leisure and recreation platform has a three-to-six-line focus on young and middle-aged people in cities.
Greendr: The company took the break through a social networking platform of the ligbt group, grindr, and hopefully landed in the United States, with great potential for development. Opra: The company succeeded in taking advantage of a front-line technology like the one with the old pager.
The main flow routes for users in both the continent and South-East Asia are high-profit. Companies are also online to customize new news and short video operations, and have succeeded in generating an outbreak of user growth, and with the further increase in the number of users, Opra’s performance is expected to evolve across borders.
Investment platform: Mr. Zhou Yahui, the real controlr of the company, has a unique investment vision that cuts across all sectors, generating high investment returns for the company, complementing the cash flow of the company on the one hand, and making it easier for the company to make a difference.
Beijing Kullen Van Witts, Inc., was founded in Beijing in 2008 and was established to focus its initial major operations on the development, operation and global distribution of web games, and then to expand its operations to mobile network games and client games. The Department now owns business panels such as mobile games platforms, recreational social platforms, social platforms, etc., and is a game researcher.
Integrated Internet companies with capacity for development, combined operational capacity, diversified liquidity and synergizing plates. Corporate equity structure: the company actually controls Zhou Yahui, directly holds 16.35% of the company’s shares, and achieves control over listed companies through the Sween Century Software Research and Development Centre (Swiss Century Software Research and Development Centre) (limited partnership). 17% of the shares, with a large number of other important shareholders.
Corporate investors. Corporate equity is stable, and Zhou Yahui is Chairman and Managing Director of Kowloon Wanway, with management having a high degree of control over the company and a high degree of decision-making and implementation efficiency.
In 2018, the company achieved a revenue of $3.58 billion, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the previous year, and a net profit of $1.01 billion for mothers, an increase of 0.7 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $860 million, a decline of 2.8 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $380 million for mothers, a significant increase of 91.3 per cent over the same period.
The company’s main business structure: the company’s main games research, leisure platforms and social software operations, which are mainly generated by the value-added income from games, membership fees and advertising. Compared to the past, the company’s social network income ratio has increased significantly, the share of the game’s income has declined accordingly, and the collection structure has been more balanced.
Gross profits account for 63 per cent of the gross profits of the company, 32 per cent of the gross profits from game revenue generation, and are second to the company's Māori contribution.
Corporate executives have an excellent educational background, a strong professional career, and have a better understanding of the market for many years, and have a more accurate understanding of users’ needs. On the path to the company’s expanding business map, the company’s top executives have the ability to plan a rational battle of science, Zhou Yahui, Qinghua University’s Graduate School of Fine Instruments, Master’s degree, and founder of the company.
\triangleright Network Science and Technology Ltd., Manager, Corporate Corporate Corporate Operation as a whole; Chiyocorn Science and Technology Development (Beijing) Ltd., Director, New Business Development; Keenet Interconnection Technology Development Ltd., Manager, Company General Regulations, Beijing
In March 2008, he entered the Beijing company Kuala Lumpur Vanvi Technologies Ltd., where he is currently Chairman and Managing Director. Wang Li Wei, Graduated in Computer Science and Engineering, Tianjin University of Technology, formerly Beijing's Kenette Interconnection Technology Development \triangleright
Supervisory position, Executive Personnel Management, Ltd.: Joined the Beijing company Kuala Lumpur Van Witts Limited in March 2008 and is responsible for the management of the Internet Ministry. Current director, deputy director-general, and financial director of the company. Mao Hang Jun, University of Technology, Anhui, expert in mineral engineering, scientific history.
Ben Sun Tianjin University computer major, scientific history. Previous position in Beijing \triangleright with limited Internet technology development \triangleright
Department, Senior Product Manager: Joined Beijing Kuala Lumpur Van Wietech Ltd. in March 2008 as Senior Operations Manager, Product Director, etc. Current Director of Corporate Projects, who also acts as Supervisor of Corporate Supervisors. 2.2 Game strategy: Precision plus series of chemical research and development, taking advantage of the sea dividend
2.2.1 The sea dividend of the game continues, continues to expand the map of the overseas world, and the markets of the offshore handicrafts are growing rapidly. Global games markets have grown rapidly over the past few years, with mobile games growing at the fastest point in a segmented market. Newzoo predicts that by 2021, mobile games will occupy 49% of the global market.
Asia’s markets are huge. Asian markets have become more geographically close, more culturally common, more aesthetically similar, etc.
The company’s deep-drawn markets in East and South-East Asia are huge, with a projected $6.21 billion in 2018 in Japan, $1.64 billion in South Korea, $2.36 billion in South-East Asia, and $2.36 billion in South-East Asia. The South Korean and Japanese games markets have been in the forefront of the world, and market education is over.
As a result, players have a high willingness to pay, and Japanese and Korean mobile game users have a value of $90.57 and $84.05, respectively. Companies have an overseas gene. Overseas markets have always been an important part of corporate strategic layout.
Channel resources, local talent resources, and marketing tools impose higher requirements and high barriers to competition. The company’s web-based and multilingual operations provide a solid basis for building up overseas markets with a wealth of endogenous talent and strategic experience.
2.2.2 The pc age of the layout game platform has been a great success as it continues its leading advantage. The company was established in 2008 to work on the development, distribution and operation of web games, covering a variety of items such as large web games, social web games, client games, etc. The number of users of the company ' s web platform in 2013
At 335 million, the average number of active users per month has accumulated a solid user base. During the pageage period, companies have a tradition of issuing a series of games, of which the Triads, the Triads, the Triads, the Triads, have a better track record, with the highest number of people online at the same time as the Triads, the highest number online at the same time as the Triples, with the highest number online at the same time as the Triads, with the highest number at the same time as the 49,000.
With the rise of the mobile phone market, the company ' s own rich experience in game development and large-scale games research has become a solid basis for its successful transformation, with a large number of loyal users playing ip-boom hand-by-hand to advance the platform strategy. The company ' s game business has evolved from proxy to self-study and has begun to set up the game platform.
The strategy, the online interactive reading-type product "moments:chooseyourstry" , which focuses on the Euro-American market for women, is active for more than a million people a month. This is another strategic upgrade from agency to self-study to platform for company games. The game of "moments:chooseyoursory" is highly interactive, and players will be caught in many romantic novels, and it will be the first time they'll be able to use it.
Players will meet a lot of characters in big hot novels, enjoy different scenes, collect meaningful stories, and share them with their friends. This game has added a wealth of liquidity tools, and more than 50 interactive readings have been launched in the first year of online life.
Figure 12: Games: Chooseyourstory
The Valley of Dragonsm is a hands-on movement adapted by the Konlon game and the grand game of the end-swap. The Valley of Dragons has transplanted the original world view, drama and character set, following familiar stories and npc, leading players to relive the risk-taking of the year. As a 3d action adventurer, the game is dominated by the "3d no-lock fight" model of the end-swap.
X-ray, the player can play a great series of games with different skill combinations. The Dragon Valleym has been on the line in Taiwan, Japan, Korea, and Europe and America, and it's been a great success. Once the Taiwan area has been on the line, the Dragon Valley has quickly come to the top of the free adventure game, and the free role playing top list has been first on the list, winning the second best performance of the iPhone.
South-East Asia and the United States, ranked first in many regions, with South-East Asia alone earning more than 50 million yuan per month and cumulative $346 million for the entire year 2018. Bleachland-Spirits Awakening: Death was developed jointly by Gameark and klabgames in Japan.
An official tour of the giant bleach border, a moorpg mobile network game based on the famous Japanese bleach border, inherited the original animated worldview, built 360 degrees 3d through 3d modelling technology, and a free perspective perfected the classic scene in the original animated animated script, with team interactive games.
On the Chinese mainland in November, the ios page was recommended once it was online. On December, the local version was recommended for the googleplay page. In addition, the South-East Asia version was launched in March 2019.
The Holy Dome was developed for two years by the global research and development team under the Cullen flag using the unity3d engine, a film class 3d action rpg hand-by-hand tour, bringing Western magic mmo experience to players. The Holy Dome, based on self-researching engines, integrates the fine images and hard effects of end-to-end development into hand-to-hand travel, with a 4k high precision mold.
. The game's original dynamic task system, different scenes trigger different tasks, dangerously threatened, and gave players the power to save the world.
The game was a great success in the European and American markets, and as of December 2018 it had generated 1.03 billion dollars in revenue for companies, one of the most profitable products in the company’s self-study trips so far. Seal Hope: A New World, Seal Hope: A New World is a successor to the Hope Online series.
Mamprpg mobile game, using the classic 3d character style, in which players can move and fight without restriction from their operating roles. The game has a rich growth system and a super cool fashion system and pet system.
Rocky is an arpg mobile network game based on end-walking, using Korean card vents, the main pet and copy game, for traditional end-of-end users. The product landed on the Taiwan market in January 2019. More than 10,000 user appointments have been made at the Taptap platform.
Figure 17: Rocky's video Projectp is a Chinese classical-style large mborpg mobile network game, using a Chinese q version, which focuses on multi-player pves for Asian users. Currently at the research and development stage, the time to get online is pending.
3 Platform transformation: capture the segmented market, continuously expand the map 3.1 Recreation: Focus on the chess class, penetrates the two- or three-line market, expands the class, penetrates the layer. Leisure focuses on the opening of the segment of the market for the products of the Local Character Leisure Competition.
The Division has launched section 28, which has received good market feedback and user statements, and is preparing to go to more than 10 more heavily located provinces, with the highest rate of market ownership in the major provinces of Sichuan and Hainan, with 3.8 million active users per day, and more than 35 per cent in the regulated and regulated chess platform.
At the same time, the company has developed a more user-friendly and entertainment model, increased user time and sticky use, added the commercial value of its leisure platform, added advertising slots for games such as legend, femininity, leisure, etc. on the page of the application, expanded the way users entertain within the platform, and further increased the number of users online in the application.
More than 50 million registered users, more than 10 million new users in 2018, resulting in a total income of $1.61 billion, with a net profit of $1.15 billion. The model is based on real social relations chains that transmits, activates chess fans and uses mobile Internet.
High penetration and debrisization have enabled users to move from the bottom to the line, while also activating the formerly low-paying, free-of-charge, national chess game users. On the basis of real-time relationships with family and friends, players start games with acquaintances through social software such as micro-letters, which allows them to build a familiar social chess model that is more competitive in the industry and allows them to play with each other.
To create rooms for players to consume their cards, invite their friends to participate and consume them after each game is over. Higher numbers of players and bureaus become the most important performance driver for each other's entertainment. To sink users and fill in the blanks of the layouts. Because of the non-standard features of the mahjong rules, the online mahjong games are more operational.
More sophisticated, localized, socialized. Corporate chess games have distinctive local features in terms of quality, play, design, including dialectic voice systems and ui designs with geographical features, and have high barriers to competition. More geographical features and traditional games close to the general public have led to the spread of games to three or four-line cities and medium and old-age players, such user groups.
It's missing from the popular hand- and end-to-hand games, while social relationships among players help users to develop a stable usage habit that further enhances user stickyness and loyalty and complements the overall user and business layout of the company. 3.2 grindr: Focus on the ligbt population, occupying the flow entrance.
Grindr was officially launched in March 2009 as the first gay social platform and the largest gay social network in the world, most of which is the "rich people who know technology" who earn more than average income. The product is based on the use of gps to locate basic information about potential social objects and provides chatting, sending photos, location, etc., with a fee version known as grindr.
Xtra. The income of grindr is derived mainly from membership fees and advertising, with an increase of more than 25% per year. Of this, paying households can access more value-added services, such as matching more social objects, transmitting more pictures at once, filtering advertisements, etc.; advertising models include banner advertising, rewarding video advertising, etc.
By the end of 2018, grindr had over 80 million registered users in 196 countries, 10 million active users per month, 4 million active users per day, mainly in developed countries and regions such as Europe and the United States. According to data from the 2016 Gallup Survey in the United States, the adult population of the United States was not heterosexual from 2012 to 2016.
The number of people (LGBT, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender) has increased from 8.3 million to 10 million, and the proportion of people has risen to 4.1%, with huge market potential. The LGbt population is more loyal to the software they trust than conventional mobile Internet users, with their unique and hidden social needs.
As a leading gay friend software, grindr holds the flow entrance to the ligbt population, allowing him access to distribution channels for the delivery of targeted advertising and content. 3.3opera: Emerging markets release growth dividends and users are significantly larger.
In July 2016, the company formed a consortium of buyers for investment subjects with a fully-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong Kwanglun Wanwi, to purchase 100% of its shares under the Purchase Agreement with the Oprasofwareas, not only to expand the scope of the business but also to extend the reach of the company ' s business to the outside world.
Oprea has a rich product system. Oprera currently has three main product lines: ai algorithms recommend customization of news software for news (with both stand-alone app and browser embedded services); high-speed and data-storage mobile browsers, opraforandroid and opramini; and innovative and unique pc browsers.
At the same time, distribution agreements with domestic mobile equipment giants, oppo, millet, etc., are expected to further increase the company’s market share.
The region of Africa and South-East Asia is the fastest growing global Internet market at the present time. Among these, the region is densely populated, with long-term economic backwardness, with Internet and mobile Internet penetration below the world average, reaching 440 million people in Africa in 2017, with 34 per cent penetration, well below the global average.
Levels (53%), with 190 million active social media users and 170 million active mobile social users, with penetration rates of 15% and 14%, respectively, while the number of users maintained growth rates of more than 10% at the same time. Market potential is significant as affordable mobile devices become available and Internet infrastructure is further opened.
New technologies, new business-driven income growth. Browser products are now moving from a single web browsing tool to smart products, which require faster, easier and more personalized web content for users.
Advances, users expect their online experience to become increasingly customized, interactive and attractive. Therefore, users will launch their news service in browser applications year after year, and an independent news information package, app.opera, based on a large user base, will continuously update and optimize the al platform, using, for example, self-inflicted.
Technologies such as language processing, computer visualization, and machine learning. Opranews have led to an explosive growth in company performance, reaching 150 million monthly users by March 2019, of which 30 million per month users of independent news clients have broken through, with quarterly rings increasing by more than 50%. Meanwhile, they were newly online in December 2018, with a short video feature of over 50%.
The company has opened up a new business of 3.4 investment returns: profit growth is coupled with strategic value.
The company's founder, Mr. Zhou Yahui, completed several successful equity investments or M & As transactions, covering a wide range of frontier areas such as entertainment, socialization, finance, tool software, consumption, artificial intelligence, and earned a good return on investment. In 2018, the company achieved $680 million in investment returns, which in recent years have been maintained at over $400 million, an important business map for the company.
One. The profit margin for ebitda after Opra’s adjustment was 38.2%, which was successfully reversed in 2017, and a net profit of $460 million after the adjustment was made in 2018. Successful investments bring a strong return on profits to the company, which is conducive to balancing the company’s cash flow, with a smooth internal and external distribution.
Taking account of different market risks and taking full advantage of the growing and mature market resources of emerging markets; and, secondly, gaining new opportunities to open up corporate maps, investment targets such as entertainment, socialization, etc. invested by companies can create synergies with corporate platforms, and investment in front-line areas such as finance, consumption and so forth ensures the sophistication and frontier of corporate business.
Corporate operating income and net profits have been rising steadily, with the company earning 3,577 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 4.1 per cent compared with the previous year ' s revenue of 3,436 million yuan, and a slowdown in the rate of growth. The net return profit of 1,006 million yuan, a growth rate of 0.7 per cent compared to the previous year, has increased at a lower rate than the average in recent years.
It has declined relative to recent years, but it is still growing. With the new company game on the line, the further development of the platform ' s operation and the improved performance of the acquisition and participation companies, it is hoped that the company ' s profit margin will be released and its profitability enhanced in the future.
The former asset-liability ratio remained secure, taking full advantage of financial leverage, and expanding its strategic map in various areas worldwide would help companies to take the lead in the industry and lay the foundation for long-term development. The collection structure had changed somewhat, with the cash-based streaming income subsided, and social network income had become the norm.
Costs are $389 million. Through continuous optimization of marketing activities, the company has increased precision investment and reduced relatively inefficient marketing and extension costs. The company’s financial costs have increased mainly as a result of interest expenditure and exchange rate changes, and are associated with the company’s strategy to expand overseas.
There has been an increase in volume, but the cost structure has been optimized in line with the company's long-term development objectives, assuming that: there has been no significant change in industrial policy; Nose has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.