Medium and Medium Micro (688012): The net profit from deduction is growing brightly, with a single-quarter profit-making capacity of 47.1% over the same period, and the net profit rate from deductions has increased significantly
To benefit from the development of equipment markets and the competitive advantage of the company ' s products, in the first half of 2022, the company achieved a net profit of $4.1-450 million in non-repatriation, a more significant increase in net profit in the same year than in the same year, mainly a decrease of $330 million in non-recurring earnings in the same year.
The dollar, which includes a reduction of $210 million in revenue from government subsidies, and a decrease of $200 million in fair value change gains from equity investments.
The company achieved revenue of $1.02 billion in the first quarter of the second quarter, an increase of 38.9 per cent over the previous quarter, a rise of 7.58 per cent in the ring, a deduction of $224-264 million in net profit from non-return to the mother, a rise in non-return to the fourth quarter and a continuous increase in profitability in the single quarter.
▪ Newly signed singles sufficient to see follow-up performance and growth space ccp etching equipment is an international leader, icp etching equipment is in a fast-disposal phase; mocvd equipment has cumulative orders exceeding 180 cavities, taking into account the delivery cycle,
It is expected that performance will continue in the second half of the year and in the following year; that autonomous development of epi extension equipment and lpcvd equipment has begun and will be expected to become a new performance growth point as the R & D and certification process continues; and that corporate platforms will be in place
Bureau, outreach development, participation in technology, semi-conducted medical examinations in the field of equipment, monitoring of equipment in Shanghai, photovoltaic batteries and tablet displays in the field of pecvd, ideal 10,000 lire, and solayer in the field of plating and membrane modification equipment, hopefully.
Open the long-term growth space and build up the lead of semiconductor equipment companies on a continuous basis. Semiconductor market demand is not as high as expected; downstream crystal round manufacturing capacity is not expanding as expected; spare parts shortage is at risk; new equipment development is not proceeding as fast as expected.
The Mechanical Unit presents the experience of the automated industry, six years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is mainly responsible for publicly listed companies in the mechanical industry.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.