Medium Micro Corporation (688012): icp etching equipment fast-displaced, multiline R & D continues to move into layout industry.
The company published its semi-annual performance in 2022: operating income of $1.97 billion, an increase of 47.3 per cent in the same year; net profit return of $467 million, an increase of 17.9 per cent in the same year; continuous improvement in human efficiency management and increased profitability.
To benefit from the development of equipment markets and the competitive advantage of corporate products, companies are not afraid of the epidemic, and in the first half of 2022 they achieved operating income of $1.97 billion, an increase of $3.5 million over the same period, resulting in a continuous increase in corporate effectiveness. The financial cost rate is 5.18 per cent, a decrease over the same period.
441 million yuan, an increase of 615.3 per cent over the same period, of which non-recurrent gains and losses were equal to the same gain of 100 million yuan (the government subsidy recorded in the first half of the year for current gains and losses) and $177 million in fair value change earnings from equity investments.
Non-net interest rate of 22.4 per cent, a year-on-year increase of 17.8 pct, continued to increase profitability.
"Innovation is high" 202,2705. "Erosion-based, platform-based, integrated semiconductor."
In the first half of 2022, the company earned $1.30 billion, an increase of 51.5 per cent, of which ccp earned $886 million, an increase of the same amount.
14.0 per cent, icp etchings revenue of $413 million, an increase of 414 per cent from the same year, is in the fast-discharge phase. The rate is 46.1 per cent, the profitability of the corrosion equipment is further ccp etching equipment, and the company continued to receive batch orders from a large number of customers in the first half of the year.
Single, the market rate has been rising, with the first three customers entering the market, reaching 30% or higher on the production lines of some of the major customers. In advanced logical circuits, companies continue to upgrade the performance of their products.
The ccp etching device has succeeded in achieving duplicate orders from 5nm and the logical circuits below, the volume of layers and higher numbers of Nand, which are growing at a steady pace as the capacity of the 3dnand chip manufacturing plant rises rapidly.
The layout and extension of the application of the etching device in the dynamic memory, which has been obtained by customer batch orders as more processes are opened and tested. Key etching applications above the layer with a very deep width ratio and other critical etching applications
The level of nanos is higher than 100% per year, and has entered the production line of more than 15 customers for the certification of more than 100 icp etching processes.
The number of applications is also increasing, with continued access to internationally advanced 3dnand client batch orders, high-output Primotwin-Star series being certified on the domestic front client production line, orders increasing continuously and entering more customers
Based on the technology development needs of clients, the company is developing the technology of the next generation of products to meet the corrosion needs of products such as logical chips under 5 nm, dram chips under 1 x nanom and 3dnand chips above 200 floors, and to do so.
High-yielding icp etching equipment development; icp etching for the 5nm logical chip has been evaluated and marketed at the advanced logic chip production plant; and the alpha prototype has been designed with an icp etching machine for the 3nm logic chip.
Manufacturing, testing and initial process development and evaluation; icp etching machines for logical chips in 7-5nfinfet structures have developed prototypes and engineering machines, company 8 and 12 inches deep silicon etching equipment protsv200e, primo
Tsv300e continues to receive duplicate orders in mature etching markets such as advanced system encapsulations, 2.5-dimensional encapsulations and micromechanical system chips production lines, as well as in emerging market etching processes such as 3d chips.
In addition, the carving machines being developed by the company for the logical device Damascus etching and for the application of the very, very, very, very, very deep width have made good progress, and will gradually enter the city.
The company’s revenue from mocvd equipment in the first half of 2022 was $241 million, a year-on-year increase, as a result of an increase in the ratio of income from high-morigin products. The company’s newly developed mocvd equipment for the manufacture of miniled blue and green light devices
The prismounimax series has achieved 41 4 inches of extra-chip processing capacity, with a homogeneity of 100.8 nanometers in the luminous wavelength.
A large number of orders from clients, with cumulative orders exceeding 180, are expected to continue to produce performance in the second half of the year and the following year, taking into account the delivery cycle. Companies are also developing tools for nitrogenification, carbonated silicon power and manufacturing.
The mocvd special equipment for micro-led, which currently uses mocvd for the manufacture of silicone-based nitrified thorium power units, has been validated on the client chip production line.
Company-owned research and development of epi outreach equipment and lpcvd equipment, tungsten deposition equipment developed by company with excellent staircase coverage and filling capacity to meet advanced logical device contact puncture applications, as well as 64, 128 and 200 floors
Many of the key applications in 3dnand above are currently validated through the trades and crafts of key clients and actively promote the quantitative validation of equipment at the client line. The company is also developing new filling programs to meet higher depth-wide exposures and exposures on an ongoing basis.
The development of the company's Atomic Sediment Facility is also under active development, and the equipment developed is capable of meeting the requirements of advanced storage and logical device metal blockage applications, as well as advanced applications.
The metallic grid pole application in the logical device. The epi device is oriented towards applications such as logic, storage, power devices, etc. 28 nm and below. Research and development is progressing well and is in the stages of simulating and debugging. As the R & D and validation process continues, no
The company's Nanchang production and research base has been partially completed, and some of the production cleaner rooms have been set up to support the development of the production base.
Pilot production began in July 2022, with approximately 180,000 square metres of production research and development in Shanghai port.
• Platform configurations, extension developments, equipment taps, company platform configurations, and extension developments, share-sharing in the field of pecvd equipment.
The field of technology, semiconductor detection equipment in Shanghai, photovoltaic batteries and tablet displays, the ideal 10,000 lire in pecvd, and the field solayer of plating and membrane modification equipment, are expected to open up long-term growth space and consolidate synergies in the industrial chain.
The company’s business layout should be improved, leading the company’s semiconductor equipment on a continuous basis. Semiconductor market demand is not as high as expected; downstream crystal round manufacturing capacity is not expanding as expected; spare parts are short of risk; new equipment is not being developed as fast as expected.
The Mechanical Unit presents the experience of the automated industry, seven years of research experience in the mechanical industry, which is mainly responsible for publicly listed companies in the mechanical industry.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.