On 5 July, Sino-micro issued a 2022 mid-year forecast that the company expected q2 to earn $1,021 million, with a significant increase in the non-profit rate and a strong increase in new contracts. Despite the impact of the Shanghai epidemic, the company still expected a strong increase.
\triangleright achieved income of 1,021 million yuan in q2 in 2022, an increase of 39 per cent in the same year, a significant increase. At the same time, the net interest rate for withholding of non-net interest rates in the equipment market reached 24 per cent, compared to the level of the offshore flagship equipment company (25 per cent net interest rate of amat2q22);
The company has already made it from ccp \triangleright at the corrosion link.
Capability expansion at icp and technological capabilities remain ahead of schedule. In 2021, 298 cavities were delivered at the same time as in the year when the company ' s products became more national and internationally competitive, and the ccp equipment was used in the manufacture of production lines by integrated circuits for frontline domestic customers and continued to increase market ownership in some of the customer markets.
The occupancy rate has reached the top three and has succeeded in obtaining duplicate orders for logical circuit lines up to 5 nm.
The corrosion product has been certified on the production lines of more than 15 customers for more than 100 icp etching processes, and in a sequenced import the sub-process etching performance and mass production indicators have met the requirements of the customer and are being put into production.
2. The performance of MSMEs (688012) and other forward cores, the company ' s lpcvd equipment for tungsten pore filling has been submitted to the client for certification for the q3 performance rating: q3 performance has been hampered by equity investments and orders have increased significantly
Gesi-extended pi equipment has entered the prototype design, manufacturing and debugging phase. In addition, the company is planning to develop critical process equipment, such as ald equipment and ale, and the product matrix is expected to expand continuously to form a process of corrosion + thin film production 3.
: the corrosion device is growing steadily, and mocvd is waiting for the amount of minded
Mocvd's new order is full, and the Nanchang base has expanded its capacity for midwifery. The company launched \triangleright 4.0 (688012) performances in June 2021.
Mocvd equipment for miniled received orders for more than 100 cavities over six months, and the market spreads out and rated: carving continues to grow high and mocvd greets the Goebblers. The company is also actively layout the third generation of semiconductor mocvd devices for powerware applications.
Mocvd has been delivered for certification, and the development of mocvd equipment has been initiated. With regard to capacity, in 2021, the company launched the expansion of two major production bases, Dao Hong Kong and Nanchang, and as of June 2022, the base of the Ministry of Finance Nanchang has been completely closed and is scheduled to resume production inland in 2022, bringing about a big deal of mature product lines.
The corresponding current prices are 14/11/8 times higher, and given the company's market position as the leader of the domestic semiconductor equipment, it is expected to enjoy downstream expansion and national production dividends and maintain a “recommended” rating.The methodology and analytical logic lead to the conclusions of the study, an independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.