Mid 2022: ccp etching device fast-layed.
The research assistant, Loe-Jeong, achieved a net profit of $441 million on non-mortality, which is +615.26 per cent of the year. icp etching equipment is fast-discharged, driving the income end to continue to grow at a high rate.
Millions of yuan, +39%. With the adverse effects of the Shanghai epidemic, the company’s revenues continue to grow at a high rate and perform well. Product: 1) etching equipment: 2022h1 generated 1.299 billion yuan, +51% of the year. ccp of this income is 1 billion yuan, +414% of the year, 32% of the time in etching equipment, and faster than +22pct, icp etching equipment.
The local semiconductor equipment industry continues to have a high profile in the context of the shifting production capacity eastwards. By the end of 2022h1, the corporate contract liability was 1,594 million, and delivery accelerated as the epidemic improved, and the income end of 2022 was expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The increase in the Māori rate is evident & the cost rate is significantly lower, with net profit from non-sale interest rates of $468 and net profit from non-sales of +18 pct 2022h1 and $441 million, respectively, compared to +1.76 pct and +4.65 pct, respectively, and we are judged to have benefited mainly from product structure optimization, scale-downs, etc.
The Māori rate of equipment has risen significantly, and we judge it to be mainly due to the rise in the share of revenue in the new miniled industry. 2) Cost side: 24.11% for the period 2022h1, compared to 6.77pc, the main driving force behind the increase in sales, management, and profit levels. In particular, the R&D rate of 2022h1 increased significantly, mainly through cost conversion.
The share of R & D inputs has increased. The combined R & D inputs of 2022h1 companies amount to $346 million, which represents a decrease of $308 million in non-recurring corporate gains and losses of the same year, with government subsidies that account for non-recurring gains and losses of $177 million in fair value change gains of the same year, thus clearly affecting net profit performance at home.
1ccp Devices: Actively working with mainstream clients to define the main functions and technical indicators of the next generation of ccp etching machines.
2cp equipment: primonovaicp etching products have been added to more than 15 customer production lines.
Performance report advance evaluation: Income end continues to be high, obtaining internationally advanced 3dnand client batch orders. 3mocvd equipment: active layout, third generation semiconductor set-up, development of mocvd equipment for gan power unit mass production, delivered to leading domestic and international customers for production testing
Rapid growth, evidenced by the real level of profit. 4 thin film deposition equipment: based on metal tungsten cvd equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve a higher depth-wide ratio and smaller critical-sized structural filling, while the development of extended equipment (epi) is progressing well and is in progress.
In terms of capacity, in 2021, the company launched successive construction projects, such as Nanchang, Hong Kong Industrial Base, Hong Kong Research and Development and Headquarters, which, with the accelerated release of capacity, laid the foundation for high growth rates in the medium and long term.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering the company's stock of orders and the prospect of accelerated delivery in the second half of the year, we report quarterly: good performance in corrosion equipment.