Mid 2022: Reporting performance update: high speed at the end of revenue 05, 2022
Research assistant Loe-Yu
The high growth at the end is slightly better than we expected, and we've judged it to be mainly a significant increase in 2021 in the company's new receipts and related revenues, while the newly signed miniledmocvd sets up an order to confirm revenue, and we expect a small increase in mocvd.
In this context, the local semiconductor equipment industry is still relatively high. By the end of 2022 q1, the company's contract was about six times higher than the net profit from non-repatriation, and the real profit level rose significantly faster than the income end, and the side reflects a significant increase in the real profit level of the company, which we judge.
This is mainly due to higher levels of gross Maori etching equipment income, as well as a decline in the company ' s current cost rate, with the effect of size. The net profit of 2022h1 is about six times higher than the net profit of the parent, which is significantly higher than the net gain of billions, and is mainly due to lower prices for holdings of more advanced stocks, such as Mid-King International and Skye.
1ccp etching equipment: actively working with mainstream clients to define the main drivers of the next generation of ccp etching machines.
Functional and technical indicators, more advanced products are being developed.
. 3 mocvd equipment: active layout of third-generation semiconductor equipment, development of mocvd equipment for the production of gna-power devices, delivered to leading domestic and international customers for production certification. 4 film quarterly reports: bright performance of corrosion equipment
Sediment equipment: Based on metal tungstencvd equipment, the company is further developing cvd and ald to achieve better, o1 performance slightly higher than expected. High-deep-wide and smaller critical-size structures filled to meet the requirements of high-end logical devices and advanced storage chips
In terms of production capacity, the company began construction projects in 2021, such as Nanchang, Hong Kong Industry Base, Hong Kong Research and Development Department and General Department, which, with the accelerated release of subsequent production capacity, laid the foundation for high growth rates in the medium to long term.
Review: Semiconductor equipment requirements are strong, profit forecasting and investment rating: given the company's full hand orders, we maintain 2022-2024.