Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Company fundamentals (RMK) increased by about 47.30 per cent; mother ' s net profit was 468 million yuan, an increase of 17.94 per cent in the same year; net profit after deduction
A new order of $3.1 billion, a 62 per cent increase in the same year, a rapid increase in the icp, and a steady increase in the mocvd Māori rate by sub-business: corporate ccp etching equipment revenue increased by 14 per cent to 886 million dollars in the same year, icp etching equipment income increased by 414 per cent to 413 million yuan in the same year, and mocvd equipment revenue increased by 9.9 per cent to 9 per cent in the same year.
The rate was 46.05% for corrosion equipment and 35.42% for mocvd equipment (as compared to 1. Middle Reported overperformance, accelerated profit release - medium + 4.65pct). The rates decreased and profitability gradually improved.
The relatively low rate of growth was mainly due to a decrease of $330 million in non-recurrent gains and losses, with government subsidies down by $210 million for the same year, fair value change gains from advanced equity investments in Mid-Chu International and Sky-Engine, sustained investment in research and development, and continued successful expansion of new product categories.
Logical corrosion equipment has been used on the state-of-the-art production lines of internationally recognized clients and on 5 na 4. Three-quarter slowdown, four-quarter re-starting the processing of a number of key steps in energy-mime, less than 5 nm devices; at 3dnand Cccp, icp
They have been applied to the volume production of clients on 64th floor, 128th floor and above, and the company is developing very deep-wide corrosion equipment and processes based on Core 5. Non-core interest rate improvements are better than expected - household needs. In addition, the company fills tungsten.
The cvd equipment is currently being quantified through process validation by key clients. Based on the metal tungstencvd equipment, the company is further developing the cvd and atomic layer sedimentation equipment to achieve a higher depth-wide ratio and a smaller critical-size structure. The company extension equipment (epi) has entered the manufacturing and debugging stages of the prototype.
The silicon extension process is directed at 28 nm and below.
Stock restrictions, risk of capital expenditure escalation for priority clients, mocvd equipment demand and analysis of related report rating ratios in the market, and then averaged final rating as average market investment