On August 10, the company released its mid-2022 report. In 2022, the company achieved an income of 1.972 billion yuan, an increase of 47.30 per cent, a net profit of 468 million yuan, an increase of 17.94 per cent, and a deduction.
\triangleright’s profit margin performance was even better, with the company’s 1h22 Māori ratio reaching 45.36%, an increase of 3 pct on the same year, with an etching rate of 46.05% Māori for corrosion equipment, an increase of 2 pct from 2021; and a mocvd Māori rate of 35.42% for mocvd equipment.
2 pct higher than in 2021. As a result, the company achieved a net profit of $441 million in the first half of the year, which is equal to icp revenue, mocvd income release, and maintained an increase in hand orders. \triangleright as a domestic corrosion device \triangleright
At the forefront, the company maintained its ccp etching lead and its market share increased, reaching over 30 per cent on the production lines of some of its major clients, while the icp etching achieved revenue spread. 1h22 achieved icp equipment revenue of $413 million, an increase of 414.08 per cent, and ccp equipment revenue of $886 million, an increase of the same amount.
13.98 per cent. With regard to mocvd equipment, the company's previous rollout of mocvd for miniled production was ready to obtain 180 client orders and gradually cashed revenue in q2. As reported, the company was in the process of developing a variety of new products to be released. 1) Erosion: the company's development of a logical device in Damascus
2. Sino-Micro Corporation (688012.sh) reported in 2021 that it had made good progress on etching and carving machines for applications with a very deep width ratio, and would be entering the market on a continuous basis. In addition, the corrosion products had made ground-breaking progress and the sediments were being imported in an orderly manner.
In response to the technology development needs of clients, the company is also developing etching equipment at higher process nodes to meet logical chips up to 5 - 2022/04/04 nanometers, 1 x nanometer dram chips and more than 200 floors of 3dnand chips
2) lpcvd: The company's newly developed lpcvd equipment can be used for logical device connection, tentacle filling and multiple nodes in 3dnand, and has been validated through key customer processes. The ald equipment used for metal blocking layers and metal fence poles is also active. 3) epi: process below 28nm
The development of epi equipment for the silicon out-growth process is well under way and is now in the stages of sampling and debugging. 4) Mocvd: the mocvd device for the manufacture of silicone-based nitride nitrides has been validated on the client production line; the new mocvd equipment for the microlle application and the outer setup for the application of the silicon carbide power device for the manufacture of mcvd
With a variety of new products moving forward, we see companies growing on a long-term, semi-structured extension in two major areas: corrosion/film. Market position, with the promise of downstream expansion and nationalization dividends, maintains a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.