The lithium industry (002466) is non-ferrous, with its high-quality resources and leverage targets, and its giants return to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Investment logic: 1) The company, as the global leader in the quality of lithium resources while at the same time absorbing the resources of lithium mines and salt lakes, has a resource self-sufficiency rate of 100 per cent; 2) The continued expansion of lithium hydroxide production capacity is expected to reach 2.90 million tons per year by the end of 2022, fully meeting the new demand under the high nickel trend, and its performance is expected to continue to release; 3) Upstream lithium production is expected to continue;
With the rapid expansion of resources, the Green Bush lithium concentrates are expected to produce 2.14 million tons per year, and the tacama Salt Lake plans to expand the capacity of lithium carbonate production to 180,000 tons per year in 2022, and lithium hydroxide production to 30,000 tons per year, and to grow the global lithium resource giants, with rising volumes leading to continued high performance.
By collecting funds through the Hong Kong stock ipo, actively repaying bank loans, effectively reducing the size of liabilities, accelerating the landing of ongoing projects and optimizing the capital structure.
The company holds the shares of Tyllison, the Green Bush lithium, with a quality of 2.4% and a significantly higher quality than other hard rock lithium mine resources, and has control over high-quality, mature mining resources upstream. (1) The company will continue to expand its production around Green Bush: (2) the Yajiang Tsora lithium mine has a supply potential to release.
Strength: (3) participation in Zabuye, tiles of Tibetan Salt Lake: (4) the company has exploration rights in the Chilean Salt Lake and plans to expand the capacity of lithium carbonate production to 180,000 tons per year and lithium hydroxide production to 30,000 tons per year in 2022.
1.1 The vertically integrated industrial chain, with greater profitability and resilience to risk, was established on 16 October 1995. The Tianqi Lithium industry is China and the world’s leading, lithium-centric, new energy material industry, and is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong United Exchange.
The company’s strategic deployment of lithium resources in China, Australia, and Chile, with the advantage of a vertically integrated global industrial chain, has partnered with international customers to help power electric cars and storage industries achieve long-term opportunities for lithium ion battery technology.
The share of the company in actual control of Jiang Weiping, and his co-activist Zhang Jing, and Ange, is 29.55%. Chengdu Industries is the largest shareholder, holding 25.37% of the company’s shares. Of these, the company actually controls Jiang Weiping, with 90% of the day’s day-to-day business holdings.
The major subsidiaries and the participating companies with a net profit impact of more than 10% are Jiang Su Tinzi, Wenfield, Hung Tinqi, Chengdu, Chongqing, Tian Qilong, tla, sqm. Of these, the company's share in sqm is 22.16% and the share in sqm is received.
Once the purchase is completed, the company can strategically access the resources of Salt Lake Salt Lake, and achieve a battle against the high-quality lithium resources of the Salt Lake, and become one of the very few companies in the world with high-quality lithium mine and salt lake halogenated mineral resources. In addition, the sub company provides lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride, and lithium metal products from Hong Tianqi, Jiang Su Tianqi, and Chongqing.
The company’s main operations include the production and sale of lithium concentrate and lithium compounds and their derivatives. The main products are lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium metal and lithium chloride. Lithium carbonate: (1) battery-grade lithium carbonate is a positive material for lithium ion batteries and its derivatives.
Subsistence materials for electrolytic materials, downstream applications including 3c products, electric cars, electric bicycles, electric tools, base stations, storage power sources, etc., are also the basis for products such as nuclear industry, special glass, etc. (2) Industrial-grade lithium carbonate is widely used in lithium smelting, special glass, ceramics, selenium, electronics, etc., and can also be transformed into slag protection, lithium fluoride, lithium brominated, monohydrogens, etc.
Lithium oxide (Lithium oxide) series. Lithium helium oxide: (1) Battery-grade helium oxide is used primarily as positive material for high-energy lithium ion batteries, such as electric cars, electric bicycles, electric tools, and power storage power sources at the base station. (2) Lithium hydroxide at the industrial level is usually used as an important additive for products such as lithium-based lubricants, alkaline batteries, corrosive synthio-based dyes, etc., or as a carbon dioxide adsorption.
Lithium metal is widely used in the industries of atomic energy, aerospace, alloy materials, lithium batteries, controlled nuclear fusion reactors, synthetic rubber and pharmaceuticals, and is the preferred negative material for the next generation of high-energy lithium secondary batteries. Lithium without water chlorination is used mainly for the production of lithium metal, battery electrolyte, polysulfur ether, and can also be used as welding agents for aluminium, air conditioners and special cement raw materials.
1.2 A significant increase in revenue and net profits, expansion of business size. A significant increase in revenue and an increase in volume-led performance. Benefiting from the surge in demand in the area of new downstream energy vehicles, company performance achieved a net return profit of $10.33 billion, a quarterly increase of 11937.3 per cent.
Operating income of $5.266.904 billion increased by 481.4 per cent and 52.4 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year, which saw a significant increase in year-on-year performance, with companies recognizing investment returns for the consortium at $2.326 billion during the reporting period, compared with a significant increase in the same period the previous year.
In the first half of the year, operating revenues from the company ' s lithium mines, lithium compounds and derivatives were $4.47 billion and $9.83 billion, respectively, an increase in the same year. Starting with the first half of 2022, the company ' s Māori rate continued to rise, with a combined Māori rate of 84.3 per cent, compared to 5.3 per cent for the same period last year, a decrease of 37.1 pp from the same period last year.
In order to achieve this expansion, the company developed a three-phase chemical-grade lithium concentrate expansion project, the first phase produced 24,000 tons of battery-grade single water-hydroxide project, the second-year production of 24,000 tons of single-hydrohydroxide-grade lithium project, and the Su Ning An annual production of 20,000 tons of carbonic acid.
Lithium plant project. At the end of the reporting period, phase III of the chemical-grade lithium concentrate expansion project, phase I produced 24,000 tons of single-water battery-grade lithium hydroxide project, phase II produced 24,000 tons of single-water lithium hydroxide battery-grade project, and phase I of the plant project was expected to produce 2022 tons of lithium carbonate per year in Su Ning An, respectively.
Upstream 2 resources continue to expand, accelerating the deployment of the lithium battery area 2.1 continues to develop the high-quality Tyllison lithium mine, while at the same time holding a multiplicity of resources. The company holds the ownership of the upstream high-quality mature mineral resources.
In 2014, the company transferred 51% of the shares held by the company to the listed company. Through the holding subsidiary, tlea, the company has indirect possession of the Australian Lithiumstone Mine.
The chemical-grade lithium concentrate produced by Sen is sold mainly to the Tianqi Litex and Yapo, the chemical-grade lithium concentrate acquisition rights of the Tian Qi Litium industry are inherited by tlea, while the lithium concentrates purchased by tela from Telison are prioritized to meet the tla demand, with the remaining amount to meet the domestic plant and surrogate processing needs of the Tian Qi Litium industry. In 2020, the company introduced an igo for its subsidiary tlea, but igo did not have the right to buy the lithium concentrate.
According to the bda report, as of 31 December 2021, the Lithium Lithium of the Green Bushite mine had about 13.1 million tons of lithium lce (Lithium carbonate equivalent), the Lithium reserve of about 8.3 million tons lce, the Lithium of the Green Bushestone mine, which is the world's largest producer and reservoir of hard rock lithium, and the Green Bush mine, which is the world's largest lithium mine.
Earth, which accounts for about 32% of global lithium mineral production in 2020, and the Green Bush mine, which has been in operation for many years due to maturity, has the lowest operating costs, providing higher-quality ore, which means more efficient production and lower process costs. When production does not magnify, it produces economies of scale that further reduce the company’s Māori ratio.
The company has launched a series of extension programmes around high-quality resources. On the one hand, the raw material end-products were able to expand, with Telison owning 1.34 million tonnes/year of lithium concentrate in 2021, of which 1.2 million tonnes/year of chemical-grade lithium concentrate, 140,000 tonnes/year of technical lithium concentrate/year, while the tailings processing plant (trp) could be built in early 2022.
On the other hand, the company will expand its production around Greenbush, relying on three major production bases and Quanana, Australia, which produce 48,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year.
In 2008, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, which is fully integrated in the lithium industry, was able to take a picture of Sichuan Y.T. tons, the amount of lithium oxide resources was 25,57 million tons, and the quality of lithium oxide for the control of resources and extrapolated resources was 1.3 per cent.
The Tshola lithium mine, as a reserve of corporate resources, has not yet been completed, but the project is progressing steadily. If there are supply opportunities, the company is expected to speed up construction and seize the release window.
The Tibetan mining sector is the third largest shareholder in the Japanese-Kashtar Zabuye, and Biadi is the third largest shareholder. Japan-Zahbuye has 100% of the right to exploit Zabu, the world’s third largest salt lake in the world, Asia’s first lithium mine, with a well-detected lithium reserve of 184.1 million tons, a special, integrated and large salt lake deposits rich in lithium, baboon, potassium, liquid, and currently lithium concentrates.
In addition to the Sichuan lithium quartz mine and Tibetan Salt Lake, which have potential for release in the country, the company holds an indirect share of 23.02% of sqm. According to Wood McKenzie, sqm is located in Atacá in the Atacama region of Chile.
The Ma Salt Lake operation has the largest halogen storage capacity of 45.51 million tonnes lce, with a high grade, high storage and low-cost co-processing capacity. Sqm is also the world's largest producer of halogenated lithium. Its controlling salaldeatachama salt lake is equipped with high lithium halogen content and excellent natural conditions. At the end of 2021, sqm produced 120,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate, hydrogen oxygen.
In 2022, it is planned to expand the capacity of lithium carbonate production to 180,000 tonnes/year, lithium hydroxide production to 30,000/2.2 tonnes/year, upgrade the structure of the lithium farming industry, pre-positioning the lithium battery industry, expanding the capacity of the company ' s lithium carbonate production through endogenous growth and extended mergers and acquisitions. By the end of 2021, the company ' s lithium carbonate production was expanding.
The Sichuan launch site is the company's core production base at the time of its listing. (1) In the first half of the year, the company acquired the Milky Way lithium industry and transformed it into the company's Jiangsu Zhang Harbour base, the world's leading self-propelled battery-grade lithium carbonate production base, with capacity of about 20,000 tons/year. (3) The company is currently building its third largest production site in Xiningan, Sichuan province.
Two lithium salt production plants and the construction of a new lithium carbonate project, with an expected annual capacity of 20,000 tons, will be completed in the second half of 2023. Rapid expansion will result in product upgrades to supplement the lithium hydroxide slabs and enjoy high nickel dividends. In the past, the demand for lithium hydroxide in China was low.
Lithium production, with the exception of the production of lithium hydroxide at the shooting flood plant, the company’s new plant in Quinana, Australia, will produce only battery-grade lithium hydroxide. There are two periods in Quinana, Western Australia, for a total of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line under construction and commissioning, one of which is already in the trial production phase for 24,000 tons per year, and the second phase of the Agency’s suspension, which is expected to take place.
At present, the company designs lithium hydroxide with a capacity of about 5,000 tonnes/year, with an estimated annual capacity of 29,000 tonnes by the end of 2022 and an equity capacity of 17,200 tonnes.
The need for lithium metal may continue to increase if solid battery technology becomes widespread. In addition to participating in the next generation of batteries, the lithium industry is also actively developing the production capacity of lithium metal.
In 2017, the company completed the integration of the metal lithium company Chongqing Kunyu and set up Chongqing Tianqi, and is currently in the planning phase of the 200-ton/year metal lithium project, which is expected to be completed in 2023.
Operating and operational, with 1,200 tons per year of production in the second phase to be completed and operational by 2025, the company plans for the production of lithium chemical products in the medium term to total more than 110,000 tonnes per year. Four lithium electric companies are involved, keeping track of the latest developments in solid-state battery technology.
Company limited (3.26 per cent shareholding), solidenegysystemcorp. (7.49 per cent shareholding), Shanghai space power supply