Trina (688599.sh): Component operations, pressure, storage plate, steady and good.
It was created in 1997 to cover the development, production and sale of photovoltaic components, while the prices of power stations continued to fall and six months of performance was kept under pressure.
The output of the current component exceeded 32gw, with little change over the same period last year in 34gw, distributed system sales, network development and marketing of multi-energy systems, and energy clouding, and so on, working to become a global photovoltaic smart energy solution.
1.5gw, 53% down, armings about 3.5gw, 9% higher, and energy plates about 1.7gwh, the leader of the program. It's flat compared to the same period last year. Corporate net profits have declined, mainly due to the impact of the industry cycle, the glimmers.
Industry faces challenges such as supply and demand imbalances and increased competition in the market, with the impact of a continued decline in component prices. As the introspection deepens, the future photovoltaic sector is expected to emerge from price difficulties and wait for the industry’s profits to be repaired.
The next faster growth, the global battery energy system is expected to increase by more than 50%. The co-ops can be used as a link for debt and cross-stocking:
The technology platform, the persistently leading elementa large-capacity energy storage system, and the ability to deliver with strong globalization, achieves a year-round target of more than 8 gwh; and, with the increase in overseas orders, add up the cost and cost economy effect of the increase in the volume of goods, the capacity of the energy plate is at a steady low level of profitability.
Technology leads, multi-plate co-opts risk resistance. New technology for the company's continuous power cell assembly, autonomously developed 210 mm semi-finished industrial cell-size thorium ore/crystal silicon superstitious solar cells have created 31.1%, 32.2% world record efficiency; 210mm semi-constituent battery integration area
The 1185cm2 laboratory stacking component efficiency was 30.6%, making it the world’s first photovoltaic enterprise to achieve the layering component efficiency, breaking the 30% mark. While consolidating the world’s leading role in the photovoltaic component industry, companies have proactively expanded their coverage of photovoltaic silos, energy storage systems, photovoltaic distribution systems, photovoltaic concentration systems, etc.
Diversified business ecosystems, such as photo-storage integration systems, not only create diversified profit growth points that significantly enhance the resilience of enterprises to cyclical fluctuations in the industry, but also build value chain-wide service systems from single product supply to holistic solutions through the synergistic development of business plates.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Trinity (688599.sh): Component operations are under pressure, and the energy silos are in good shape.
The source of the east's wealth, the east's wealth, the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the Acid Energy (688599.sh): the component business is under pressure and the energy silos are stable and sound.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Ho Ha Qing, Wu Xingyang.
An analysis of your own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial growth in the East (688599.sh): The component business is under pressure and the energy plate is stable and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.