Component delivery kept industry ahead and storage was steadily moving upwards on 24/08/2025 \triangleright
A small decline in profitability and improved cost control. The sales of Māori/net interest rates of 25q2 companies are at the top of the industry, leading to an upgrade of the Topcon industry.
By 32gw, according to infolink, the first half of the year is still in the third place in the head of the industry. At the end of the product and the market, the company continues to lead the topcon technological advances.
The i-topconultra technology, the full range of product power and combined power generation capacity is further upgraded to a maximum of 750w, to minimize the cost of the system bos and lcoe. 700w plus the sum of the components is represented by the HDRN.
Scene-based products continue to lead, market shares continue to grow, high-value radiation concentrations and distributed applications are on the scene.
As of 25h1, the company's storage system has accumulated more than 12gwhh, with overseas markets achieving 1gwh + the size of the delivery. For grid-based grids, high-temperature deserts, and ocean island microgrids, the company has introduced custom-made decomposition.
In the first half of the year, the 60-day African single maximum storage energy project, Egypt 150mw/360mwh light storage integration project, became the beacon for large storage systems in the desert environment.
Building the full-chain co-ordinated capacity of "distribute-lose-store" to report on centralized power stations, new scenario solutions and distributions in the first quarter of 025: the volume of shipments is steadily up, the distribution of calcium has made ground-breaking progress in three major areas, providing replicable systemic solutions for the construction of new power systems.
2. Tri-quarter 2024 Tri-annual report point for titanium mines with a vision for the future (688599.sh) Investment proposal: company for photovoltaic integration head, forward-looking layout and mining technology, distributed light
Assessment: q3 performance pressure to accelerate the deployment of overseas capacity - 2024/3. Trina (688599.sh) semi-annual report 2024.
Quarterly evaluation in 024: performance in line with expectations, multi-operational agreement consolidation of competitiveness - 2024/04/28 Evaluation: steady improvement in performance, competitiveness by saving and shattering together - 20
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.