The Cheonan Car (000625), new energy use, globalization and intelligence opening up new space, the Southwest Securities Institute.
• Business analysis: 25h1, a small decline in corporate revenue was largely affected by increased competition in the industry, but sales increased by 1.6 to 1.35 million vehicles on a year-on-year basis, up from the same period in almost eight years. Māori was 14.6 per cent, up from 0.8 percentage points, and core business profitability improved. Companies continued to increase their R & D inputs and R & D fees.
With $3.28 billion, +12.8 per cent, R & D costs are 4.5 per cent; the financial cost is $1.96 billion, mainly for a new, autonomous energy brand: the pace of transformation is accelerating and the scale and benefits are beginning to show. 25h1 companies sold 452,000 new energy vehicles, an increase of 49.1 per cent compared to the industry average.
Vita's three major brand matrices are active, and the product structure continues to be optimized. The cumulative delivery of Chang An Quantue q07 in the first half of the year has made a breakthrough of 20,000: the cumulative delivery of the deep blue car has broken over half a million, the new model s09 has been sold for eight days and the Aveta brand has been driven by new models, such as 06, with a significant increase in the volume ring ratio. The company plans to land over the next three years.
Autonomous fuel trucks and overseas operations: the base is secure, the global layout is accelerating. The fuel plate is secure, and the classic models of the cs75 series, the vending series, and so forth remain at the forefront of their respective market segments.
As a second growth curve, overseas operations achieved sales of 299,000 vehicles, an increase of 5.1 per cent over the same period. Despite exchange rate fluctuations, the gross interest rate for overseas operations is still up to 22.3 per cent, well above domestic operations.
The launch of the European brand launch and the successful launch of the Luo Yong factory in Thailand mark a new phase in corporate globalization. The new Chinese Chang An Automobile Group is expected to further improve the efficiency of decision-making and create a new model for internationalizing the development of joint venture branding and smart strategies: profit-taking, technology-reverse exports.
The impact of the decline in profitability has been a 67.2% decline in corporate investment returns from 25h1 over the same period, and in the face of the challenge, the company has changed its model of cooperation and has begun to “reversely export” technology and platforms to partners such as Long-Ammad al-Ammadal, opening new avenues for value creation. In terms of intelligence, the company has been steadfast in advancing the Beidous 2.0% program, insisting on self-research and self-research.
Both lines of cooperation. Self-research sda architecture has been applied to brands such as the original source: at the same time, deepening collaboration with the Chinese-like ict enterprise, Aveta-wide and deep-blue-side driving program, product intelligence level, leading the industry. The company has been awarded the first L3-level smart network pilot unit in the country, and the country has acquired technological strength.
Given the intensive roll-out of the company’s new energy brand (Deep Blue, Open Source, Avita) and the rapid growth in sales, the growth in global demand for new energy vehicles and the competitiveness of their products has continued to grow. Foreign market expansion and geopolitical risks: new energy business has not improved as much as expected: joint venture brands
Risk of a continuing decline in performance. 1 Deepening new energy sources and intelligent car taps 1.1 crosses the military engineering base to the car tap
Corporate Profile and Development: The company was formerly the Shanghai Marine Artillery Authority in 1862, the Chang An Machine Factory in 1994 and the same military engineering unit