In the first three quarters of the year, a cumulative total of $3.28 billion, or 6.1 per cent, was realized; a net return of $64 million, or -69.8 per cent; and a weighted roe.
The company is known as Hainan Airport Facility Inc.. In 2021, there was a major asset reorganization, and in 2022 it was the first full year of formal integration into Hainan State funds.
Property management, hotels, etc. In airport management, 11 airports are controlled and managed for export, with the core airport being San Phoenix International Airport; in tax-exempt and business operations, companies are involved in the five Hainan Ex-Island tax-free shops and manage them in the form of equity investments, rental of premises, etc.
Operation of 6 real estate commercial projects, including Seagate Day Square; in real estate operations, total equity/flow (billions of shares) 25 projects under construction and land reserve with more than 3,650 acres of land; property management operators
In the case of the company, there are 165 pipeline projects with an area of more than 18 million square metres; the hotel operator has the highest/minimum price within 12 months and has five self-managed, commissioned hotels.
According to the company's 2025h1 report, the collection structure ratio was higher, in descending order: 42 per cent of airport operations, 23 per cent of real estate operations, 15.6 per cent of real estate, 4.6 per cent tax exemption, and about 14 per cent of others.
In May 25, the company disclosed a notice of its intention to acquire ownership of the airport. When the deal was completed, the company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries held 50.19% of the shares and became shareholders in the airport.
In the case of easy access, companies can combine the performance of the main airport in Hainan with the construction of the airport door at the port of Hainan. But due to the pace of consolidation, it is still to be seen. We have no ratings for the moment, based on the precautionary principle.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.