Li Tianfan, who lost in the first three quarters of 19th century and continued to perform well as expected, issued performance announcements for the first three quarters of 19th year, yielding $64,240 million, yoy + 9.32 per cent; return
The net profit of the mother is $4,128 million, the net profit of the parent is $710 million, and the profit of the same year is reversed. The ps is 5g, which has started a business of scale this year, and the company is one of the world’s leading suppliers of telecommunications equipment and will benefit significantly from the 5g investment. The company continues to perform well, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
In the first three quarters of 2019, corporate performance continued to improve, and business was gradually back on track: in the first three quarters of 19 years, revenue grew by between $9.32 per cent and $64,240 million, which we believe was driven mainly by the rapid growth in the revenues of operators and government enterprises. The net return to the mother was $4,128 million, which was a positive gain.
This is mainly due to the company's granting land use rights to Huanko, confirming the benefit of 2,687 million yuan. On a quarterly basis, 30 companies registered an increase of 1.55 per cent. We believe that the current construction of 5g is still in the process of being invested, that the company's related business has not yet started and that it will take time to release its performance; and 30 deductions to the net profit of the mother are 0.98 per cent.
Level. The net cash flow of the company ' s 3q operating activities, which amounted to $2.905 billion, started in the last four quarters of the year and gradually increased, indicating a steady improvement in the company ' s cash flow position. The third quarter saw a flat rate of Māori and a decrease in cost: Māori, 2019.30
The combined Māori rate is 36.46%, which is roughly the same as the same rate. In terms of cost rates, the overall cost rate for 30 companies ranged from percentage points to 0.62%, mainly as a result of lower exchange rate gains due to exchange rate fluctuations.
5g construction fast-tracking and continuous layout, significant progress: as of the end of September 2019, the company had 35 5g commercial contracts globally and 5g depth collaborations with more than 60 operators worldwide; 5g load-to-end products cumulatively delivered 20,000; 5g end-to-end commercial products and solutions, full series
Nr products provide full frequency, full-scale coverage; 5gnsa&sa double-model stations support a network of operators with flexible selection and smooth evolution. The Xon10pro5g version has been released globally, and the 5g room router is officially commercial in several markets around the world.
The performance of the company’s new generation of 5g wireless system chips and host exchange network chips has been validated in field tests. As of 15 June, the company submitted a further 3gpp5gsep (standard essential patent) of 14,24, the top three globally.
Profit projections: The 5g network has been launched, leading to an upturn in the telecommunications industry, and companies will be the first to reap the benefits as the global leading supplier of communications equipment. We expect companies to fall in interest rates and market shares in 2019, 2020, and 3. Trade friction between China and the United States has escalated.
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (i) @ agrees or stands, or buys, sells or offers the certificate described in the report.