Wei Hongmei, the third quarter of 2019.
The Division achieved 64,241 million yuan in revenue, an increase of 9.32 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of 4,128 million yuan, an increase in external influences and a return to normal levels of corporate revenue. According to the announcement, the company achieved 64,241 million yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 9.32 per cent over the same period, an increase of 32.58 percentage points over the same period.
Research assistant: Xiaolang has returned to normal levels and the net return to the mother has increased considerably. However, the quality of the company ' s earnings has declined as a result of increased non-recurring gains and losses.
The company sold Māori in the first three quarters of 2019 on October 28, 2019.
The q3 company invested 2,888 million yuan in R & D, a decrease of 16.67% in the same year, and 14.55% in the ring. Communications replaced 5g, and base station equipment began to develop. With the boom in construction of 5g, more and more countries introduced 5g network planning.
At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, China’s companies have advanced technology, leading to the development of the world’s 5g technology. Communications in China have grown rapidly and have had some influence at an early stage in the 5g layout.
As the company ' s supply of spare parts returned to normal in the second half of 2018, following a settlement with the United States, the public administration was gradually back on track. As of the semi-annual report in 2019, the Inter-China News had reached a cooperation agreement with more than 60 global carriers in the 5g area, and 25 5g commercial contracts had been secured globally covering China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China., China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China., China, China, China, China,
Europe, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, and other major 5g markets. The company uses 5g as a core development strategy, with sustained multi-year investment, continuous innovation, complete 5g end-to-end solution capability, and is fully commercial-ready in wireless, core network, carrier, chip, terminal, and industrial applications.
The core communications chip is fully self-researched and the third generation of self-researched 7nm5g chip will be launched in the second half of 2019; the base station equipment supports both 4g/5g double-modules and 5gnsa&sa commodules, a network of hardware tri-models, supporting the operator to achieve a build-up, long-term evolution; and applications in the 5g industry
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.