LanthyTech (300433.sz) showed a slight decline in performance in 2016, with a bottom-up recovery in the second half of the year, sending one share (including taxes) of the red stock to increase the capital pool by one share to every 10 shares for all shareholders.
With the arrival of the traditional season of the third quarter, the company’s earnings recovered significantly in the second half of the year. On the market side, while the overall sales share in the domestic market remained small, the same-year increase in 2016 was a 26.9 per cent decline in the annual net profits of shareholders belonging to the parent company compared to the same period.
Product innovation raises the Māori rate and continues to expand and increases the cost rate: the company ' s Māori rate for the whole year 2016 was 25.4 per cent, an increase of 1.5 percentage points from the same year. While income size has declined as a result of orders, efficiency gains in the company ' s production operations and scale increases in the second half of the year drive the increase in Māori ratio.
The Division ' s administrative and sales cost rates increased by 3.5 and 1.0 percentage points, respectively, and the financial cost rates were based on the same ratio, which remained stable and increased owing to declining income and continued investment in operating costs.
Future development strategy and business plan: The company's target operating income for 2017 was 40 per cent higher than in the previous year, with a net gain
A base for hair and manufacturing, East Shosong Hill Lake, as a base for brand clients 2.5d, 3d glass protection, special works.
Refurbishment and upgrading of the assets of the Zodiac Garden; 3) Continued emphasis on research and development on sapphires, precision, blues: improved end demand in the second half of the year and future growth of new materials such as ceramics, 3d-curve glass, new processes, new equipment development and improvement; 4) Strengthened tubes
Competition in the market for sapphire products has exacerbated profitability; production capacity and channels, including products such as sapphire and ceramics, have recovered significantly in the second half of the year, but revenue levels have continued to decline, while company costs have been met by future market development expectations.
(i) Lower net profits in 2016 owing to insufficient orders in the first half of the year, weak demand and pressure on customers to go to stock, resulting in insufficient corporate orders and a decline in sales revenue, although with traditional booms in the second half of the year
By the season, the company’s main clients’ product was released, but the size of its income continued to decline throughout the year. The market was better and the R & D costs of the inputs that it needed to save were such that the company’s net profit fell faster than its sales.
Companies are profitable, but the recovery in size in the second half of the year has also led to a rapid increase in the Māori rate. Corporate management and sales cost rates have been on the same scale, with increases of 3.5 and 1.0 percentage points, sustained increases in investment in operations, and financial cost rates have remained largely stable.
From the second half of the year, this led to an increase in the company ' s accounting period, with 73 days of inventory turnover, an upward trend, a liquidity trend in accounts payable, the capital structure optimized by the company through an increase in equity, which effectively reduced the level of its liabilities and the net equity ratio fell to 17.0 per cent. (ii) The net return on revenue in the fourth quarter of 2016 was gradually stabilizing.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the company achieved operating income of $4.59 billion, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year and a net benefit to the shareholders of the listed company, a decline of $410 million, a decline of 11.0 per cent in the same year. The company ' s operating income in the fourth quarter grew at a higher rate than the total year, the industry recovered significantly in the second half of the year.
Figure 9: Operating income and growth rates over the past 12 quarters
Figure 12: Major cost rates in the past 12 quarters. For the product segment, the company ' s mobile phone window shield continues to account for a major share, with a slight decline in the distribution of the company ' s income across products due to insufficient overall demand in the market and an increase in the number of major products in the Māori sector.
The most significant increase in the Māori rate for the protection screen of the medium-plate computer was recorded, at 10.7 percentage points to 13.9 per cent, with the main domestic share, but the domestic market has gradually become an important source of growth for companies. (i) The size of the major products has declined and the Māori rate has risen inversely.
The company’s business is mainly the windows of various consumer electronics and mobile terminals to protect glass screens, and other products, in addition to glass screens, include sapphires and ceramics. In 2016, the company’s mobile window shield continued to account for a major share, accounting for 64.7 per cent of total receipts, an increase of 0.8 percentage points compared to 2015, owing to insufficient overall demand in the market.
There has been a slight decline in revenues from the distribution of products to companies. With regard to product breakdowns, there has been an overall small increase in the Māori ratio of corporate products.
However, in the second half of the year, the profitability of the scale effect increased significantly, resulting in an increase in all product segments throughout the year. (ii) Revenue growth in the domestic market and a significant increase in the Māori rate
In 2016, sales revenues from the domestic market of companies increased significantly by 142.5% to $2.36 billion, representing a lower than expected share of total revenue, and earnings from overseas markets fell throughout the year. Although the foreign market remained a core supplier to firms on a proportional scale, and continued to open up domestic customer markets for new high-value-added products for the company’s future.
In the second half of the year, Māori rose steadily with the effect of the size of the productive market. (iii) Future development strategies and business plans: target operating income growth of 40 per cent by 2017.
Over the past two years, the company has invested heavily in productive capacity, research and development, and automation of production, with a marked increase in 2017, with the company ' s target operating income increasing by 40% over the previous year and net profit increasing by 50% over the previous year. To achieve these objectives, the company plans to build new productive capacity projects and work towards the year-round production targets: in the first half of 2017, the company ' s South Park in Sunyang Park was reborn.
The production base will further increase its investment to guarantee the volume of major new products produced by large clients in the second half of the year.
The base, which uses Lake Dong-song Hill as the company ' s production and development base for branded customers 2.5d, 3d protective glass, special function display products, and the progressive renovation and upgrading of the assets of Portfolio Photovoltaic (Hunan) Ltd. in the Rimyang Biomedical Garden.
Optimizing the allocation of R & D resources and keeping R & D costs under moderate control: companies will continue to maintain steady investment in technology R & D, ensure funding and resource security for important R & D projects, continue to focus R & D on new materials such as sapphire, fine ceramics, 3d curvatures, new processes, new equipment development and improvement, and tap markets in applications such as automobiles, smart homes, etc.
\triangleright III, Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Lower-lying terminal customers are less than expected; glass product markets, dominated by 2.5d and 3d glass, have become more competitive, affecting profitability; and production capacity and channel expansion, including products such as sapphire and ceramics, are not as high as expected. Financial statement forecasts and valuation data aggregates