The capital of oil in the Middle Oil Capital (000617.sz) 2024 and the performance review of the First Periodic Report 2025 (000617.sz) published the annual report 2024 and the First Periodic Report 2025.
The company's total assets in 2024 now make a net profit of $9.90 billion. The company's asset enhancement will help to improve its revenue and interest capacity, and the company's financial positioning is driven by the pressure of overall credit practices in the banking sector.
Focusing on the servicing of the hydrocarbon industry and the industrial chain, the loan allocation direction and regulations affected remain stable for a long period of time and are expected to continue to benefit from the company ' s revenue-earning capacity as at 30 April 2025.
In the first quarter of the year, the profits were reduced by reduced returns on investment and fair value movements in the bond market, as well as by increased losses on credit impairments. Interest business revenue increased steadily, and the profit spreads from industrial gold platforms remained stable.
The business base has remained stable, and in the context of the continuing decline in market interest rates, the company’s industrial gold platform, which relies on China for oil, is expected to highlight the stability of interest differentials, the company’s revenue base, market value management as a key strategic objective, and the dividends policy is expected to remain stable.
A “three six” approach to market value management has been developed, with specific work initiatives in three areas: business development, management of esg, market value management, which will bring together the current state of the company and future development strategy formulation in line with corporate development.
For seven years in a row, the company is expected to maintain a stable value and dividends policy of “no less than 30% of the net profit of the parent” and to increase the attractiveness of the company’s share price. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: middle oil capital is a market holding a financial license.
For full-scale integrated financial operations, companies are listed, their operating income is mainly based on interest income serving the oil chain, energy-related industries are more important in the national economy, and China Oil Group industrial chains are more stable, with interest on companies
We've chosen Peripheral Capital (000987.sz), Medium Food Capital (002423.sz), National Investment Portfolio (600061.sh) as comparable companies. The structure of middle oil capital income is dominated by net interest income, and we've used the pb valuation method for comparable corporate valuations.
(a) The risk of price fluctuations in capital markets; the risk of policy changes; and the risk of data errors by third parties. (1) The decline in the oil industry chain, the reliance of the company on the oil industry chain, and the decline in the oil-related business landscape will have a direct impact on the company ' s performance;
(2) The risk of macroeconomic volatility, which is less likely than expected to affect corporate credit, thereby affecting corporate profitability; (3) the risk of price volatility in capital markets, where capital market prices fluctuate significantly or lead to firm stock prices
and the valuation situation affected; (4) risk of policy change, and policy changes such as the downside of credit policy and policy interest rates will result in risks of third-party data errors, which may result in a measurement result, such as errors in third-party data
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.