Profits released from pig-breeding plates, improvements in feed and poultry plate profits 23st of 2020 Research Assistant Kim Hak
• The company issued a performance forecast: Fy19 is expected to return a net gain of $4.8-50.2 billion to raise pig farming: successful completion of the annual plan and accelerated expansion. Throughout 2019, the company produced 3.55 million pigs, of whom about 400,000 were born.
The plan was not downgraded throughout the year, and the target was successfully achieved. The combined cost was about $16/kg, with the cost of owning a pig of about $13/kg, the cost of buying a pig out of a pig of about $17.3/kg, and the ratio of outsourcing to about 70%.
After $670 million, it is expected that the pig-planting plate will return to the mother's net gain of $1.540 billion. In addition, the pig-farming plate has a minority shareholder interest of around $200 million.
Pigs cost about $20.5 per kilogram, while out-purchases account for about 16 per cent. It is expected that the operating pig-breeding project will make a profit of about $1.57 billion, and after deducting the construction cost of $250 million, it is expected that the total cost of the pig-breeding slates will be 6 million head, which will further improve the full cost.
For the first time, it is expected to reach 300,000; by the end of March 20 20 years, more than 700,000 pigs will have grown and more than 700 million will have grown, with more than 11 million new capacity, to accelerate expansion and ensure the achievement of the goal of exit.
The company takes advantage of the development opportunities and continuously enhances the development, market development and services of its products, continuously optimizing the structure of its products and improving its production, purchasing, manufacturing and service capacity. The company is expected to increase its feed sales by 11%, with the benefit of poultry.
Downstream farming is high, with a 20% increase in sales, pigs remain competitive, selling less than 9% when downstream production can be significantly eliminated, and aquaculture continues to catch up with an 11% increase in sales.
In 2019, the company made profit projections and investment ratings based on slaughter calibres: in the short term, the company ' s 20-year performance was highly definite and expected to continue.
Release elasticity; in the long run, the depth of the production capacity of this cycle will be reduced and the leading firms will expand rapidly with excellent anti-epidemic capabilities, costs, funds, land, and human resources reserves, accompanied by the rapid growth of pig farming into a competitive top business, with a robust feeder industry.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), Dong Wu Securities Inc. has an investment advisory committee on securities.