Year 2020: net profit from the parent increases from the same year.
▪ Focusing on the main industry of aviation defence equipment, increased efficiency and profitability The non-recurring gains are further compounded by the company's achievement of business income of $27.316 billion in 2020, i.e. +14.96 per cent of the year; the net return on the mother's profits; and the return on investment of $135 million to civilian aircraft.
• Improved management capacity for change and operations, and increased efficiency and profitability of companies are expected to continue.
In addition, corporate purchases increased throughout the year, with advances increasing by between $17.69 and $680 million, with a significant increase in the number of bills payable.
The company is the only platform in the field of fighter jets, the main products of which are the air force equipment, the main type of aircraft upgraded, of which the j-15 is the only aircraft currently on board, and the equipment for the next two to three years.
The peak period; j-16 is the new generation of the Air Force's main fighter type, which is a sound, optimized structure of my Air Force over generations, and 202001, which operates with a robust equity incentive, the main engine, which will remain the focus of equipment for some time to come; furthermore, fc-31, which is under study, will make the company viable.
Three generations of aircraft have crossed into four generations. At present, the number and quality of our military aircraft are at a disadvantage compared to the number of advanced countries, such as the United States and Russia, with more than 40 per cent of the total number of j-7 and j-8 second-generation aircraft in combat aircraft.
Our air force is now in a critical phase of strategic transformation, and we expect that the advanced warplanes will accelerate during the 1455s, leading to a steady growth in corporate performance. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: considering that companies will benefit from the strategic transformation of the air force leading to advanced warfare.
The acceleration of the aircraft fleet is expected to lead to further improvements in corporate profitability in the context of the military pricing reform, and I, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have an investment advisory committee on securities.