Business levers show elastic performance, Chinese Shen Fei (600760.sh) advance to account significantly improves the certainty of income growth
Events: The company published its semi-annual report, which generated revenues of RMB 15,922 billion, an increase of RMB 1 billion, an increase of 93.06 per cent, and the company significantly increased its delivery of q2 when its production delivery fell significantly short of expectations.
This has achieved the goal of balanced production in the first half of the year. The net gain of 949 million yuan (youy negative growth in performance (Yoy-42.3%) and the rapid positive growth in performance in q2 indicates that the company is entering a turning point.
Because, first, in the context of the arms war, the demand for downstream customers has increased significantly, leading to faster double-digit growth in corporate revenue; secondly, the profitability of companies has increased significantly, and the scale effect of the current Māori rate of production has gradually become apparent.
The company ' s 21h1 R & D cost increased by 134.6 per cent to 261 million on a year-on-year basis, some of which slowed the current growth in performance. We found that the company ' s current cost in absolute terms did not change much, as most of the M & A increases in income size could translate into operating profits, and the largest.
Uncertainty stems from changes in R & D costs and impairment losses. We believe that corporate leverage is beginning to show elastic performance, that marginal increases in future revenues are expected to translate more into profits, that large advances are on the ground, and that there is much greater certainty about sustained income growth.
Debts of $37.74 billion, an increase of 67.9 per cent from the beginning of the period, indicate, on the one hand, that the company has ample orders and sustained income growth; on the other hand, that the company has either received or received major advances of about $30 billion from clients, and that financial costs or performance are contributing to significant profits.
Our Air Force has a long way to go in terms of equipment development. According to the GlobalFirepower data, the United States acts as a major contributor to the new era of military industry, highlighting the urgency of downstream demand.
The world’s largest air force reserve currently has 13398 military aircraft, accounting for 25% of the total, while China has 3187, representing only 6%. In terms of holdings, our air force is only one-quarter that of the United States, and our population is four times the size of the United States.
There is still a long way to go for the future development of our air force, which is “unprecedented in a century.” There is an advantage, and as one of China’s only strikers on the market, there is a high degree of recognition and scarcity, which will benefit from China’s air industry’s great development over the long term, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.