In the first half of the year, the auto car spares amounted to $723 million, an increase of 69.90 per cent over the same year, a net profit of $2.650 billion for the mother, an increase over the same period, which is better than the constant heat of heavy cards, heavy-card engines for the company's home office and subsidiary, a re-carded vehicle, and a heavy-card transformer.
At the same time, there is a huge increase in product sales, leading to a higher than expected growth in corporate performance (the company announcement for the first quarter of 2017 predicts a better joint impact on the chain of heavy cards that is expected to remain high, or that the company will continue to benefit from the high performance of the chain of heavy cards with multiple resonances or will continue to do so.
The high profile of the heavy card market, which was recorded at 674,000 vehicles, a 73.1 per cent increase from the same year, was created by a combination of multiple factors: (1) reduced capacity of heavy truck-cars under overload control and the need for logistics companies to buy more vehicles to supplement capacity; (2) peaked in the previous round of heavy card sales in 2010 and 2011 at 1,015,000, respectively
And 881,000, which are now gradually entering a replacement cycle, with high replacement demand; 3) a sustained recovery in capital investment and capital investment and an increase in demand for heavy engineering cards; 4) a rapid increase in the volume of bulk logistics and demand for heavy mobile cards in the electricity-market era. We judge that with the recovery of global and Chinese economic growth, these factors will be beneficial.
The company is in a position to take a leading role in the consolidation of the gold chain. The company covers the whole car and three key parts (engine, transformer, bridge). The company's main responsibility is to produce the heavy card.
With engines, subsidiaries such as Chessi heavy steam, Shaft and Hand Bridge are responsible for the production of whole cars, transformers and Liu Wenting Bridges, respectively, the four major companies are working together around the heavy card industry chain to further consolidate their leadership in their respective compartmentalized areas.
In the first half of the year, 17,850 heavy card engines were sold by the company ' s headquarters and subsidiaries (a 100.8 per cent increase over the previous year), with the city ' s share increasing by 4.5 per cent to 30.6 per cent compared to the same period last year; 734,000 heavy car cards were sold by Shaanxi (a 94.7 per cent increase over the same period); the city ' s share was 12.6 per cent, the fourth highest in the country ' s heavy card enterprises; and Sakaste ' s sales gear was sold.
42.73 million (a 73.8 per cent increase over the same period), of which 70.1 per cent were in the city of the heavy card variable box, the company ' s deep layout core chain of heavy card industries is expected to benefit fully with the continuation of the heavy card industry. First, the medium-reported overperformance continues to benefit from the high growth in the volume of heavy card sales.
In the first half of 17 years, the company achieved 72.313 million yuan, an increase of 69.90 per cent in the same year; in the second half of the year, the mother earned 2,650 million yuan, a net gain of 3,732.5 billion yuan, an increase of 58.43 per cent in the same year; in the second quarter of the same year, the mother earned 1,470 million yuan, an increase of 139.24 per cent in the same year. In the first half of the 17 years, the company benefited from the continued heating of heavy cards, the company's own and subsidiary heavy-card engines, the re-carried cars, and the restocking of cars.
The high sales of products such as heavy card converters have led to higher than expected growth in corporate performance. The chain of heavy cards in the second half of the year is expected to maintain a high profile, with a combination of multiple benefits, and the company may continue to benefit. (i) Māori rates are stable and net interest rates are rising seasonally.
The company’s Māori rate has remained largely stable in recent years, mainly because of the scale effect of the company’s strong dominance, which is partly resistant to fluctuations in raw material prices. Net interest rates have benefited from a decline in the three rates, from (ii) three rates in the second half of 15 years, and from good operating cash flows.
A total of 13.81 per cent of the company ' s three rates in the first half of 17, a decrease of 3.46 percentage points from the same period in the previous year. Of the three fees, the management and sales rates showed a marked downward trend.In terms of cash flows, the company ' s cash flow has been good in recent years, with a net operating cash flow of $4,766 million in the first half of 17 years.
A 135.47 per cent increase over the previous year showed a good cash flow capacity for the company. Figure 4: Strong growth in heavy cards over the last 12 quarters, with full benefits from the core poles of the industrial chain
(i) Heavy card-consumption or will continue, with a high increase in multiple profit-added sales, according to the China-China Association data, cumulative sales of 674,000 cards in January-July, an increase of 73.1 per cent over the same period.
Tens of thousands, which are now gradually entering a replacement cycle, are in high demand for replacements; (3) sustained recovery in capital investment and capital investment, with an increase in construction-class card demand; and (4) rapid growth in the volume of courier logistics and higher demand for logistics-type cards in the power-market era. The benefits are expected to continue in the future and help to sustain high sales of heavy cards.
The company's owner is responsible for the production of the engine for the heavy card, the subsidiary's heavy steam, the scaffolder, and the Hanke bridge for the production of the entire car, the transformer.
In the first half of the year, 17,850 heavy-car engines (up 100.8% in the same year) were sold by the Ministry and subsidiaries, with the city rising by 4.5 percentage points to 30.6% over the same period last year; and 734,000 heavy-car cards (up 94.7% in the same year), with the city accounting for 12.6%.
The company’s 4th place; the Faust sales gear box of 42.7 million (an increase of 73.8% over the same period), of which the market for heavy card use was 70.1%, is expected to benefit fully from the company’s deep-cut chain of heavy card industries as the heavy-card industry continues. The heavy-card market is receding; and the prices of raw materials are rising sharply.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data