Wally Group (300979.sz) New customers and European markets drive income growth, short-term profit pressure textile clothing and textile manufacturing
Income growth was robust, and the volatility of old client orders combined with the ability of new products to climb short-term pressure on profits. 2025 The rapid growth of new client orders compensated for the volatility of some of the older clients ' orders. Net profit on return fell from 11.06% to $1.671 billion on a year-on-year basis.
The main benefits are from management costs (a 39.67 per cent decline in the same year due to lower pay for performance) and financial costs (two new plants are still expected to be in operation in the fourth quarter as a result of the start-up of production), a slowdown in corporate growth in the second quarter and a decline in profit margins by the same ring in the second quarter.
This is offset by a decline in operating profit rates of the same ratio, a decline in the ring ratio. Sales costs are equal to 0.3%, and management costs are lower than the same rate.
In the first half of the year, the company, The Wally Group (300979.sz) increased its income by 12% in the first quarter, and the new plant climbed down to 71.88%, of which 0n and newballance became the top five clients.
The company’s cooperation with Adidas is well under way, with factories operating at three major production bases in Viet Nam, Indonesia, and China having experienced 19% growth in revenue from the Wally Group (300979.sz) in 2024, and the recent addition of new plants to its output volume.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Customer orders are well stocked, capacity expansion and upgrading are well advanced, and the impact on the Māori rate is gradually improving. The company’s capacity utilization rate remained high at 95.78% in the first half of the year. The company actively promoted the construction of new plants, with new plants in Viet Nam, Indonesia, and China in the first half of the year.
The overall Māori rate of the company declined over the same period last year, owing to the higher number of new plants in the slope phase and the distribution of capacity. However, with the increased maturity of the new plant, the overall Māori rate of the new plant was the highest in the second quarter of 2025.
Investment proposals: Short-term profit load, improved build-up of new plant capacity next year, promising boosts, volume increases, mainly based on the rapid growth of new client orders, and the relative weakness of older client orders this year, mainly related to the branding cycle of some of the older clients themselves.
The rate of lubricant drops in the same ring, mainly due to the transfer of the production capacity of old and new clients and the ability of new plants to climb down the slopes, which are expected to continue to put pressure on profits in the second half of the year, while the latter is expected to improve on a seasonal basis as a result of the intensive production of new plants last year. The problem of old customers’ orders is expected to be accompanied by branding next year.
The trend upwards, and the tariff drops, have improved from caution to optimism; and if the new plant is able to climb well, there will be a clear performance contribution next year. We maintain profit forecasts, with companies projected to make a net profit in 2025-2027, respectively.
Income growth has been robust, with the volatility of old client orders combined with the short-term pressure on profits from new productivity climbs. In the first half of 2025, rapid growth compensated for some of the fluctuations in old client orders. Net profit returns declined by 11.06 per cent to $1.671 billion in comparison with the previous year; and significant optimization. Companies continue to focus on shareholder returns, with a half-year red mark of about 70 per cent.
Figure 2: The company’s net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) in terms of volume increases in revenue. The split price shows that the company sold 115 million pairs of sports shoes in the first half of the year, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period; the average price was about $110.45, an increase of about 4.2 per cent over the same period, and the increase in revenue was driven by a combination of volume prices.
The top five clients’ incomes fell from 76.61% in the same period last year to 71.88%, with 0n and newballance becoming the top five clients. The new strategic clients, Adidas, are working together well, and companies have already made production at their factories at the three production bases in Viet Nam, Indonesia, and China.
Subregionally, the European market (customer headquarters location) showed a sharp increase in revenue by 88.94 per cent over the year, with other regional clients earning +45.87 per cent over the same year, while the North American market revenue fell by 0.43 per cent over the same year, suggesting that new customers had opened up to the volatility of some of the older clients.
The impact on the Māori rate is gradually improving with the success of the new plant. In the first half of the year, the company maintained a high capacity utilization rate of 95.78%. The company actively promoted the construction of the new plant. In the first half of the year, the new plants in Viet Nam, Indonesia, China delivered 3.73 million pairs, 1.99 million pairs, and 670,000 pairs, respectively.
However, with the increased maturity of the new plant operations, the overall Māori rate of the new plant in the second quarter of 2025 has gradually improved compared to the first quarter. Roe levels have declined, and capital spending on the intensive production of the new plant has increased significantly.
The company’s new plants in China and Indonesia began operating in February 2025, and two are still expected to do so in the fourth quarter. Moreover, the company’s production of the bottom-volume production line in Vietnam in supercritical physical bubbles, as well as its performance and quality, have been recognized by a number of brand clients and continue to upgrade the company’s core spare parts for sports shoes and client stickyness.
Figure 6: Net corporate asset rate of return (roe)
The lower rate and the loss of old plant capacity, coupled with the higher number of new plants in the production uphill phase, offsets the optimisation rate, in particular the decrease in the management cost rate, where the sales cost rate was equal to 0.3 per cent and the management cost rate decreased by 2.9 per cent to 2.1 per cent.
Figure 11: Quarterly sales of shoes and unit prices of shoes Investment proposal: short-term pressure for profit, improved orders of old customers next year, and a build-up of new plant productivity climbs are expected to contribute to greater elasticity of performance
The rapid growth of new client orders, the relative weakness of older client orders this year, is mainly related to the brand cycle of some of the older clients themselves. Profit pressure, second-quarter profit margins, fall in comparison to the ring, mainly affected by the production of old and new client orders, and the build-up of new plant capacity, which is expected to continue to exert pressure on profits in the second half of the year, with the latter accompanying it.
The year-long intensive production of new plants is expected to climb up the slopes and improve on the seasons. The old customer order issue is expected to improve from caution to optimism next year, with the end of the tariff line. If the new factory is able to climb down the slope well, it will also make a significant performance contribution next year.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuations Performance expansion below expectations, weak downstream brand sales, and international political and economic risks The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author