Wally Group hualiindustrialgroup (300979ch) 1h25 short-term pressure on profit levels, 1h25 profibility undershort-tempressation
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) 1h25 orders and Māori rates are under pressure and profit is lower than market expectations. 1h25 Walli Group
Operating income of 12.26 billion, or +10.4 per cent, corresponding to 2q25, or $7.31 billion, has been the lowest since the year, mainly because of the relative weakness of two-quarter client orders, the impact of the plant-end Māori rate, and the need to improve the efficiency of the landslides of new plants.
The income tax rate of 1h25 is 22.4%, corresponding to a 2q25 tax rate of 25.1%, mainly due to the end of the useful life of 15% of the preferential tax rate in Viet Nam.
The growth in the sale of 2q shoes has not been as much as management expected, with older customers tending to be cautious but new brand customers contributing more and more. 1h25 company shoes sales have reached 117 million pairs, +8.1 per cent, of which 2q has slowed down at a speed of 1q, mainly due to the new United States tariff policy and retail end.
The impact of weak consumption drags the core clients to be cautious. For the old clients: the downside of the 1nike order is more pronounced, Wally management says that the core line of nike has been largely adjusted, and the nike collection guidelines have improved, and the company expects that the follow-up orders will be forthcoming.
Steady and emphasised close cooperation between the two sides, with new shoe orders, such as old dad's shoes, taken over in the first half of the year; 2vans orders declined considerably, but the overall vf orders were reduced by a relatively manageable amount as a result of allocation to the new brand; 3 deeckers orders increased slightly in revenue.
The company has been working with and supporting the construction of new plants since 2h24 with a steady increase in capacity release, and management expects a total of six plants to be working for Adidas by the end of 2025, with a bright start; 21h25 new new barrances and asics orders are larger.
Management anticipates that the future will be a significant increase; (3) A company has recently confirmed that the share of income of the top five clients has fallen from 76.6 per cent to 71.9 per cent, on and newballance in the top five, with a more diversified client structure contributing to increased macro-consumption uncertainty
Looking forward to the second half of the year, management noted that the United States tariff negotiations were still on track, with old clients acting on a monopolistic basis, paying attention to the actual sales performance of the three-quarter back-to-school season. Corporate capacity continued to expand, waiting to be repaired.
Efficiency has not been fully released, and companies tend to be cautious about adding to the list of older clients, requiring new customers to fill old plant capacity, and short-term power transfer has resulted in efficiency losses. Since 2024, the company has been investing heavily in six new plants, including the Vietnameseon factory, and the Indonesian Hoka.
The factory, the adidas factory in Viet Nam, the Newbalance factory in Viet Nam, the Sichuan Adidas factory and the Indonesian factory in Adidas.
Chen Fong Garden ashleychen