Production capacity is expanding steadily, and new client orders are being placed in the Walley Group (stock code: 300979) Sports shoe-making head enterprises with short-term fluctuations that do not change long-term values: companies as global leaders in sports shoes.
Manufacturers, relying on stable customer resources and globalized productive capacities, continue to consolidate core business advantages. In 2024, company shoe sales grew by 17.53% on a year-on-year basis, with both business earnings and net profits increasing.
Although the first half of 2025 was influenced by US customs policy and weak retail consumption, the core old customer ordered to slip, the super-incumbent plant is still in the climb-up phase, with lower production efficiency leading to a profit-making phase of stress. But the long-term development logic is that, as new client orders continue to be released, the new plant is operating at a steady rate.
Upgrade, the company’s fundamentals are expected to warm up gradually after construction, with a clear profit-making space. Optimizing global production and distribution patterns will continue to increase: companies will move forward in building global manufacturing systems, expanding production capacity in places like Viet Nam, Indonesia, and Mt. Omnibus, China, to form diversified, cross-regional manufacturing networks.
The company's new factories in Viet Nam, Indonesia, etc., produced 229 million pairs of sneakers in 2024, and Effira Dilimurati increased its capacity to 96.7 per cent, while the company's sales of sneakers increased by 17.5 per cent.
Overall operational efficiency, building a global manufacturing synergy system that supports long-term development. Focuss on high-powered clients, strengthening R & D drivers and delivery capacity: companies insist on high-quality clients, deepening their collaboration with international brands such as nike, deeckers, lululemon, and on
Long-term, high-profit client groups. With a leading flexible manufacturing and highly synergistic R & D system, firms are now able to make a rapid shift from design to volume production and have 2 to 3 weeks of emergency delivery capacity.
Special competitive advantage, continuing to consolidate its leading position in the global production of sneakers. Investment advice: as a global leader in the manufacture of sneakers, companies have significant advantages in production management, customer resources, production capacity, and layout, with short-term performance pressure, but as old customers’ orders improve the efficiency of new plants.
Catalog I. Short-term fluctuations in the long-term value of the head of the sports shoe manufacturing firm is the leading professional manufacturer of sneakers around the world. The company was founded in 2004 to focus on product design, product development and production of sneakers.
After many years of efforts, the company has become a professional head manufacturer of sneakers products, building a full-process service capability covering professional product development, scale production, global production, and fine product management, working in partnership with globally renowned sports brands such as Nike, Adidas, Converse, vans, onon, and hoka. The main production options are in Viet Nam and Indonesia, and in China.
Since the beginning of 2025, mainly affected by US customs policy and weak consumption on the retail side, the volume of the original core client orders has fallen, with 25h1 selling 117 million pairs of sports shoes + 8.1% of the year. The company’s equity structure is highly concentrated.
Don't take full ownership of the intellectuals, the loyalists, the elites, the glimmers, the glimmers, the glimmers, and the thugs. The tycoons hold 83.35% of the shares of the Wallies Group, which dominates the firm's equity structure and has a decisive influence on the direction of the company, its strategic decision-making and its management. As of 2025h1, the core shareholders have indirectly taken control of the company through the twilight groups.
In addition, the shoe industry held 2.63% of the interest in the Wallies Group, thereby consolidating the absolute control of the company by the core group of shareholders. Business income, net profit return, continued to rise, with a period of business income of 10.69% cagr and a net profit return of 21.02%.
In 2023, some of the company ' s branded customers were in a destocking cycle, which, combined with the uncertainty of the international economic situation, resulted in the firm ' s performance in consolidating its core class advantages and expanding its other product lines. In 2024, sports and leisure shoes, as core products of the company, accounted for a significant share of its income and constituted a revenue base. In 2024, company sports and leisure shoes earned $20,991 million, or 87.44 per cent of the company ' s total operating income.
At the same time, the increase in customer slipper-type orders in 2024, the strong growth of company sports sandals/slippers and other products, the increase in operating income at a rate of 125.76 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the significant increase in the size of the collection reflect the strong marginal profitability and growth potential of the group, highlighting the strategic value of high-growth product lines in enriching the product structure and upgrading overall revenue collection.
Māori rates are influenced by plant efficiency, with different product performances. Sports and leisure shoes are the company’s core product, and the company’s cost structure was optimized from 2020 to 2024, with a reasonable turnover efficiency. In recent years, the company’s costs have continued to be optimized through scalding operations. From 2020 to 2024, the company’s cost of sales continued to fall, and the R&D rate remained stable.
At the working capital level, companies accurately match production and sales needs, reduce the backlog of stocks, and the reservoirs have increased since then, but remain within reasonable areas.
ii. Focus on high-quality clients, enhance productive capacity synergy (i) deepen the global manufacturing landscape and drive efficient production and marketing linkages. Companies expand their production capacity according to customer order requirements and corporate development planning, building a solid manufacturing base and global supply chain systems.
In 2024, the company’s three new factories in Viet Nam and its first plant in Indonesia began to release further capacity in the month, marking the continued improvement of the company’s global manufacturing network.
Increased volatility in capacity utilization and a simultaneous increase in production and sales. In 2024, the total output of the company ' s sneakers was 229 million pairs, with a similar increase, with a slight reduction in capacity utilization to 95.8%, but benefiting from an increase in the share of high-value orders from new clients, an increase in the unit price of sneakers to $110/(ii) a focus on customer quality, and an enhanced core order support
Companies build stable customer relationships by virtue of their long-term accumulation advantage. Companies use a direct sales model, where sales customers are primarily global leading sports brand operators, such as nike, vf, deeckers, puma, underarmour, onon, and newballance, all of which are highly customized, and are based on the cost of materials, labour costs, manufacturing costs and reasonable profits.
Building on a combination of design development, product quality, mass delivery and rapid response over the years, companies have established long-term and stable partnerships with these clients, with an irreplaceable position in the global shoe chain. The top five clients accounted for 79.13 per cent of the total number of customers in 2024, and their end-of-service sales performance and inventory management strategies will have a direct impact on the demand for orders.
As a result, the company has continued to pay attention to client marketing trends and has been flexible in adjusting the distribution of production capacity to safeguard the stability and profitability of orders. As the company develops new customers, its core customer collection ratio has been changing in the first half of the year, and new customers, such as on and newballance, have gradually become core income-contributors to the company.
Proactively optimize the client structure, focusing on high-quality customer resources with growth potential and high profit levels. Companies continue to expand high-growth international brands such as lululemon and onon. In 2024, brand customer end sales showed strong performance, with deeckers now earning $4.288 billion, an increase of 18.2 per cent, and net profit growth of 47 per cent, while lulululemon earns $10.588 billion, net.
Profits grew by 17.1% over the same year, and onon revenues by 2,318 million Swiss francs over the same year, a 29.4% increase in net profits by more than 200%. These brands’ continued high performance in the terminal markets not only attest to their strong growth capacity, but also provide a strong boost to the steady expansion of firm orders.
(iii) Deeply coordinated R & D manufacturing to build supply chain leadership Companies have a well-developed supply chain system and leading delivery capacity to guarantee rapid response and efficient compliance with customer orders. Faced with the time-bound challenges of the sports, shoe industry, due to fashion trends and seasonal shifts, companies rely on strong design for development, shoe-making processes, and production
Management and human resource systems, building flexible and efficient supply chain platforms. Complete industrial chains contribute to the stability of corporate product quality, ensuring that products are delivered on schedule, and reducing the total cost of shoe-laying production. While stabilizing bulk production capacity, firms have a high responsiveness to emergency orders, which can be delivered as quickly as possible for two to three weeks.
Over the years, at the end of R & D, the depth of the manufacturing end has been synergized to effectively improve overall operational efficiency through technology and process optimization, and to provide reliable and stable delivery security for customers. Companies have continued to increase their R & D inputs to build efficient and accurate design and technological innovation systems.
The establishment of an independent development design centre brings together a large number of experienced development engineers and technicians who have a strong understanding of sports brands and are able to achieve a rapid transformation from design scripts to mass-producing samples. In the design process, companies provide targeted optimization advice to clients in terms of product structure, materials, processes, etc., and promote better product alignment with market demand and production requirements.
Research and development (R & D)-level inputs to fully prepare clients for high-tech, high-value product orders. Figure 16: Changes in corporate R & D inputs (millions of dollars)
With a long and rich experience, its production management efficiency continues to be a leading industry. In 2025, despite a decline in revenue growth due to weak United States customs policy and retail end consumption, revenue growth is expected to remain at a rate of more than 10% as new client orders continue to be released and the company's capacity is reasonably redeployed. However, owing to the underutilization of production capacity in old plants and the continued efficiency of new plants, revenue gains are expected to continue at a rate of more than 10%.
Taking into account the continued release of new client orders, the expansion of capacity to increase plant efficiency and the availability of repair space for older client orders, we believe that the company's current valuation is reasonable and that its medium- and long-term growth potential is likely to support the upward shift in valuation, covering for the first time, giving “recommended” risk that overseas demand recovery will fall short of expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risks.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.