The silicon industry (688126) benefits from imports, substituting tides, domestic production of semiconductor silicone taps, silicon industry.
..one of the hard-tech flagship rediscovery research series overseas, the company's major activity in the development, production and sale of semiconductor silicon tablets, is one of the largest semiconductor silicon-making enterprises in mainland China, and is the first in China to achieve a 300-mm semiconductor silicon-silicon-scale sale.
The company has now become a minority of Chinese semiconductor silicon enterprises with some international competition, with products from many countries. The company’s clients include Grovend, China-Chu, Hua-Yung, Hua-Yuan, and other cores.
The company has now become a mainstream manufacturing enterprise. The company has grown by 55.65 per cent over the past five years, and continues to grow rapidly.
The semiconductor silicon sector has a large market space and an accelerated process of import substitution. The semiconductor silicon is based on semiconductor material 300 mm polish and extrapolated blades, 200 mm and below.
China’s Crystal Generation plant, in 2020, accounted for 22% of the global production, production and sale of semiconductor silicon tablets, while the leading silicon industry accounted for only 2.2% of the global market.
One of the largest semiconductor silicone manufacturing enterprises on the continent, replaced by national production, the share of domestic multi-crystal silicon is rising, and some domestic manufacturers are able to quickly release. It is China’s continent that has taken the lead in achieving 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
The company takes advantage of the industry’s growth cycle and actively expands production.
By 600,000 a month, the subsidiary’s new technology will build a test line in the development of 300 mm high-end silicon-based materials with an annual capacity of 400,000. Companies have a strong national advantage in terms of technology, R & D, and customers, with equity incentives of at least 1.2 million silicon tablets sold annually in 2022.
In the hope that the growth process of the five major global semiconductor silicon producers will inform the import replacement and development path of domestic firms, we believe that: 1 semiconductor silicon industry cannot be supported by national policies, and that strong semiconductor industries will be required to sustain and combat breastfeeding. 2 In the context of the global semiconductor transfer of capacity, Japan will be able to provide a useful basis for the development of its products.
Ben, South Korea, and Taiwan have taken up their share of the market successively, and as technology breaks out, we believe that the share of the domestic semiconductor silicon market is expected to rise. The three semiconductor silicon header merger and capital spending are huge, industry thresholds are rising, and domestic semiconductor silicon head capital advantages and backlash are likely to become more pronounced.
Investment proposals: companies take advantage of the historical opportunities of the semiconductor industry to move to the country and actively expand production; Eastern financial and intellectual sources; Silicon industry (688126); benefiting from a wave of import substitution; and the rise of national semiconductor silicon taps.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, production and sale of semiconductor silicon, one of the largest semiconductor silicon-making enterprises in mainland China, and is the first company in the country to achieve a 300-mm silicon semiconductor silicon-scale sale. The company has now become a supplier to, and provider of, a number of mainstream semiconductor enterprises.
The company’s clients include chip-making companies such as Grofand, China-Chu, China-Chu, China-Rind, China-Rib, China-Rib, Eunjiura, and the Imitation Semiconductor. The company’s customers are located in North America, Europe, China, and other countries or regions in Asia.
Table 1: The main products of the silicon industry are 8 inches and 12 inches, radio-frequency front-end chips, sensors, molds, polish chips, extras, soi silicon chips.
Pocket, separation, power, 200 mm and less semiconductor silicon chips, storage chips, image processing chips,
Specs, extras, general processor chips, power devices, 300 mm semiconductor silicon chips.
The construction of the company ' s subsidiary in Shanghai began in 2014, with the successful lifting of the first 300 mm single crystal silicon in October 2016, the introduction of 300 mm semiconductor silicon full process in 2017, and the eventual construction of 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon silicon in 2018, filling the void in the industrialization of 300 mm semiconductor silicon in mainland China.
Table 2: The development of the silicon industry, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, the company is dependent on State capital, and the equity structure is concentrated. According to the company ' s weekly report of 2022, the two former shareholders, Shanghai State Seng Ltd. and Shanghai Group Ltd.
The State Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund Inc. held 20.84 per cent of the shares, respectively.
Year-round, but the capacity of the company ' s 300mm semiconductor silicon production continues to increase. Figure 1: Rapid growth of the company ' s 12-inch silicon business (in billions of dollars) Figure 2: Increase in the company ' s 12-inch business share
Corporate business income continued to grow at a rapid rate, with corporate net return profits improving in 2020. Companies grew at a sustained rapid rate of 55.65 per cent over the last five years. Figure 3: Rapid growth in corporate business income, Figure 4: Rapid growth after positive return of corporate net return profits
The company ' s Māori rate of 300 mm silicon silicon in 2021 was -6.17 per cent, the Māori rate of 200 mm silicon was 15.91 per cent, and there is still much room for improvement in the company ' s gross interest rate as capacity utilization increased. In 2021, the rate was 38.09 per cent for the ring crystal, 29.49 per cent for the German siltronic, and 23.87 per cent for the Japanese sumco, which is more mature and stable than for the overseas giants, and the company is currently in an investment period, with a greater Māori rate.
Figure 5: Corporate Māori ratios are still much higher than overseas leaders. 2. The semiconductor silicon sector market space and the import substitution process accelerates.
2.1 Silicon tablets - the most critical material in the semiconductor industrial chain The semiconductor silicone tablets, also known as silicone crystal discs, account for 35% of semiconductor material in the market, and are the first-largest in the semiconductor. The silicon is made of integrated circuits and various semiconductor devices by light etching, ion injection, etc. The semiconductor silicon is the most costly of semiconductor material in the industry.
Figure 6: Silicon material accounts for 35 per cent of the cost of semiconductor material, manufactures the most important material for the first semiconductor material, manufactures the semiconductor silicon as chip and is one of the most important links between our semiconductor industrial chain and international advanced levels.
If 300 mm (12 inches) and 200 mm (8 inches) silicon. The 300 mm silicon terminal demand is driven mainly by communications equipment, 5g, hand machines, data centres, etc.; most silicon tablets up to 200 mm are used in areas such as physical networking, communications equipment, automobiles, and industrial electronics.
The silicon industry (688126) benefits from a wave of import substitution and the rise of the national semiconductor silicon taps. Figure 7: The semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon is moving to large sizes. The main methods of preparing the semiconductor silicon silicon silicons are direct and regional molten methods.
The current industrial production of monocrystal silicon is usually based on straight lafa (cz method), which is an important method of making silicon monocrystals. The direct lafa (cz) silicon is used mainly in logical and memory chips, with a market ratio of about 95%. The fz silicon is used mainly in partial power chips, with a city field ratio of about 4%, with a higher resistance to silicon silicon in the region, but with poor mechanical performance, mainly for power semiconductors.
2.2 The semiconductor silicon market has a large space, advanced production processes and specialty processes are driving industry development. The future supply and demand gap of the semiconductor silicon is expected to increase, and downstream customer stocks are expected to decrease. According to sumco, the demand for semiconductor silicon is growing ahead of the industry capacity release from 2022, as a result of the continuous release of additional capacity from the crystal mill from 2022.
The global market share of China’s semiconductor market, which has continued to rise, is expected to reach 50% in 2025. As the world’s largest integrated circuits and separation devices, our country has domesticated separators and low end integrated circuits, but high-end chip production remains a neck issue.
China’s semiconductor silicon market was growing at a much faster rate than the global market. Global sales of semiconductor silicon were about $12.6 billion, an increase of 12.5 per cent over the same period, with 14.2 per cent over the same period.
China’s crystal-circle-generation plant accounted for 22% of the world’s total in 2020, while the semiconductor silicone-headed silicon industry ranked seventh in terms of its share of the global semiconductor silicon producer, with a city share of only 2.2%, with much room for improvement in the future. With the growth in demand for end-points like 5g, smart cars, and access to goods, global silicone output will grow steadily, with the ratio of silicone to advanced production ranges.
The special process silicon benefits from the intelligent process, with the share price of soitec increasing by 575% over two years in France, soi silicon or will grow strongly. Soitec was created in 1992 to open a new market in the semiconductor field with a breakthrough crystal-cooling and stripping technology — smartcutt, the fifth largest global market in the world, and the largest optimised bottom supplier in the world. Soitec owns the smartcut, smartstacking, epitaxy, etc.
Heart technology, mainly for servers, smartphones, industrial and automobile applications, cloud and object networks. Soitec was successfully listed on the European stock exchange in 1999, with a capacity of up to 2 million crystals per year.
Soi silicon, a silicon insulation, is one of the common silicon-based materials used mainly in radio-frequency front-end chips, power devices, auto electrons, sensors, and satellite chips. Soi chips require high-pressure, hostile environments, low-power, high-intensity chips with core features of silicon at the top and a layer of oxidation insulation between the supporting substrates.
In recent years, the semiconductor market has been warming and warming rapidly, and the global market for soi silicon has grown rapidly, driven by demand for downstream end-products such as smartphones, object networking, and automobile electronics. According to Semi, the global market for soi silicon has grown from $431 million in 2015 to $1,033 million in 2020, with a compound growth rate of 19.10 per cent.
2.3 The policy contributes to the reduction of the technology short-board, the acceleration of the import substitution process, and the acceleration of the production of semiconductor silicone. Since 2010, departments such as the Ministry of Trade and Technology and the Ministry of Science and Technology have issued a series of policies on semiconductor silicon development, tax incentives and industrialization relating to breakthroughs in the area of semiconductor silicon in integrated circuits, acceleration of 12 inches of silicon, etc.
In particular, for the full development of the semiconductor industry, which reduces or shortens the technology shorts, the semiconductor silicon, which is a strategic and emerging industry for the country, is strongly supported by policies.
In 2020, the Chinese Government strongly supported the development of the silicon industry by investing more and more silicon producers and expanding silicon production capacity, with a 13% increase in the combined production of crystal mills. From 2.3 million per month in 2015 to 47.17 million in 2020, the country’s crystal production is expected to grow by 2035.
To achieve 8,583,000 tablets, but the current gap in the quality of our production of the main silicon tablets, which is 200 mm, 300 mm silicon tablets, is high on the international threshold of semiconductor silicon upstream equipment and materials. 12 inches of silicon growing equipment is mainly in the hands of United States, Japanese manufacturers, and multi-crystal silicon is mainly produced in Germany, the United States and Japanese manufacturers.
The production process for semiconductor silicone tablets is longer ... involves a large number of processes. According to data from the semiconductor industry association, the main silicon enterprises in the country have planned a number of large silicon construction projects in recent years, and the total planned investment in silicon silicon mills on mainland China is expected to be about 11.5 billion yuan in 2020-2022. According to the equipment purchase list, 60-70% of the investment in the standard silicon production line will be used for the purchase of equipment on the production line, in 2020.
Figure 21: Crystal growth, grinding chemistry and polishing are the main silicon silicon pieces that are difficult to create, given the procurement of equipment, which accounts for about 25 per cent of the total investment in equipment, and Japanese ferrotec, which is the locomotive of the global semiconductor-grade long-crystal furnaces.
In 12-inch semiconductor silicone long-crystal furnaces, the central equipment used to manufacture silicon is single-crystals, which are made by the international mainstream silicone manufacturer, but the gap is also narrowing, depending on the purchase of solar equipment to improve the equipment. For example, both Serochemicals and Sumco are independently designed by the company or through a holding subsidiary, and strict confidentiality agreements have been signed, leading to high-specific monocrystal furnaces by outside manufacturers.
But Taiwan’s global crystal circle and several large silicon mills have been able to break through the equipment walls by purchasing Japanese equipment and improving their process. With regard to semiconductor integrated circuit long-crystal equipment, some of the manufacturers’ single-crystal furnaces have been replaced by national production, and the share of the country’s multi-crysilium is increasing, in addition to purchasing foreign silicon.
The technological gap has been narrowing, and the source of financial prosperity in the East, the upper semiconductor silicon material electronic-grade polycrystal silicon depends mainly on imports, but silicon manufacturers are fully competitive and produced in bulk, and semiconductor silicon manufacturers are upstream.
Electronic polycrystal silicon is more demanding than photovoltaic polycrysil, purity and impurity control, usually requiring purity to reach 99.9999.9% or more (9n-11n). Until then, only enterprises such as Wacker, Hemlock, Mitsubishi and others have been able to fully produce electronic polycrysil silicon products worldwide, with key technologies mainly in the hands of enterprises led by Germany, Japan and the United States, and some of these are now producing multicrysil silicon plants.
Some manufacturers in the country already have 12 inches of national production replacement capacity, which is rapidly released through certification by mainstream domestic crystals. According to Semi, the global volume of 300 mm semiconductor silicon in 2020 is estimated to be more than 7 million in 2022, while large 3. companies in China are actively expanding their production capacity, with a significant competitive advantage.
3.1 Consistent with the industry cycle, companies actively expand the technology threshold for semiconductor silicon, higher certification threshold, higher investment in equipment, some industry barriers, and less threat from new entrants. Semiconductor silicon is a key raw material for semiconductor devices, with less threat of alternatives. There are fewer domestic competitors in the semiconductor silicon market in our country, and there are few major competitors.
The existing competitors are more competitive because of their larger share of the global market, such as Japan, Germany, Korea, Taiwan, China. Figure 22: The current competitors of our semiconductor silicon are more competitive, the new entrants threshold is getting higher, the source of Eastern financial prosperity is growing.
Based on the size of the semiconductor silicone industry, the tcl centre ring, the tcl, the Liang Wei and the Chinese crystal technology semiconductor silicon business, the share of the domestic market in 2021 was 16 per cent, 13 per cent, 9 per cent and 2 per cent, respectively.
Figure 24: The share of semiconductor silicon (8 inches) in the country continues to grow. The company has a large cycle of industrial development and actively expands production. 200 mm silicon: the subsidiary will add 313.2 thousand 200 mm semiconductor per year: 300 mm silicon: the company will add a further 300,000 silicon per month on the basis of 300,000 tablets per month in the previous period.
The company’s 300 mm silicon production capacity will amount to 600,000 units per month after the project is completed. The subsidiary’s new technology will build a test line in the development of 300 mm of high-end silicon-based materials with an annual capacity of 400,000 pieces.
The company, as the first firm in mainland China to achieve a 300 mm semiconductor silicon-scale sale, is now in possession of straight single crystal growth, straight magnetic field pull, single crystal growth, hot field simulation and design, large diameter silicon line cutting, high accuracy roll round, high efficiency low stress line cutting, chemical corrosion, double-sided grinding,
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is the key technology in the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets, such as grinding on the edges, double-sided polishing, single-sided polishing, margin polishing, silicon cleaning, etc..2 The core research and development staff have an outstanding capacity for innovation, and industry leaders have joined forces to actively promote corporate development.
Under the leadership of the company’s core technical staff, Dr. Lee, Dr. Wangqingyu, and Dr. Athehaapalinna, the company has established a technological team of 300 mm semiconductor silicon and soi silicon silicon silicon with a high level of technological accumulation and human reserves.
The company’s 300 mm semiconductor silicon core process and pool of talent provide technical and human security for the company to further upgrade its 300 mm semiconductor silicon technology and expand its production scale.
The internationalization team, headed by Dr. Athehaapalinna, with more than 20 years of experience in the soi silicon industry, has promoted the development and application of a wide range of technologies such as companies c-soi, e-soi, simband, and has acquired the smartcuttmsoi silicon manufacturing technology in an authorized manner, maintaining a deep and stable partnership with a number of clients for more than a decade.
In April 2020, the company appointed Mr. Qiu Tseyun as its President and actively promoted corporate development. Qiu Tseun became the Senior Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer of China Rainbow International Management Ltd. since May 2019, and was the President and Chief Executive Officer of China China China.
International CEO and Executive Director.3 Recognition of domestic and foreign clients provides a customer base for certification of new products.3 As a result of sustained efforts, companies have now become a small number of semiconductor silicon enterprises in China with a certain degree of international competitiveness, with many domestic and foreign products.
At present, some of the company’s 300 mm semiconductor silicon products have been certified by several domestic and international chip manufacturing firms, such as Grovend, China-Cholel International, China-Board Macro, Hua Liu Wei, Long River Storage, Long Ribbon Storage, etc. The company has a good partnership with mainstream chip manufacturing firms, both within and outside the country, that will provide a customer base for product certification for 300 mm high-end silicon research and development and advanced manufacturing projects for this new integrated circuit.
In terms of employee incentives, the company ' s incentives cover no more than 5.87 per cent of the company ' s total equity, and the terms of reference impose a higher test requirement for 12 inches, highlighting the company ' s confidence in development.
What are our conclusions about the growth of the five major global semiconductor silicon producers?
The United States completed the original accumulation of semiconductor technology in 1950s-1970s, leading the global semiconductor value chain, and the United States company Memc, Monsanto Electronic Materials, developed rapidly. In 1958, in the laboratory of Texas, Dallas, Texas, United States, Engineer Jack.
• Kilby succeeded in realizing the idea of integrating electronic devices into a semiconductor material. Memc contributed significantly to technological development in the silicon crystal circle industry. For example, the cmp process was used to solve the problem of chip scratching, oxygen control problems, ozone was first used in silicon cleaning, hydrogen fluorine and ozone combinations were first used in silicon cleaning sequences, 1979.
The year saw memc supply about 80% of the fz crystals in the United States. However, memc was acquired by Taiwan 's ring crystals in 2016 after a split acquisition.2 Germany ' s siltronic (the original) was founded in 1953, relying on its former parent company, Wacker multi-silicon, to support the excellence of the European auto mechanics industry, and has maintained its world silicon head status.
The first 200-mm silicon chip was developed in 1984 by Wak-chemitronic, followed by the first 300-mm silicon chip project in 1990 and the production of 300-mm silicon chip in 1998. Siltronic was listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in 2015.
The pre-siltronic parent company, Wacker Germany, is a market leader in organic silicon, polymers, fine chemicals, multi-crystal silicon, and semiconductor, and has played a significant role in the supply of raw materials and technical support for the creation of the world. Eurosin has a clear advantage in the automotive industry and mechanical engineering, with strong competitiveness in the power semiconductor and vehicle semiconductor fields, such as British Flying, Engjipur and the Iifa semiconductor consistently ranking in the global idm industry.
The industrial background gave birth to the third largest silicon enterprise in the world, Genesis Electronic.3 With the rise of semiconductors in Japan in the 1980s and the continuation of the process in the 1990s, the Japanese silicone crystal round industry gained a very good window, and continued technological development and expansion took place to the top of the world. In 1970-1979, the United States made the semiconductor industry the economy of Japan.
Instead of studying the process, crystal growth and testing, Japan spent 130 billion yen. Japan reached the same market share as the United States in the global semiconductor market in 1985 and has since achieved a counter-surplus. Figure 25: Japan’s semiconductor market share began to catch up with the United States in 1986
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Japan’s semiconductor silicon miller, seized the key node of the 8 inch shift to the 12-inch crystal circle, continuously increased capital spending, becoming the age of the global semiconductor silicon, raising the capacity of the White River factory to 300,000 a month. By 2005, the more than 50% of the global market share of 300 mm crystals, Japan.
In January 2017, the group acquired 51% of the shares of lgsiltron and renamed it ksiltron, the largest semiconductor silicon company in Korea.
In 1986, Korea invested 87.9 billion won in research and development in 4 mdrams, with companies funding 37.9 billion won, industry recyclical investments, and Korea becoming a global repository leader.
5 Taking advantage of the historic opportunity of the global semiconductor crystal circle, the globe crystal circle became the world’s semiconductor silicon head. In 1981, the Central American Silicon Group was founded in Taiwan, the New Bamboo Science Industrial Park, which partially dismantled the semiconductor industry in 2011, and the global crystal circle was formally established. Through multiple acquisitions, the globe crystal circle perfected its own product lines, expanded its business coverage, and further enriched its high-quality client resources, accounting for 14 per cent of the world’s fourth largest global market in 2018.
Taiwan, China, seized the historic opportunity of a transformation of the semiconductor industry’s business model, took a place in the global semiconductor chain. The power plant, established in 1987, has grown into the world’s largest crystal circle factory, with 52% of the world’s surrogate industry in 2018.
The number of global crystals orders continues to grow, with opportunities for home-based manufacturers to cooperate. According to icinsights, Japan’s trans-national chemistry in 2020, Japan’s Sumco, Taiwan’s ring crystal round, Germany’s siltronic and Korea’s ksiltron combined market share exceeds 85%.
Figure 27: The global semiconductor silicon silicon cr5 accounts for over 85% of capital spending on semiconductor silicons overseas, with vertical extension and horizontal expansion of the industrial chain. According to Sumco, the construction of a monthly production of 10,000 pieces of 300 mm semiconductor silicon would cost at least 200-300 million yuan to be built in 2-3 years.
Table 10: Overseas semiconductor silicon silicon taps and acquisitions are continuously integrated. Semiconductor crystal mills need to expand production capacity, improve technological processes, and capital expenditure as a share of revenue is higher.
For 3.8 billion, or 20% of the revenue; and 1.3 billion yuan, or about 9%, of the global crystal round’s capital expenditure. Based on the above, we consider that: 1 semiconductor silicon industry cannot be supported by national policies; strong semiconductor industries need constant support and anti-breeding; 2 Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan have taken up market share in the context of global semiconductor capacity migration to Asia.
The market is expected to increase for semiconductor silicon in the country. Mergers and acquisitions of three semiconductor silicone taps and capital spending are huge, industry thresholds are rising, and the financial and back-generation advantages of the domestic semiconductor silicone taps may be more pronounced.
Silicon Industries (688126): Benefiting from a wave of import substitution, the rise of a national semiconductor silicon tap, the company seized the historic opportunity of a domestic transfer of the semiconductor industry and actively pursued the expansion of production to raise the city’s share. We expect the company to return to its motherland in 2022-2024, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Eung Hing Securities Insight Report (688126): The rise of the national semiconductor silicon silicon silicon taps has benefited from a wave of import substitution.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East analyzes his own research views.
Eung Hing Securities Insight Report (688126): The rise of the national semiconductor silicon silicon silicon taps has benefited from a wave of import substitution.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.