Investment rating: purchase of (first) semiconductor silicone taps, piloting of semiconductor silicon national production.
Founded in 2015, the company has been focusing on the semiconductor silicon business since its inception, as the country's “02-specific” 300-mm silicon research and development mission, leading the 300-mm semiconductor.
Silicon film taps. The product size currently covers 300 mm, 200 mm, 150 mm, 125 mm and 100 mm. The product category covers semiconductor polishing, extrapolated, soi silicon silicon and is configured in other semiconductor materials such as volatilized film materials, photo masks, and other semiconductor materials, taking into account production.
• China’s continental chip manufacturing capacity is growing rapidly, and the local semiconductor silicon tap profit point is now in place.
Semi expects to add more than 30 new 300-mm chip manufacturing plants globally between 2020 and 2024, of which 11 will be added to Taiwan, eight to mainland China, 20 per cent of the year in mainland China, and companies as semiconductor silicon taps in mainland China, with full product coverage and capacity.
For the first quarterly loss in the market, we believe that the company, as the indigenous semiconductor silicon dragon, continues to grow in scale, that the profit point is now in place and that it is expected to continue to benefit from this round of national mass-scale silicon production, and that the effects of the upscaling in volume are becoming apparent.
One billion square inches will rise to 8,476 million square in 2020, with a market share of more than 9 billion square feet from silicon silicon and a market share close to 70% from 300 mm silicon.
5 million units, the largest domestic production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon squares, and full coverage of applications such as logic, storage, image sensors (cis), continued to grow in capacity utilization, and the volume of monthly shipments was innovative; 200 mm and below were produced.
On the other hand, the company ' s new tech soi production capacity has been raised from 30,000 to 40,000 per month, and the company ' s 200mm semiconductor-specific silicon silicon expansion project in Vantaa, Finland, will be further expanded to include 200 mm semiconductors for mems and radio frequency applications.
Photofilm capacity, which will result in a total of 313.2 million pieces of 200 mm semiconductor polishing year. The company has an additional $5 billion in funding for the development of 300 mm of high-end silicon silicon and 300 mm of high-end silicon-based material development projects, which will increase the capacity of 300 mm of silicon.
More than 600,000 units per month, further spread of silicon production costs and depreciation costs to bring the company to scale, close the gap with the overseas giants, and open the door to long-term growth of the company. Production capacity is not built as expected, new products are not being developed as fast as expected, and the external environment is disturbing the industrial chain.
The semiconductor silicon conglomerates company, leading the semiconductor silicon silicon national product, has a full product coverage. The silicon industry (all known as the Shanghai Silicon Industries Group Ltd.) was established in 2015 and successfully landed in 2020.
Founder, the company has been focusing on semiconductor silicon business since its inception, and has evolved over the years into a domestic semiconductor silicone tap. The main products are now 300 mm polished, extra-extended and 200 mm and lower polished, extra-extended, soi silicon, and the products are widely used for generic processor chips, powerware, storage.
Chips, image treatment chips, radio frequency chips, simulation chips, separation devices, sensors, etc.
Eastern and physical controllers, the Shanghai Group and the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund each hold 20.84% of the company’s shares, and are listed as the company’s first shareholder, with stable equity structures that facilitate corporate governance.
Powerful and recognized by large funds will also contribute to the long-term healthy development of companies.1.2 The product matrix is rich, the company’s performance is growing at a high rate at the end of the income spectrum, and overall growth is maintained at a high rate, with a steady rise in the 300-mm silicon silicon crop ratio between 2016 and 2021.
Corporate revenues rose from $270 million to 2,467 million, and cagr to 55.65 per cent, of which 300 mm silicon film industry revenues rose from 250 million yuan in 2017 to 688 million yuan, representing an increase from 3.60 per cent to 27.89 per cent, and 2022h1 company Silicon business revenues reached 688 million yuan, close to the year 2021.
The industry has been prominent in achieving the “0 to 1” breakthrough for domestic firms. The Division’s investment in research and development has been increasing.
At the profit end, the net profit is lost on the first quarterly basis, but not on the mother. At the profit end, the beneficiary semiconductor, the industry climate is rising and the company’s net profit on non-repatriation has been released, with the company’s net profit increasing since 2020. 2022q2 net profit on the non-contribution is $28 million, resulting in the first quarterly loss on the market, reflecting the company’s capacity to produce.
The overall Māori sales rate has remained stable, while the low Māori sales rate of 300 mm silicon is mainly due to the pre-construction period, the higher share of fixed costs, such as machinery, plant and equipment, and the higher profile of the beneficiary industries since 2020, with the company ' s Māori rate starting.
Figure 7 Net profit from non-mortality (millions of yuan) 2 Industries with a strong downstream demand, national production can be replaced by 2.1 silicon tablets: an important building block in the semiconductor industry
Silicon is the main vehicle for semiconductor devices. Thanks to silicon excellence in physical performance (high melting point, large restricted bandwidth) and rich storage (about 27% of the Earth's crust), silicon-based semiconductor materials are currently the most productive and most widely used semiconductor materials, and more than 90% of semiconductor products are made from silicon-based materials.
Silicon crystal discs, which are the main carriers of all types of semiconductor devices, account for 35 per cent of the global cost of the semiconductor material industry, and are the most used semiconductor material.
The cost ratio of materials in the semiconductor industry is illustrated in figure 10, where silicon is classified in a variety of ways, and the large size is the trend. Silicon is used in a wide variety of ways. Silicon can be divided by sizes of 6 inches, 8 inches and 12 inches.
The size of the silicon is the trend, the larger the size of the silicon, the greater the number of chips made on a single silicon, and the lower the cost of the unit chip. At the same time, the creation of rectangular chips on a circular silicon will make areas on the edge of the silicon impossible.
The smaller the size of the silicon, the smaller the loss of the edges, the greater the cost of further reducing the chips. 2.2 Industry prospects: multiple applications downstream and continued high demand for silicon.
Semiconductor material is located upstream of the semiconductor industrial chain, and is the largest segment of the semiconductor industrial chain. As the semiconductor industry as a whole has grown in volatility, the semiconductor material industry has continued to benefit in recent years, with global overall market space (manufacturing + sealing) reaching about $64.3 billion in 2021.
Downstream demand is strong, silicon silicon output continues to grow. Since 2017, the market for semiconductor terminals has needed to be strong, while the market for computers, mobile communications, solid hard drives, industrial electronics has continued to grow in the traditional downstream applications, the rapid development of new applications such as artificial intelligence, block chains, material networking, car electronics, and the demand for silicon chips.
And the water rises. The supply of silicon in 21 years is far below demand, especially 12 inches, and then affects the global crystal circle, with an overall increase of 14 to 14.2 billion square inches, while Techcet predicts an expected 6 per cent increase in volume in 2022, with wide market space in the future.
The 12 inch silicon deficit will last until 24 years, and smartphone demand will continue to take the lead. According to Sumco: 12 inches of silicon as the fastest growing silicon product in the future, supply will continue to be in short supply. While the major producers are actively expanding their capacity, the market will remain supply-less than demand until 2024, depending on the impact factor.
As you can see, smartphones are still the main driving force behind the growth in the demand for 12 inches of silicon, while data centres and smart cars are also growing faster.
Figure 17, factors influencing the growth of demand for 12 inches of silicon, 2.3 competitive patterns: a long-term monopoly of overseas taps, replacement of domestic domestic production by domestic demand, over 85% of the silicone industry, and strong advantages for overseas producers. The global semiconductor silicon market is now dominated by the global market for silicon.
In 2021, the world’s top five semiconductor silicone companies, trans-chemicals, sumco, siltronic, global crystal circle, and sksiltron combined sales accounted for 86.6% of global semiconductor sales in the silicon industry, with a high market concentration.
There are a number of advantages: one product is more varied, easy to choose from and more attractive to customers. 2 overseas silicon plants have a higher level of trade, and the purity and efficiency of silicons require long periods of accumulation of test errors and continuous optimization of the process. With high technology, technology determines the high purity and high efficiency of their silicons. At the same time, high rates can share the cost of manufacturing and increase profitability.
In their development, three of the world’s leaders have opted for rapid expansion through M&As, as in the case of the acquisition of Germany’s creation by the Transworld in 2020, which will directly trigger the creation of the second largest silicon producer in the world. Although the deal was eventually shut down by the government, the brutal growth patterns of overseas manufacturers can be seen.
Figure 19 Global Silicon Heading and Purchase History, Chart 18 Global Semiconductor Silicon Industry Competition Patterns Domestic silicon Development Blocked and Long, Domestic Markets Drive Industry Expansion. International Major Semiconductor Silicon Supply
In mainland China, the semiconductor silicon firm started late, with a weaker core of critical equipment and silicon monocrystal pulls, polishes, exteriors, etc., with a smaller share of the market, most of which are dominated by the production of 200 mm or less polished and extrapolated tablets. As a core growth area for semiconductor consumption markets and semiconductor material consumption, our country is in 5g and new.
Key areas such as energy automobiles and access to goods are at the top of the world, with large internal demand driving the development of the domestic silicon sector, adding policy support effects, and the pace of expansion of domestic producers will gradually catch up with the leading offshore firms. Figure 20 Size of the semiconductor silicon market on mainland China
Figure 212015-2025 Projected scale of production of China ' s silicon tablets (millions) Figure 22 Large silicon producers ' expansion plans 3 National silicon leading companies to accelerate national production substitution
The company uses endogenous growth and extended M&A to create a layout of multi-product lines in the field of semiconductor silicon, which are developed, produced and marketed by three controlled subsidiaries, namely, Shanghai Shining, New Pronoun Technologies, and Finland Okmetic.
Focusing on high-end simulation chips, advanced sensor silicon markets, with products ranging from 200 mm to less than half-conductor polishers and soi silicon tablets, the company completed the privatization acquisition of kmetic in 2016; and new proud technology was created by microsystems in 2001 and consists mainly of 200 mm to less than half-conductor polishers and soi silicon tablets.
Extensive use of chip products such as radio frequency front end chips, power devices, sensors and silicon optical devices, completed acquisition of new technology in March 2019; Shanghai New Year was established in 2014 with 300 mm semiconductor polishing and extrapolation chips, extensive application of products to storage chips, image processor chips, generic processor chips and power devices
For example, in July 2016, the company completed its acquisition of the new silicon in Shanghai, and the technology is leading the country. As a large semiconductor silicon manufacturing company on the continent, the company has achieved full coverage of the silicon production chain technology, with a complete nuclear package of 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
Heart technology. This includes, inter alia, monocrystal growth, straight-laden monocrystal growth, magnetic field straight-lacing monocrystal growth, heat field simulations and design techniques; roll-on and cutting technology, high-precision roll-out technology, high-efficiency and low-resilient-line cutting technology; and, grinding technology, dual-face grinding technology.
Edge grinding techniques; two-sided polishing techniques, one-sided polishing techniques and peripheral polish techniques; soi technology, simox technology, binding technology, simband technology; chemistry, corrosion technology, cleaning technology, outreach technology and measuring technology.
The technology has broken through a number of key core technologies in the field of semiconductor silicon manufacturing, breaking the situation of our 300 mm semiconductor silicon with a national production rate of almost zero per cent.
The semiconductor silicon is one of the core raw materials for chip manufacturing, the chip manufacturing industry is very demanding for the quality of the semiconductor silicon, is very cautious about the selection of suppliers, and the global market for silicon is therefore more concentrated once authentication changes are done. The company is now competing in the semiconductor silicon market on mainland China.
In the lead, the company has become a qualified supplier to well-known domestic and foreign clients, including China Mainlanders such as China Hari International, Huayuan, Hua Li Wei Wei, Yangjiang storage, Wuhan new core, Chang Luang storage and Hua Yu Wei, and offshore firms such as Grovend, Ngi Pu, Yifa semiconductor, desktop power, etc., with customers spread across North America, Europe, China, Asia, etc.
Countries and territories. The certification cycle for semiconductor silicons is longer, and the certification cycle for parachutes and extremis products is generally 9-18 months for semiconductor integrated circuits for conventional applications; the certification cycle for soi silicon products is usually longer than the silicon products, usually 1-2 years; electronics for cars, medical health, aerospace, etc.
A semiconductor silicon product certification cycle is usually three to five years. Thus, a company, as an internal head enterprise, would have a stronger pre-emptive advantage if certified. 3.1200 mm silicon and soi: mature business is growing steadily, and firm basics are being consolidated.
Two hundred mm and less silicon (including silicon silicon silicon silicon) are technologically mature and highly competitive at the end of the market. The company’s son, Sici silicon silicon, has developed for many years in the field of 200 mm semiconductor silicon. New silicon has 21 years of industry experience in semiconductor silicon, has a unique competitive advantage in silicon silicon, and is the mainland China rate.
The Finnish company Okmetic has 37 years of industry experience in semiconductor silicon and soi silicon collars, and the crystal process in silicon production has accumulated a large amount of know-how in the industry, thanks to a lack of standard processes, mainly by means of touch and experience, and some of its engineers have worked in the company for 20 years.
The company focuses on a high-end segmenting market of semiconductor silicon chips (including silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon) with products that are more competitive in such markets as radio-frequency front-end chips, simulators, advanced sensors, automobile electronics, etc., and maintain a deep and stable partnership with multiple customers for more than a decade.
The advanced soi silicon-making technology, such as simox, binding, simband, with autonomous intellectual property rights, can provide customers with a variety of soi silicon products.
The following semiconductor silicon (including silicon silicon silicon) production and sales rates continue to be high. Companies have mature and well-developed production and marketing systems and have established long-standing and stable partnerships with multiple chip manufacturing companies around the world, with production and capacity consistently high. In 2020, there was a slight capacity utilization rate due to the certification of new and new production capabilities in new and proud technologies.
The decline in production in 2020 compared to 2019 was mainly due to the impact of the non-combined calculation of 200 mm of new technology in 2019 and the non-combined January-March sales of semiconductor silicon tablets (including soi silicon tablets). Overall, 200 mm and the lower half-conductor silicon are used as the company’s basic plate, and the company has a well-developed system of production and marketing, and its clients are rich in resources and of good quality.
3.2300mm silicon: Breaking foreign monopolies, opening up a wave of national production alternatives, leading to 300 mm semiconductor silicon domestication, and a national production alternative to wave pioneers. Companies are the first in the continent.
In January, the subsidiary, Shanghai Shinjing, successfully pulled out the first 300 mm single crystal silicon, completed 300 mm semiconductor silicon full process in 2017, achieved a positive sample, achieved a scale production in 2018, and filled the void in the industrialization of 300 mm semiconductor silicon in mainland China.
At a time when companies, as the largest silicon-capable firm on the mainland of China, have a competitive advantage but still have a significant gap with the international giants, we believe that as companies continue to promote product certification, new markets, new production and semi-conduction,
The company’s 300 mm semiconductor silicon business is expected to continue at a high rate as a replacement for silicon national production.
3.3 The scale effect of the large-scale silicon silicon silicon silicon with increased production capacity is gradually becoming apparent, and the fixed increase of $5 billion has been successfully completed, further enhancing the company’s overall strength. In 2021, the company issued a firm-wide plan to raise no more than $5 billion for the development and advancement of 300 mm high-end silicon silicon silicon silicon in integrated circuits.
Project Building and Pilot Project 300mm High-end Silicon-based Materials Development and Development. As of 2022h1, total funds were raised for 300mm high-end silicon silicon and advanced manufacturing projects for integrated circuit manufacturing. It is proposed that 2 billion yuan be used to raise funds for 300mm high-end silicon-based materials development pilot projects and 1.5 billion yuan to supplement corporate liquidity.
The incremental projects will significantly upgrade the company ' s 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon technology capability and production scale, build up the supply capacity of 300 mm high-end silicon-based materials, increase the corporate business as a whole, enhance the company ' s technological development capacity, upgrade the core competitiveness of its products, and contribute to the continuous upgrading of the company ' s STI capabilities.
The energy of advanced silicon silicon-scale production increases the competitiveness of 300 mm products. The reduced and semiconductor silicon-sized features of integrated circuit chips are becoming an important trend in the semiconductor industry, and the chip demand for advanced processes and large silicone-sized silicon-sizes is increasing as the level of chip manufacturing increases.
At the time of the first collection, the company had mastered crystal growth techniques and successfully addressed the problem of silicon monocrystal defects. When this project is completed, the surface quality of 300 mm semiconductor silicon products will be further improved to meet the parameters of a more advanced process.
The more advanced the process nodes are, the smaller the minimum width of the chip, the higher the requirements for parameters such as the mass of semiconductor silicon surfaces. The implementation of the new project will significantly enhance the product performance of the company's 300mm semiconductor silicon.
The semiconductor silicon sector is typically a capital-intensive and technology-intensive industry, and the initial development requires large investments and high depreciation costs for firms to compete with headlines only on a large scale, with a scale-based unit cost spread.
Production capacity, 300 mm of large silicons have accumulated more than 5 million pieces in history, monthly volumes have been innovatively high, and in 2022, q2 companies lost their net profit without returning to their mothers, with a scale effect. After the company's first campaign to raise project capacity to climb the slope, 300 mm semiconductor silicon production will reach 300,000 pieces per month, but on average it exceeds the world's top five silicon companies.
There is still a large gap between the size of 1 million units per month. Meanwhile, in a market environment where the global semiconductor industry is increasingly concentrated, and in the face of the growing dominance and capacity of leading firms, production can only become a long-term stable supplier of silicon tablets for large international chip-making enterprises if it is able to reach a significant level of capacity.
One million/month to more than 600,000/month, further narrowing the gap in capacity with the top five silicon firms around the world, with more significant scale effects that enhance the combined competitiveness of companies and the ability to stabilize supply to downstream chip manufacturing enterprises, laying the foundation for the process of digestion of new production capacity.
Key assumption: Silicon business at 200 mm and below, company operations at 200 mm and below are operated by the company Okmetic and Shinyo Technologies, with certain advantages in high-end market segmenting applications such as radio frequency front-end chips, analog chip, advanced sensors, car electrons, etc., with a range of customers for more than 10 years.
The next-sized silicon business, with revenues of 1.651 billion yuan, 1.907 billion yuan, 22,204 million yuan, corresponds to the Māori ratio, the key assumption is a 2,300-mm silicon business operated by a subsidiary in Shanghai, mainly in areas such as storage chip, image treatment chip, generic processor chip, powerware.
With new capacity building, the company’s scale effect will gradually be highlighted and its performance is expected to increase at a high rate. The revenue from the business of 300 mm silicon is expected to be $1.460 billion/$290 billion/$2.974 billion in 22-24, corresponding to the Māori ratio.
The business is expected to grow steadily as an alternative to sustained growth. Revenue from entrusted processing operations is expected to grow steadily in 22-24 years on the basis of key assumption 4: Other operations will develop simultaneously as the company as a whole grows. The company’s main business is 200 m and less semiconductor silicon (with soi silicon) and 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
The research and development, production and marketing of the film, which led us to select the share of the myths involved in the development, production and sale of semiconductor-class monocrystal silicon materials, the comparison of the semiconductor silicon and semiconductor-separated microchips, 2022 capacity-building less than expected, the pace of research and development of new products less advanced than expected, and the disturbance of the industrial chain by the external environment.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.