National gold foliage, Ning Xin, high-speed (600377.sh) road and rail
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average. Ning Xiao's three-quarterly announcement on October 27: the company collected $6.99 billion in the first three quarters of 2017.
Dollars, 11.55 per cent increase in the same year; net profits of 2,896 million won on shareholders in listed companies increased in the same year, and traffic on the surface increased significantly, sustaining the consolidation of the toll road master business: the company collected 1,862 million yuan in the third quarter of the year, a 7.65 per cent increase in the same year, a marked increase of 5.75 per cent in the first half of the year.
Increases; and 7.76 per cent in the third quarter of the same year for the surface segment of traffic, with a consistent upward trend in the proportion of cargo vehicles; 2.2.05 per cent in the third quarter of the high-speed Xinning, with a steady or decreasing share of other sector-type vehicles compared to the same period last year: companies continued to consolidate their toll road master operations during the reporting period, actively participating
Investment in new projects: Actively promoting new projects on the Peak Mountain Road Bridge and the North-South link: moving forward with the construction of the high-speed phase and approving 60 per cent of the long-term high-speed new projects for participation in the affiliates.
Real estate sales have progressed in an orderly manner, with a slight decrease in carry-over revenue: the carry-over revenue from real estate operations in the third quarter was about $30 million, a 16 per cent decrease from the same period last year, mainly due to the small number of property deliveries in the current period.
In terms of sales, Nanjing, Suzhou, and Yankang have continued to limit their purchases for the current period, achieving a pre-sale revenue of approximately $54.6 million, a significant decline from the 170 million during the same period last year. However, depending on the progress in the completion of the company’s property, the project will be completed and the revenue will be carried forward at the end of the 17th to 18th year.
After regional outsourcing, there was a small decrease of 1.11 per cent in the current period, but business returns increased. Road asset returns increased steadily, with high dividends contributing to the security margin of investment: companies became affiliated in the third quarter. The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 996 million yuan, a 13.2 per cent increase over the same period.
The growth in principal income led to an increase of $111 million in Maori over the same period last year, and a further $34 million in corporate investment returns in the third quarter over the same period last year, mainly as a result of increased investment returns on joint ventures and joint ventures. Corporate performance grew steadily, and cash flows were strong, causing companies to keep their dividends high on a year-to-year basis, and
There has been no decline in the level of dividends since the market, with the share rate of the company corresponding to current stock prices at about 4.7 per cent, providing investments, keeping warm, continuing to actively explore high-quality road projects, and a steady increase in the performance of the main industry.
Macroeconomic downturns, less than expected delivery of real estate. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.