For the first time ever, Silver World's Wisdom Investments have covered the Merry Medical Care (300,760ch) and continue to break through high-end production lines and accelerate the start-up of new business.
There is a lot of room for growth in Chinese medicine.
Weiwei, cfa, high-level R & D is investing in the expansion of the power line and new products, opening up the growing ceiling. M M & M insists on technological innovation, new development of the inner core, maintaining a high level of R & D investment over the long term, not only on the conventional business plate, but also on a continuous vertical basis.
High-end overlaps, and active expansion of the business layout, horizontal expansion of the seed business to speed up the release of Wang Yunjun power. The company introduced a9 super-high-end anesthesia machine, bc-7500 blood cell analysis.
In 2023, the company’s ultra-high-end ultrasounds were expected to break through the national production gap, and the ultra-sound market for Murray’s medical care.
Since 2020, medical care has accelerated the country’s production of medical equipment.
The new infrastructure continues to deepen, and ministries, including the Treasury, have invested more than $156.4 billion over three years to support new health-care infrastructure projects, and the fiscal interest-rate lending policy at the end of 2022 was designed to provide financial protection for hospital equipment procurement needs. At the beginning of 2023, the Ministry of Finance re-emphasized the need to further strengthen the investment in health-care resources, with advance issuance.
Subsidized funds to support the comprehensive reform of public hospitals and capacity-building of health-care institutions amount to nearly 12 billion yuan, which augurs well for the continuation of new medical infrastructure in the post-epidemiological era, and for the continued expansion of China’s medical equipment market. We believe that Méri’s health will continue to do so with its full product line and strong brand influence.
Globalization has led to accelerated breakthroughs in markets outside the territorial sea. Murray’s health has been on the path of internationalization for many years, and strong product power has given impetus to corporate high-end breakthroughs abroad.
During the first three quarters of 2022, Méri was able to reach the large idn medical complex in North America with a series of high-end monitors and anaesthesia machines, generating a rapid increase of more than 30%. Localized marketing strategies and post-sales empowerment also contributed to the growth of companies in developing countries, 2022.
Over 20% income growth in the third quarter. At present, Méri’s share in the global medical equipment market is still low, but we expect that, as production lines move into a global epidemic and the international competitiveness of products increases, corporate income abroad will continue to grow.
The Department ' s income and net profits will maintain an annual compound increase of 20 per cent, based on a nine-year dcf model for 407.74 Murray Medical Care was established in 1991 and has grown up as a leader in China ' s medical equipment industry after more than 30 years of development, with operations covering three major sections: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, and global leadership in a number of areas.
In 2021, the company's revenues broke out by 25 billion yuan, and the combined growth rate of revenue between 2017 and 2021 was 22.6 per cent for long-term and stable research and development.
Inputs are the cornerstone of corporate development, guaranteeing the continuous enrichment and high-end rotation of corporate product lines, and helping companies shape high-quality brand images and brand effects. Brand advantage leads to increased efficiency in the marketing of Murray’s health care, combined with improved management of business, growing corporate profitability, with net return profits rising from $2.59 billion in 2017 to 80.0 in 2021.
The net profit rate has risen to 34.8%, and the net profit rate is higher than the international medical equipment giant. As the domestic epidemic calms down, the conventional hospital treatment business has gradually recovered, we expect the company to resume rapid growth in the more volatile business plates, such as the reagent operations of the in vitro diagnostic plate, the ultrasound operations of the medical video plate, etc.
The emerging business markets are wide-ranging and open to corporate development ceilings. At present, Méri ' s medical care relies on its strong research and development power and on its own M & D approach, as well as on its active marketing of promising and emerging industries, laying the foundations for long-term development, mainly in the direction of animal medicine, microsurgery and bone.
Animal medicine: M.M.I. founded its animal medicine subsidiary in 2020, thanks to the company’s solid technological reserves in the area of human medical equipment, M.M.I. quickly completed the technical migration of the three core production lines and introduced veterinary medical equipment products in the three areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery.
China’s pet consumption market is growing rapidly. At the same time, the promotion of health awareness among pet owners has contributed to the growth of the medical market as a need-a-peer, with a market capacity of about RMB 72.7 billion in 2021, accounting for 29% of the entire pet consumption market.
At the same time, the company’s strong brand influence and reputation in the area of human medical equipment has also helped it to grow rapidly.
Micro-inventive surgery: Merry’s micro-inventive surgery is primarily an entry point for the abdominal sclerosis, building a physical solution around micro-inventive surgery. At present, the country’s market for medical endoscopy, ultrasound knives, etc., is still imported.
Brands dominate, and national production rates are extremely low, so there is a huge national alternative space. In recent years, as the concentration of medical consumables and the volume of procurement has progressed, the range of medical devices covered by the collection has grown, such as ultrasound sabres, which have been implemented in several provinces and inter-provincial alliances to help accelerate the development of national product plates.
The mirrors and the fluorescent abdominal cavity mirrors, among others, expanded microscopic surgery to ultrasound in December 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, the microscopic surgical operations of Murray Medical doubled, with more than 150 per cent of the hardscopic systems growing, 100 of the top 100 hospitals installed and, for the first time, two imports.
We expect that the company will continue to invest more in research and development in micro-surgery in the future, expand technological breakthroughs, and improve the layout of the pipeline, a new business that is expected to sustain rapid growth and provide momentum for the company’s long-term growth.
In 2024, it will reach RMB 60.7 billion, or 14.5%, of the cagr. In 2012, Méri ' s medical services acquired a full capital in Deskebby, a national bone brand, and in 2021 began construction of the Wuhan base for the production of osteoporosis, which is officially fully integrated into the military osteoporology field.
The gathering also took place in several provincial alliances. The gathering accelerated the process of replacing the national production of osteoporosis material, and, as a new entry brand, Méri ' s medical care quickly gained the opportunity to enter the hospital and expand its market share through a positive response. In 2023, we looked forward to a recovery in demand in the osteoporology market, which led to a rapid increase in Méri ' s medical bone business.
The new crisis in 2020 revealed the short-term nature of the country's health-care infrastructure, a number of new health-care infrastructure-related policies, and the 14th Five-Year Plan of the State, which emphasized the need to prioritize the health of the population as a priority development strategy.
Building a strong public health system and strengthening public hospitals. Through the "Ideals for the Promotion of Quality Development in Public Hospitals", the "Korea Project" District Hospitals Integrated Capacity Upgrading Programme (2021-2025) and a series of planning criteria for public hospitals, primary health-care institutions, etc., indicate the direction of the new health-care infrastructure for this round: 1) quality development of public hospitals; 2)
Capacity-building of primary health-care institutions; 3) capacity-building in public health prevention and treatment. Government support for the new health-care infrastructure project has been strengthened year by year. Between 2020 and 2022, various departments, including the Central Development Commission and the Ministry of Finance, have issued investments or grants totalling more than €156.4 billion in various health-care areas.
In January 2023, the Ministry of Finance and Finance issued a circular on the effective strengthening of the management of funds for the prevention and control of new coronary disease.
The Ministry of Finance has also issued early subsidies to support the comprehensive reform of public hospitals and capacity-building of health-care institutions, amounting to 11.9 billion yuan, which augurs well for the continued acceleration of the new medical infrastructure in the post-epidemiological era and the continued expansion of China’s medical equipment market.
In addition, the interest-bearing loan policy, introduced in 2022, will bring further procurement funds to hospitals. As the leader of a national-made medical device, Méri has a rich product line that can meet the procurement needs for high-end medical equipment in the context of the expansion of the capacity of large level III hospitals and the upgrading of the specifications of municipal and county hospitals, as well as for the construction of primary health-care facilities.
At the same time, the company has a well-developed and intelligent medical ecology that can provide intelligent medical solutions to a number of sections such as laboratories, icu, cinema, etc., greatly streamlines work processes, improves the efficiency of doctors, and coincides with the focus of a new health infrastructure in public hospitals for quality development.
In addition, the state and local governments have introduced a number of policies in recent years to strictly regulate the procurement of imported products, encourage the substitution of national production, make public tenders for the purchase of equipment in various public health-care institutions, and point to the propensity for domestically produced medical devices.
In addition to policy benefits, with rapid response to the epidemic and a strong productive reserve, supply chain management and delivery capacity, Mai Rill's medical support to the front line of the epidemic has greatly increased the brand recognition of Mary's health in large hospitals and accelerated the country's production substitution process, especially in high-end markets.
Globalization has led the markets outside the territorial sea to break through, and Murray's medical care has pursued the path of internationalization and has adopted a localization strategy to market the global distribution of networks. The company has over 50 subsidiaries abroad, with over 11% of its employees from more than 30 countries and territories around the world, and overseas, like Silicon Valley, USA.
New Jersey, Seattle, United States, and Europe have R & D centers to absorb global innovators. At the same time, companies have continued to expand their business lines through acquisitions.
The breakthrough of more than 700 high-end customers abroad has greatly enhanced the global reach of the company’s brand for follow-up products, and in recent years it has benefited from its long-term investment in research and development, the company’s multi-producer wiring, anesthesia, blood cell analysers, and respirators, all of which are on a global scale. The successive rolls of high-end equipment have enabled the company to have multiple plates.
The strength of international brand competition has contributed significantly to the development of Méri medicine in high-end markets overseas, such as through the high-end No Series of Guardians, a8/a9 anaesthesia machines and localized direct marketing platforms, the company has signed exclusive supply agreements with several North American idn medical associations for guardianships/anesthesia machines, and to the rapid growth of more than 30 per cent in revenues in the North American market by the third quarter of 2022.
For developing countries, Merri’s health-care products have a better value for money than international brands, and we expect firms’ operations in emerging markets to grow rapidly, becoming one of the main drivers of growth in their overseas performance. By the first three quarters of 2022, the company had completed its operations in a number of emerging markets, relying on a growing local marketing system.
The advancement of physical solutions and cross-line operations has led to more than 20% growth in corporate income from developing countries. For example, in Mexico’s largest private medical group, the company achieved hundreds of monitors, anesthetic machines, ultrasound machines, and the first regional chain of laboratories across several countries, including Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan.
We expect that Mary will maintain a combined income and net profit growth rate of about 20% in 2022e-2024e, and that 2022e/(1) new medical infrastructure will not advance as expected;
(ii) The international environment has negatively affected the expansion of overseas operations;
Interest and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery are three major sections, with products reaching full coverage from the lower end to the higher end, leading the world in multiple domains, and in recent years, the “3-R'it” hospital has been launched to help build an intelligent diagnostic ecosystem from the equipment provider to the provider of integrated solutions. In addition, companies are continuing to nurture new income growth points and develop new ones.
The company landed in New York in 2006 and retired from the United States in 2016, and was listed in deep proximity in 2018. At present, Murray has become the country’s largest and leading medical instrument and the main product of company life information and support operations, and has gradually moved into the global pilot phase, custodians, injection pumps, anaesthesia, etc.
In vitro diagnostics, the company’s products include blood cell analysers, chemistines, biochemists, celebratory analysers, urine analysers, microbiological diagnostic systems, etc.
The company’s medical video business has focused mainly on ultrasound and dr, and the market share of the ultrasound business has now risen to the second and fourth highest in the country. As production lines continue to roll out heavy-pound products in high-end areas, companies’ penetration in high-end client groups around the world continues to increase, and brand influence continues to rise.
In the first half of 2022, the company increased its income by 23.3 billion yuan, a 20.1 per cent increase in its efficiency and a net return to the mother.
The increase from $2.59 billion in 2017 to $80.0 billion in 2021 and 32.6 per cent in five years was faster than the company ' s brand advantage, which led to an increase in sales efficiency and a decline in operating costs. Sales costs were 14.3 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022, a decrease of 0.4 pcts in the same year.
This has led to the break-up of high-end clients around the world; on the other hand, companies have rapidly expanded their branding influence through the epidemic, creating a trusted, high-quality global brand image that has created brand effects. Corporate management rates have remained below 5% since 2019. Corporate management costs were 4.0% in the first three quarters of 2022, down 0.4 pcts from year to year.
Figure 5: Corporate management costs (2014-9m22)
Compared to the five-year compound growth rate in 2017-2021, Murray’s health-care revenues are growing at a much faster rate than the country’s giants, and are still at a high rate of development. The net profitability of companies is higher than that of the international leading medical equipment industry, and they are now operating with good efficiency.
Figure 7: Comparison of net profitability of global flagship medical devices (2017 - innovation-driven growth, rich business layout, technological innovation as an inner core, long-term maintenance of higher R & D inputs in M.M., sustained enrichment of product pipelines, constant high-end growth
A breakthrough has been made in the field of medical equipment. Méri has adopted an autonomous research and development model, and now has an innovative research and development platform based on global resource allocation. There are 10 major R & D centres with 3,599 R & D engineers in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Nanking, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, Seattle, and Europe.
Research and development (R & D) inputs from companies have continued to increase and R & D costs have remained above 8%. In 2021, R & D inputs from companies (including capitalized R & D expenditures) amounted to 2.73 billion yuan, an increase of 30.1% over the same period, with R & D costs of $2.52 billion, a gap between the growth of the same amount and the absolute amount of R & D inputs from companies that are lower than the US dollar, Yapee, etc., but R & D rates and international
With long-term research and development inputs, the company’s monitors, anesthesia machines, blood cell analysers and respirators have reached world-class levels. In particular, high-end production lines, such as n-series monitors, a8, a9 super-high-end anesthesia machines, bc 7500 blood cells.
In the North American market, with a high-end N series, an 8/a9 anesthesia machine, companies continue to make breakthroughs in the coverage of large high-end clients idn (integratedeliverynetwork) medical associations, covering nearly 80% of the idn medical associations.
In the domestic market, high-end vd devices can meet the demand for large-scale hospital examinations, which are more efficient than ever before, with level-III hospitals accounting for the country’s in vitro.
The cut-off-line income ratio rose from 15% in 2019 to 30% in the third quarter of 2022. The high-end ultrasound and medium-high-end ultrasound-i series also led to a full break-up of high-end client groups, both within and outside the country, with medical video productions that broke out of 230 of the priority hospital/laboratory blank clients in the first three quarters of the line, with 80 horizontal breakthroughs.
In addition, the company is fostering new rapid growth points, such as continuing to enrich the SWF’s solution, and developing the Sino-Swig ++ image.
Like the cloud platform's application, it helps to raise the overall level of medical consultations in the medical consortium/communist community, and constantly expands the coverage of the "Mary's Inspector" physical laboratory it programme in the context of the full-process intelligent management elements to allow cross-product information to interact with cross-sectional exchanges, interdisciplinary consultations, and innovations in the integration of clinical treatment of patients serving across regions.
Murray Health has also continued to increase its research and development investment in new and emerging businesses, and has been actively developing seed industries with high growth potential, such as animal medicine, micro-surgery, orthotics, to enrich its product lines, to expand its coverage in new and emerging areas of business and to increase the competitiveness of its products, and to provide a sustained impetus for its long-term development.
In recent years, rising national living standards have led to rapid growth in China’s pet consumption market, and pet medicine, as a market for fresh demand, has continued to grow, reaching about $72.7 billion in size by 2021. In 2020, the company established an animal medicine subsidiary and quickly completed the technical relocation of multiple tube lines, introducing, for example, ultrasound, anaesthetic machines, blood cells and surveillance.
Micro-surgery is one of the current research and development priorities of Méri’s health care. The company uses the abdominal hardscope as an entry point for micro-surgery.
Integrated solutions, with high white and 4k white abdominal hardscopes and 4k fluorescent abdominal mirrors, as well as ultrasound systems, have been introduced. Given that our micro-surgery penetration is far lower than in the US, and is still dominated by foreign brands, and national production is low, the company’s micro-surgery operations are expected to lead the company’s long-term development, driven by an expansion of market demand and a two-wheel drive that replaces national production.
In 2021, Méri’s medical service officially moved into the military orthotic field, and was actively involved in orthopaedic joints, in the national collection of spinal ridges, and in the integrated orthopaedic trauma collection of provincial unions. We are looking forward to the release of the demand for orthopaedic surgery as a result of the 2023 epidemic and the rapid growth of the company’s orthopaedic operations.
The rapid release of the need for medical equipment has been driven by a number of health-related policies since the new crown outbreak in 2020.
(b) Releases and acceleration of the process of substitution of national production. The new health infrastructure is structured around three main areas: 1) quality development of public hospitals, including high-level construction of large public hospitals and upgrading of basic hospitals; 2) capacity-building of primary health-care services; and (3) public health prevention and treatment capacity-building, including the upgrading of health-care facilities at all levels and health-care information.
The 14th Plan and the Vision 2035 outline for strengthening public hospitals, accelerating the expansion of quality medical resources and regional balance, strengthening the health workforce at the grass-roots level and developing high-end medical equipment, while the Public Hospital Quality Development Promotion Initiative (2021-2025) identifies specific construction tasks such as clinical focus groups,
In 2021, the National Health Board issued the Integrated Capacity Enhancement Programme for the District Hospitals of the “Kill County Project” (2021-2025), which called for the promotion of the sinking of high-quality medical resources in the provinces and municipalities to the districts, and for the achievement of a level of capacity for tertiary-level hospital care in the country by at least 1,000 district hospitals in 2025.
For its part, the Opinion on Health Development in the Rural Health System continues to emphasize support for capacity-building in district hospital facilities and services, improvement and improvement of the construction and equipping standards of township health centres. As a result of this policy, the upgrading of public hospitals at all levels will lead to the rapid release of the domestic demand for medical equipment.
The leading state-owned medical equipment enterprise, the Murray Medical Services, has a strong product power on all three core business lines: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, and has achieved a holistic, integrated approach from the lower to the lower end, from the section to the hospital as a whole. The solution is fully covered and meets the diverse needs of hospitals at all levels, as well as icu, heating clinics, and square-class hospitals.
Méri will seize the opportunity of a new health infrastructure and continue to expand its market share. We have summed up the following key policies related to a new health infrastructure.
The expansion of health facilities at all levels has led to a sustained increase in the demand for medical equipment. The 14th Five-Year Plan explicitly calls for the strengthening of public hospitals, the improvement of the network of urban and rural medical services and the development of high-end medical equipment.
The central role of public hospitals has also been highlighted in documents such as the Program, which proposes to speed up the expansion of quality medical resources and regional balance, including the construction of high-level hospitals at the national and provincial levels, the construction of national medical centres, regional medical centres and clinical specialists, the development of multi-sectoral units, and clear guidelines for the expansion of health-care institutions.
The policy documents also make clear the need to strengthen the capacity-building of district hospitals, promote the sinking of quality medical resources into the district areas in the provinces and municipalities. According to the Integrated Capacity Improvement Programme for District Hospitals in the “Kill Districts Project” (2021-2025), by 2025, at least 1,000 district hospitals in the country had reached the level of level III hospital capacity.
In January 2022, the National Council for Health and Hygiene, in conjunction with four other departments, issued the Work Programme for Level III Hospitals in the “14th Five” Period, which provides new requirements for the strengthening of the graded clinic system and for the strengthening of specialist capacity-building in basic hospitals.
In addition, the construction of primary health-care facilities has continued to deepen as medical inputs and resources have shrunk. According to the 2021 Health Development Statistics Bulletin, at the end of 2021, there were 1,030,935 health-care institutions nationwide, an increase of 8,013 compared to the previous year. Of these, 977,790 primary health-care institutions, an increase of 7,754 compared to the previous year.
In accordance with the criteria for the construction of primary health-care facilities updated in 2022, primary health-care institutions, such as rural health homes, and maternal and child health-care institutions are equipped with standard medical equipment covering the three core lines of operation of the Murray medical system, including anaesthetics, respirators, biochemical analysers, colours, etc.
The construction of public health infrastructure related to the prevention and control of communicable diseases, such as icu, fever clinics, square-class hospitals, etc., since the new crown outbreak of 2020, has also received attention. At the national level, the number of beds in provincial and municipal icu beds, square-class hospitals and heat clinics in the provinces and municipalities has been built. For the month of the month, the total number of beds in icu is 13,81,000, with nearly 10 beds per 100,000 population, including level III hospitals.
10.65 million level II hospitals and 31,600 hospitals, and with developed countries such as Germany (33.9/100,000), the United States (25.5/100,000 bottom), the National Health Board continues to emphasize the need to strengthen the construction of targeted hospitals and heat clinics, requiring 10 per cent of beds for fixed and sub-point hospitals and 4 per cent of beds for level III hospitals.
It will be necessary to promote the construction of intensive medical care and icu in various parts of the country, as well as to boost the demand for medical equipment for the construction of icu, including a monitor, a pump, a defibrillator, a blood analyser, a bronchial mirror, etc. On 13 January 2023, the Ministry of Finance provided guarantees for further control of the new coronary disease.
The Management Circular also re-emphasizes the need to further strengthen the investment of health-care resources, with a focus on the strengthening of district hospitals for serious and contagious diseases, the horizontal integration and expansion of resources such as emergency first aid in rural areas, and the provision of support to local communities in the use of general government bonds, the issuance of government-specific bonds for the construction of eligible health-care projects, and the provision of adequate medical care.
We believe that China will continue to upgrade its capacity to treat serious diseases and infectious diseases even after the new crown has subsided, and that the need for medical infrastructure will continue. Supported financial support will accelerate progress in the new infrastructure of health care.
In September 2022, a regular meeting was held to update the equipment in the areas of special re-loan and fiscal interest-rate support, including hospitals. The introduction of interest-rate loans effectively eased the financial constraints on hospitals and provided financial support for hospital expansion and for the purchase of conventional medical equipment.
From the point of view of the company’s market access, it is estimated that the company’s loan needs associated with the company’s products will amount to $20 billion, and that the market space for the release of the products of the new health-care counterpart companies in the country will exceed 75 billion yuan in the central budget for health in 2020 and 2021 and the central base for health in 2022.
The construction investment budget is over 26.5 billion yuan, mainly to support health-care projects at all levels. Funding from the Ministry of Finance for medical and health-care services and support capacity upgrading in the provinces and municipalities has been increased year by year, with a total of 11.14 billion yuan in 2022 in support of the comprehensive reform of public hospitals and quality development, and has been allocated for the development of specialized national clinical priorities and eligibility.
In 2023, the Ministry of Finance issued an advance grant to support the comprehensive reform of public hospitals and the capacity-building of health-care institutions amounting to RMB 11.99 billion, of which RMB 80.0 billion was allocated for the comprehensive reform of public hospitals, which is almost the same amount as the early award of RMB 7.99 billion in 2022;
Overall, central financial support for health infrastructure remained high in 2023. Murray provided a holistic solution to support the construction of the “Three Ones” smart hospital.
In the Opinions on Promoting Quality Development in Public Hospitals, it was emphasized that “promotion efficiency” is the focus of the development of health-care institutions, and that it is proposed to strengthen the information support role of electronic medical records, intelligence services, intelligent management of the “Three Ones” smart hospitals and standardization of hospital information.
The construction of health infrastructure and the promotion of a health-care data system are among the objectives of the project. The reform of health care payments has been accelerated and places greater demands on the level of precision management and clinical capacity of health-care institutions.
The programme, the digitally integrated operating theatre system, and the three key product lines of the company, namely, the SWF Ecosystem, the Murray Quality Laboratory Solutions, and the Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swiss-Swi-Swi-Swiss-Swi-Swiss-Swi-Swi-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swiss-Swisss-Swiss-Swisss-Swisss-Swisss-Swisssss-Swissss-Swis-Swi-Swis-Swi-Swi-Swiss-Swis-Swis-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swis-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swis-Swis-Swis-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-S-S-Swi-S-Swi-Swi-Swi-Swi-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Swi-Swi-Swi-S-Swi-Swi-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
Murray's medical care is rare, but it is also available in three separate areas: life information and support, medical imagery, and in vitro diagnosis, and it is a large-scale enterprise that can provide an integrated management system of medical equipment in institutions made up of the “Swiss” system (“Swiss Union”, “Swiss Shadowing Plus”, “Mary's Inspector”) and thus has greater potential for market expansion.
The “Rhjil Union” solution, which connects a number of Merry's bedside medical equipment, such as a monitor, a respirator, a pump, etc., now connects across sections/hospitals, guarantees doctors access to patient data whenever and wherever they are, and enables real-time surveillance of patients outside the ward. Based on the layout and advantages of multiple products such as guardianship devices, anesthesia machines, respirators, injection pumps, etc.
In the first half of the year, more than 80 new units were added. In two and a half years, the Federation has been on the market in Beijing.
Tsang Hospital, Beijing City Emergency Centre (Tun Oo Project), Beijing Watershed Hospital, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, Shanghai Nakayama Hospital, Wuhan-Hungzi Hospital, Hunan-Shinya Hospital, Si An-Syung Hospital, Chengzhou University Hospital I, Nakayama University Hospital I, Guangzhou Medical University Hospital I, Chongqing Medical University Hospital I, Chinese University of Science and Technology
Several top hospitals, such as Houzi Hospital (Gwangya Children), Zhejia Hospital East Hospital, etc., have been installed.
Upgraded, reagent management from the supplier to the laboratory room, room refrigerators, full-flow digitization of the monitoring system, high-impact verification of routine quality control-related instrument status, reagent accuracy, intelligent mass control reports. In addition, the testing process has been made more homogeneous and standardized through a variety of intelligent application solutions based on clinical insight, such as cloud viewing, cloud review, cloud intelligence, etc.
The "Merry Quality Check" laboratory programme helps hospitals save 20-30% of the cost of equipment and reagents.
As of 30 June 2022, the “Mary Inspector” laboratory it programme had installed nearly 90 hospitals throughout the country, 70 per cent of which were level-III hospitals, and nearly 30 additional ones in the first half of 2022, including the Director-General of the Occidental Hospital, the Wuhan University of Science and Technology, the Tianyu Hospital, the Oncology Hospital in Sichuan Province, the Sichuan People's Hospital, the Dong Shao District, Guangdong
The Provincial Maternal and Child Health Care Institute, Shenzhen City Maternal and Child Health Home, etc. “Swig ++” is the company's video cloud service platform, a cloud ecological application that connects Murray's medical video equipment and users, innovatively provides cloud communities and multiple cloud applications and commitments that can be created and operated by users on their own initiative.
Currently, based on “Swiss Shadows++,” the company has introduced solutions such as remote and controlled medical association consultations, ultrasound control of medical associations/linkages, integration of Poc with ultrasound operations, discipline alliances, distance training teaching, video equipment management, channel user management, etc.
By 30 June 2022, the “Swiss Shadow Plus” had achieved a cumulative load of more than 2,000 units, with new ones installed in the first half of 2022.
Nearly 800 units have been installed to keep the speed up. The “Swig +” installation hospital includes the Boan District People's Hospital in Shenzhen City, the Nakayama University attached to the 1st Hospital, the Samming City First People's Hospital, the Hua Yun Wu Steel General Hospital, the Guangdong Province 2nd People's Hospital, and the Nanchang University.
In recent years, a number of national and local policies have been put in place to promote the substitution of domestically produced medical equipment for import and to encourage the upgrading of domestically produced medical equipment. In 2021, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Industry and Informatization jointly developed the Guidelines for the Review of Government Procurement of Imported Products (2021 edition), which provide for the procurement of domestically produced medical equipment and equipment by government agencies (business units).
The ratio of instruments required the establishment of a government procurement ratio for national products based on four criteria: 100 per cent, 75 per cent, 50 per cent and 25 per cent. Of these, 137 medical devices required all national production and 12 medical devices required 75 per cent national production; 24 medical devices required 50 per cent national production; 5 medical devices required 25 per cent national production.
Most commonly used medical equipment, including medical ultrasound equipment, endoscopic mirrors, x-rays, ivd, anaesthesia systems, hangars, etc. The 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Medical Equipment Industry, issued at the end of 2021, also proposes to speed up the completion of high-end medical equipment shortboards, including key core technologies, secure supply chain stability in the industrial chain, and innovative product extension applications.
National and local policies have been introduced to encourage the procurement of domestically produced medical equipment and to regulate the procurement of imported products. In 2022, the Ministry of Finance issued a circular on issues related to the procurement of framework agreements for government procurement, proposing that, with regard to the regulation of imported products, there is a demand for specialized equipment such as testing, testing, medical care, etc., for the purchase of imported products.
In 2022, the Shenzhen City Finance Department and the Henzhen City Development Commission jointly issued a Circular on the Further Regulation of the Administration of the Review of Government Procurement of Imported Products, which explicitly requires that public procurement should take place.
In June 2022, Hubei province issued a protocol on provincial government procurement in Hubei province, which also requires a needs survey to be conducted for the purchase of imported products.
Equipment such as colour, fully automated biochemical analysers, blood cells, dr, respirators, etc., which are stated in the tender announcement as not to be imported. Thus, it is foreseeable that the policy will be implemented in both the general direction and the actual level of implementation.
The panel is expected to continue its fast-paced development with policy winds. As a leading manufacturer of domestic medical equipment, with life information and support, an in vitro diagnosis, a perfect layout of the three main production lines of medical imagery, and a market share of many products in China, with a strong branding effect and diversified products.
The types can meet the diverse needs of medical institutions at all levels and different sections. We therefore believe that Murray will quickly take up the market share in the wave of substitution for medical equipment in the country. In addition, the company’s different product lines will be able to achieve inter-sectional, hospital-wide and even inter-hospital connectivity through the “3 S” solution, streamlining the work processes of health-care workers and improving the efficiency of hospital operations.
The introduction of a physical solution will help companies to expand horizontally and vertically within IMSU, leading to a physical break-up of different types of products, while linking to brand products will also help to increase the sticky use of clients in health-care institutions.Mary medicine has 53 offshore subsidiaries in about 40 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America, and so on.
Created a global resource-based research and development innovation platform with 10 major R & D centres in Shenzhen, Wuhan, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey and Europe, the United States of America, with huge global R & D, marketing and networking services, and product sales over 190 countries and regions.
Business lines. For example, Méri Medical acquired the life information and support business in the United States of America, which became the world ' s leading guardian brand in 2008; Zonnare acquired high-end ultrasound video technology in the United States in 2013; and hytest acquired core R & D technology for reagent raw materials upstream of chemical light in 2021, effectively safeguarding the stability and cost control of the supply of raw materials.
In the first three quarters of 2022, it benefited from a full recovery in international conventional operations, with more than 40% in vitro diagnosis and nearly 20% medical imagery, respectively. The elimination of three categories of new crown-related products: guardianship, respirator, injection pump, and, in terms of high-end breakthroughs abroad, in the first three quarters of 2022, the life information and support lines of Murray ' s medical care broke through high-end hospitals.
270 white clients, 350 horizontal breakthroughs, such as purchase of an anaesthetic machine organized by the Serbian Government, 80 domestic, 80 horizontal breakthroughs, chemical free water lines and blood cylindrical wiring machines in the largest regional chain of laboratories across several countries in Central Asia; medical video production lines that break through 140 empty high-end hospital clients, 90 horizontal breakthroughs, and 90 horizontal breakthroughs.
The top heart hospital in Indonesia has installed high-end desktop ultrasound series. Trends suggest that, with the full recovery of conventional operations, companies’ overseas operations in developing countries like Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, etc., have accelerated, generating more than 20% of their income in developing countries in the first three quarters of 2022.
The United States has achieved a major breakthrough in high-end medical community clients, with companies growing at a high rate of over 30% in North America in the first three quarters of 2022. As the company’s products have gradually upgraded to higher end, its direct marketing platform in North America has matured, and the high-end breakthrough in the North American market is expected to continue.
The market for medical devices in developing countries is still at an early stage of development. Compared to developed countries in Europe and North America, developing countries spent less on health care than in 2019, and there is still much room for growth in the future.
Compared. So, in developing countries such as Asia and the Pacific and Latin America, Méri has a price advantage over other international brands. We expect that the company’s operations in Asia and the Pacific and Latin America will grow rapidly and become a major driver of the company’s growth in overseas performance. Figure 21: Share of overseas revenues of medical equipment companies (2017-1h22)
Medical income abroad is income from other than mainland China. The new business market is vast, opening up a new engine of growth, rapidly expanding animal health product lines, and taking advantage of pet consumer market opportunities.
According to the White Paper on China’s pet industry in 2021, pet cats and dogs are the most popular types of pets in China, with 58.6 million pet cats and 54.29 million dogs in 2021 in urban areas. The size of our pet consumer market is also growing steadily, reaching $24.9 billion in 2021, an increase of 20.6% in comparison with the developed countries.
According to the survey on pet raising conducted by the American Pet Association (appa) in 2021/22, the number of pet cats and dogs in 2021 was 94.2 million and 89.7 million, respectively, with a market size exceeding $109.6 billion, a 6% increase. Thus, China’s pet consumption market is still in its infancy.
The Chinese pet market still has more room for growth, as a result of the rising number of empty nests and the growing number of singles as a result of population ageing. From the consumption structure, China’s market share of pet medicine in the pet market rose from 19% in 2019 to 2021.
The market is expected to continue to grow as a new-needing pet clinic, as the number of pets in China increases, and as the health awareness of the pet owners increases.
In 2020, Méri Medical established an animal medicine subsidiary, extending the application landscape of the three core business plates to the field of kinetic medicine.
In 2021, the company launched the veta series, the vetina series of hardscopes, bc-75rvet blood cells, and the vetuse7 with ultrasound. Currently, the company’s life information and support plate has animal anaesthesia machines, surveillance units, etc.
A wide range of products, such as ambulatory instruments, fluid pumps and operating lamps; in vitro diagnostic plates covering blood analysers, biochemical analysers, chemical light, molecular diagnostics, which can meet the needs of animal laboratories, large pet hospitals and small clinics; medical video products, including desktop ultrasound, with ultrasound and dr, with models and accurate images of small and large animal-specific medical images.
The company’s animal medical equipment can be used in pet hospitals, livestock farms, stables, animal protection and breeding bases, etc. China’s pet medical development equipment industry has started late, and according to Irey’s consulting data, the rate of domestic production of hospital equipment is now only about 50%. Considering that national product plates have a clear price advantage over imported brands, and pet medicine.
There is a greater potential for a market that is largely self-financed, and therefore national. Mary is a leading brand for medical equipment in the country, has a strong research and development base and transformation capacity, allows for rapid migration of the technical advantages of human use of medical equipment to animal medicine, and horizontally expands the market space for pet medical equipment. Moreover, as the pets market becomes more regulated and centralized, the pets become more concentrated.
The hospital's movement towards chaining, and the strong branding and reputation of Méri's health care in the area of human medical equipment will also help it rapidly penetrate pet hospitals and capture its market share.
Micro-inventive surgery is expected to be a long-term core growth point for companies. Micro-inventive surgery refers to small-incision surgery, which has the advantage of less pain than open surgery, less damage to human health tissue, smaller scars, faster patients, and can reduce the length of hospitalization and the occurrence of complications.
The use of hard endoscopy to enter the abdominal cavity of the human body is one of the first types of microscopic treatment. China’s microsurgery penetration rate is low. According to Frost Sullivan, the penetration rate for Chinese microscopic surgery was only 12.8% in 2020, well below the United States penetration rate of 50.7% in the same period, so China’s microsurgery market has grown dramatically.
Space. From 2016 to 2020, according to Frost Sullivan, China ' s market for micro-surgery instruments and accessories grew from 12 billion yuan to 19 billion yuan, and capr to 13.1 per cent, and is expected to reach 42 billion yuan by 2025, with surgical penetration.
According to Frost Sullivan, the global hardware market grew from $4.6 billion to $5.7 billion in 2015-2019, and the cagr to 5.2%, and is expected to reach $7.2 billion by 2024. Thanks to China’s micro-surgery penetration rate, China’s market is rising faster than the global market.
From 2015 to 2019, China’s health-care market will reach 11 billion yuan per year. At present, China’s hardware market is still dominated by foreign brands. According to public reports, China’s domestic production rate was only about 10% in 2018, and there is still a huge national production replacement space.
1080p) developed to super-highly clear 4k to help doctors gain more details in their use, and according to the working spectra of the inner view mirrors, which are divided into white endoscopes and fluorescent endoscopes, which can provide medical students with subsurface visual information, such as blood vessels, that can help to improve the accuracy of the doctor's surgery.
The company has now introduced white and 4k white abdominal hardscopes and 4k fluorescent abdominal mirrors, coupled with a series of Rilley abdominal abdominal surgical instruments and a one-time multi-passional single-pericular abdominal coscopic surgery perturbator, and a one-time use of an abdominal accelerator.
The key is to switch green fluorescence, white light, black fluorescent, etc., so as to meet clinical needs for traditional white light endoscopic mirrors, to enable doctors to observe the true images of patients, to provide a picture of the impurities and the pathogens, and to provide real-time orientation in their operations. According to statistics on medical equipment, the results of the 2021 competition for internal mirrors in medical institutions were measured at the winning amount, and to import brands.
Carl Stoes and Olympus together account for more than 50% of the market share, with Méri receiving 7.2% of the market share, the third highest in the country. As of December 2022, the company ' s rigid mirror system had installed hundreds of machines in 60 hospitals at Top 100, with the third-higher share of income in level III hospitals.
In December 2022, the company launched a technology-based energy platform and an ultrasound knife, which expanded its layout in micro-surgery. The ultrasound knife, also known as the ultrasound, is a high-energy concentration.
Focal ultrasound instruments, cutting tissues and closing blood vessels by converting ultrasound energy to mechanical energy, are mainly used in microscopic surgery in general surgery, urology, etc., and can also be used in abdominal cosmology and open surgery. According to Frost Sullivan, the global market for ultrasound knives reached $2.87 billion in 2020, and is expected to grow to $4.63 billion in 2025; and root
According to data from China, the size of China ' s ultrasound blade market has increased from RMB 1.02 billion in 2016 to RMB 2.510 billion in 2021, with an annual compound growth rate of 19.7 per cent.
In recent years, several provinces and inter-provincial unions have completed ultrasound, with the largest collection coverage in Guangdong, with pre-purchases of approximately 440,000, or about 50%, of the national ultrasound market. It is worth noting that, in the second half of 2022, during ultrasound operations in several provinces, the national product plate was active, and from the results, high-end markets, such as 7mm ultrasounds, were still active.
Import brands dominate, but on other product lines, national brands dominate. Imports of national brands are used to provide support. We expect that Murray's medical care will be able to penetrate the ultrasound market quickly in the future.
Murray's medical services will continue to invest more in micro-surgery and expand product lines. We believe that the national microsurgery complex has a vast alternative to national production. Although the company's microscopic operations, including endoscopes and ultrasound blades, are still in the early stages, their use of scenes is highly synergized with life information and support lines, using company anesthesia machines, surveillance, etc.
The branding effect of products such as the ambulatory, lighthouses, etc. in the surgical market, as the product layout improves and the product performance improves, the micro-inventive surgery of Murray's medicine is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, becoming the core engine for the medium- and long-term growth of the company, and the osteoporosis is expected to recover in demand.
The country’s osteoporology consumption market has grown steadily, and the collection has accelerated the replacement of national production. According to data from the China Industrial Research Institute, the market for the implantation of medical devices in the Chinese bone industry has grown year by year, reaching 35.3 billion yuan in 2020, and is expected to reach 60.7 billion yuan in 2024, or 14.5 per cent, of which the three main segmented markets – trauma, spines, joints – together account for 85.8 per cent of the osteoporosis.
As a result of my large population base, the ageing of the population, the number of osteoporosiss will continue to grow at a higher rate. The number of implants per 1,000 population of joint products in our country is only 12% in the United States, 8% in Germany, and the number of implants in our joints has wide scope for growth.
The collection of osteoporosis and spinal waste in 2021 and 2022 will help to accelerate the process of national production substitution. In 2012, Méri’s medical care acquired Drskebair, Bubble Bone.
During the following two years, the country’s three main areas of osteoporosis, joints, spinal spines, were followed by provincial alliances or centralized state purchases.
The company’s share of trauma and joints has increased six-fold and 15-fold, respectively, in the Provincial Union’s trauma collection and the national joint collection. We expect that the surge in osteoporology needs will be released in 2023, and the Osteoporology operation in Murray will resume its rapid growth.
The core business section of the company, which is divided mainly into life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical imagery, has been steadily growing. Life information and support is the largest share of corporate income, with the new crown epidemic in 2020 leading to company life.
The demand for information and support products, income and income share have risen dramatically. Since 2021, thanks to the strong demand for new domestic medical infrastructure, life information and support operations have continued their positive growth, with external diagnostic operations being the second largest contributor to corporate income in 2021 and the first half of 2022, and the share of corporate income in the pre-2020 epidemic has been steady.
The surge since 2021 has been significant. In vitro diagnostics was the first three quarters of 2022, the recovery of corporate income and the rapid break-up of high-end customers, both in and out of the country, with income growing by almost 20% in the previous three quarters, with ultrasound income growth, life information and support operations, new infrastructure for beneficiary medical care, consolidation of the dragon head position.
The life information and support products of Murray's medical care, which include guardianship, respirator, defibrillator, anaesthetic machine, surgical bed, surgical light, suspension bridge, injection pump, electrocardiogram machine, oricu, etc., are the company's largest share of revenue. Most of the products of the plate are wards, respirators, defibrillators, anaesthetic machines, bets, etc.
Mary’s healthcare monitors, anaesthetics, and respirators have reached world-class standards, with the ability to compete with international flagships. In the wake of the new crowning epidemic in 2020, global demand for life information and support products has increased dramatically, with companies relying on strong product power, extensive overseas marketing coverage networks, and well-developed sales.
Post-service, rapid entry of products such as respirators and monitors into high-end hospitals overseas, accelerated breakthroughs in high-end client groups across countries, created a global brand image, and provided a solid basis for the global penetration of more products. In terms of income, before the 2020 epidemic, vital information and support operations accelerated, reaching the 2015-2019 income capgr.
18.9 per cent. In 2020, as a result of the outbreak of demand, company income from life information and support operations rose by 10 billion yuan, or 57.8 per cent, from 2021 to 2021, benefiting from the expansion of the country ' s new medical infrastructure, the expansion of public hospitals, and the rapid growth of domestic demand for life information and support equipment.
With strong product competitiveness and improved product layout, 11.5% of the business block’s income grew in 2021, and the plate’s income reached $11.15 billion. As the country’s new medical infrastructure moved forward and high-end breakthroughs in overseas high-end markets broke out, in the first three quarters of 2022, life information and support increased by 15% over the same period, and in the third quarter alone.
Large-scale installation has been achieved in countries such as the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Norway, etc. Guardianship Lines: dominant, high-end markets within and outside the country have continued to expand. Guardians monitor and record changes in the patient’s health by measuring physical parameters and comparing them to set values.
Precise devices or systems, major surveillance parameters include EK, heart rate, breathing, blood pressure, heart output, pulse, oxygen pressure, etc. The guardianship system is widely applied to family health care, community medical care, general wards, emergency rooms, icu, operating theatres, etc., based on group intelligence counselling, and the global guardianship market grew slowly from $2.68 billion to $2.94 billion between 2016 and 2019.
Cagr is 3.13%. In 2020, the outbreak of a new coronary pneumonia outbreak led to an increase in the demand for hospital surveillance equipment in medical institutions. According to PrecedenceResearch, the global guardianship market grew to $3.65 billion in 2020 and will continue to grow rapidly and steadily in China ' s guardianship market.
One hundred million yuan has grown to 2,59 billion yuan, or 9.4 per cent of the cagr, and we expect that China will continue to grow rapidly in the future, under the impetus of the epidemic and the new infrastructure for medical care.
The company's guardianship was certified by the European Union in 2000 and by the United States of America in 2004. In 2008, Murray Medical acquired the American datascope life information and support business, moving towards internationalization as the third largest provider of the global guardianship industry.
It is the world's first big-screen-rotable intellectual monitor, which expands the community of high-end clients and carries out the entire spectrum of imported brands. The current company's guardian line covers low-, medium- and high-end markets in terms of function and price, functional coverage from severe to trans-shipment, diagnostic markets, telemetry, central guardianship and hand-held hemooxygens.
Figure 34: Corporate guardianship product series, with prices ranging from $1,000 to $100,000 in terms of terminal prices. Medium- and low-end product lines, imec and mamec series, are below $20,000, lower than the import brand Philips and Ge, and for grass-roots medicine.
The National Health Board issued Basic Standards for the Capacity of Medical Services in District Hospitals and Recommended Standards for the Capacity of Medical Services in District Hospitals in 2016, which provide for the annual publication of the Integrated Capacity Improvement Programme (2021-2025) for District Hospitals in the country's nearly 17,000 District Hospitals in the areas of disease and respiratory and cardiovascular diseases.
In addition, the circular issued by the National Health Board in 2020 on the strengthening of hot-cells in primary health-care institutions refers to the establishment of hot-cells in rural health centres and community health-care centres where conditions are in place, which require the supply of circulators, monitors, electrocardiograms, etc., in accordance with the standards for the equipping of heating clinics issued by the National Health Board.
As a result, the construction of primary health-care facilities in the country will continue to boost the demand for medium- and low-end surveillance equipment. The terminal price of Benevisionn’s high-end guardianship product line for Méri’s medical care will be $60,000 to $160,000, slightly lower than the upper end of the Inellivuemx series and more favourable than the higher Carescapeb6 and b8 series for Philip.
The market for guardianship has matured in the country, and the market is highly concentrated. Mary's medical care is well positioned as a leading supplier in China, accounting for 64.8% of the country's main market share in 2017. According to the findings of China's Medical Equipment Survey, the rate of corporate guardianship has increased to 71.4% in 2021, with an intention to buy back more than 95%, far above the second-highest import.
In 2017, the market share was 10% after Philip and Ge. According to customs statistics, the demand for the new crown disease in 2020 was removed.
In 2021, China’s guardian exports rose steadily from year to year, with a combined growth rate of 10 per cent over five years, and exports grew at a higher rate than in the global custodian market, and export and import trade surpluses gradually expanded, indicating that China’s guardian products were in the process of opening up the market abroad, and that market space was growing. In 2020, the new crowning epidemic led to a significant sale of Meri’s health-care guardian products.
Upgraded, and with a high base, sales will remain high in 2021. We trust that Murray will further increase the penetration of low- and medium-end products in primary health-care facilities and continue to open up high-end markets, both within and outside the country, and achieve a sustained increase in market share, with the advantage of branding and covering the network.
Figure 37: Market share of global custodians, 2017
Figure 39: Sales of corporate guardianship products (2015-2021) Defibrillators: Universal awareness of first aid leads to increased demand for aed defibrillators, a clinically used emergency equipment that is often used to treat life-threatening heart disorder, especially chamber tremors and
Non-infused chamber heart rate. It uses high-energy pulses for electroshock treatment of the heart and depolarizes a large number of myocardial muscles, thus putting an end to arrhythmia and restoring taser heart rate.
According to data from the Baguar Institute, the market for tremors in the Chinese courthouse has been stable, while the market outside the court has been growing rapidly since the enactment of the Good People's Act in 2013, from 560 million yuan in 2014 to 1.02 billion yuan in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 16.2 per cent. Article 184 of the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, which entered into force on 1 January 2021, states that, because of