China
Gree
HOLD (upgrade from REDUCE)
Gree's 1H19 results were slightly above consensus and our estimates, thanks to
investment income and smaller write-offs than 1H18.
Current price:
Rmb57.47
Selling expense and ASP cuts continue to pressure margins and earnings in 2H19.
Target price:
Rmb54.90
The cash balance increased due to increase in payables.
Previous target:
Rmb44.00
Gree's ownership transfer progress remains unclear. The deadline for public
Up/downside:
-4.5%
solicitation is 2 Sep.
CGS-CIMB / Consensus:
We upgrade Gree to HOLD and revised our PER multiple from 9.5x to 12x to better
reflect Gree's valuation discount to Midea's 14x.
000651.SZ
Reuters:
000651 CH
Bloomberg:
1H19 results slightly above expectation
Market cap:
US$48,208m
Gree's 1H19 results were slightly above consensus and our estimates. Net profits grew
Rmb345,724m
7.2% YoY in 1H19 to Rmb13.8b, with the net profit margin staying flat at 14.0%. EPS
grew 7.4% YoY in 1H19. Most of the profit growth came from investment income and
Average daily turnover:
smaller write-offs than a year ago. Gree's revenue growth slowed to 7% YoY in 1H1.
Midea had cut its AC ASP by over 6% through sales promotion in end of Q1. This
Current shares o/s:
increased competitive price pressure on Gree; the company's selling expenses jumped
Free float:
3.8ppt YoY to 10.9% of sales in Q2.
Selling expense and ASP cuts to pressure margins and earnings
As China AC sales continued to slump in July, we expect Gree to only achieve mid-
single-digit full year top line growth and lower single-digit bottom line growth in the current
situation, with high channel inventory and a slow property market. We expect Gree to
maintain current level of selling expense in 2H19. We think ASP cuts may be commonly
adopted by major AC makers to chase market share in lower end models in 2H19. As a
result, ASP cuts and increased selling expense should put Gree's margins and earnings
growth under pressure in 2019.
Cash balance increased, but this is due to increase in payables
In 1H19, Gree's increased its cash level by Rmb8bn YoY to Rmb121bn since 2018. The
increase in cash was financed mainly by a substantial ~60% increase (~Rmb30b) in
accounts payable. Recently, Gree has stepped up its business diversification efforts. It
recently formed a strategic partnership with NEV maker WM Motor, signaling another
attempted foray into the NEV industry after its failure of acquiring Zhuhai Yinlong. Gree is
also in the process of acquiring 11% of handset maker Wingtech. We expect the growth
Major shareholders
% held
in capex and investment to continue in 2H19. However, these diversifications are unlikely
Zhuhai Gree Group
to have a significant impact on earnings in the near-term.
Gree's ownership transfer remains unclear
This April, Gree's parent Gree Group started to solicit offers to sell 15% stakes in Gree
(~Rmb40bn), The deadline for the public solicitation is 2 Sep. A committee will be formed
by the Gree Group to review the acquisition proposals submitted. We believe this will
have an impact on the management of the company going forward.
Upgrade to HOLD
We don't believe the small earnings beat by Gree in 1H19 will remove the overhang on
the stock – the industry outlook, the impact of the consumer stimulus in 2020, Gree's
diversification efforts, and the result of the share tender. We upgrade Gree to HOLD, and
value the company at 12x 2019 EPS. We revised our PE multiple from 9.5x to 12x to
better reflect Gree's valuation discount to Midea's 14x.
Analysts
An Zhang, CPA
Johnson Cheung
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA
BY THE NUMBERS
SOURCES: CGIS RESEARCH, COMPANY DATA
Durable Products | China
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International Securities
(Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made as
to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. The
recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited, its subsidiaries and
associate companies ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited. China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies)' securities in respect of which are
reviewed in this report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or less than 1% of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization unless specified
otherwise.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
Galaxy International Securities may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of,
any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, Galaxy International Securities may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
China Galaxy International has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in connection with the
production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking
function of Galaxy International Securities and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information held by either the research or investment banking
function is handled appropriately.
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or
will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in
or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed
companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
We are transferring the rating mechanism from "BUY, SELL, HOLD" to "ADD, REDUCE, HOLD". Please refer to the definitions below.
Explanation on Equity Ratings (Existing mechanism (will be replaced by new mechanism by 01/09/19))
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Explanation on Equity Ratings (New mechanism)
ADD
The stock's total return is expected to exceed 10% over the next 12 months.
REDUCE
The stock's total return is expected to fall below 0% or more over the next 12 months.
HOLD
The stock's total return is expected to be between 0% and positive 10% over the next 12 months.
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.