For the first time, Shandong gold (600547.sh) has been covered by the vast amount of high-quality gold and mineral wealth, both within and outside the country, on the back of Shandong's State Finance Committee.
Source. Gold reserves are expected to increase further, and gold mining costs are lower, and company performance is expected to increase significantly, thanks to the limited gold companies of the Shandong Group, which are currently enjoying a favourable price for gold at the domestic and international levels.
The company ' s position in the corporate sector is further consolidated by the fact that in September 2018 the company landed on the Hong Kong Exchange, a+h double-finance channel, which effectively reduced the company ' s financial costs and asset-liability ratios, while also providing strong financial support for the company ' s international M&A strategy.
With strong resource and size advantages, gold reserves are expected to expand further: Shandong is a relatively deep 300-indicator gold resource reserve, with more than 90 per cent concentrated in the far-off, Länder region.
In addition, the region has significant prospective resources/stores. The company’s current production mines are among the largest in the world, including the three most important mines in the world, namely, the Trisan Island gold mine, the Kaji gold mine, the New City gold mine, and the Linglong gold mine company, which has been on the list for many years as China’s gold produces the ten largest mines.
Prospective prospecting and aggressive foreign mergers and acquisitions are expected to lead to a further expansion of future gold reserves. With the global economic slowdown and a strong demand for gold, corporate performance is expected to rise further: the global economic slowdown will be expected to be a rough one for some time in the future.
Gold, as a traditional hedge asset, effectively hedges the risks associated with global uncertainty, serves as a value-serving function and has a high investment value. The global gold industry is growing and the focus of consumption is shifting to Asia, led by China and India.
Data cut-off date: 08/05/2019 Production and demand grew steadily. As international currencies, such as the United States dollar, the euro, and the pound sterling, continue to devalue, the value-added function of gold will become increasingly important and the demand for gold will continue to grow.
Risk factors: risk of falling product prices, risk of less than expected gold production, risk of international volatility, risk to national policy, risk to resource extraction, risk to mine safety.
Xia Jin-Wung Company is a home-grown, global gold industry-wide leading company whose operations include gold mining, mining and smelting, gold mine-specific equipment, and the production and sale of architectural and ornamental materials.
The East Gold Group, a large State-owned consortium controlled by the State Finance Committee of Shandong Province, has over 40 years of experience in operating the gold mining industry and is rich in resources, with four mines ranked among “China's top 10 gold mines”, three mines ranked among “China's gold economy, 10 gold-efficient mines”, and 11 mines awarded to “national green mines”
Mountain, where the group’s high-quality assets will be injected into public companies in the future, the potential of Shandong’s gold reserves will be modest. In 2017, the company joined forces with Baric, the world’s gold giant, to successfully acquire 50% of the benefits of the Belladrow project, which is Argentina’s largest gold mine and the second largest gold mine in South America, and a domestic gold company.
In 2018, the company produced 39.32 tons of mineral gold, representing an increase of 3.43 tons, or 9.57% over the same period. The company continued to achieve a rapid increase in gold production through its “in-house + outlier.” With the completion of the h stock market, the rapid growth of the company's financial soundness and wider access to finance paved the way for further rapid growth.
Gold opens the way to rising prices. Gold in Shandong, whose revenues are closely linked to gold prices, and with its own strong and clear strategic planning, expands the domestic and international gold veins through M & A cooperation and expands the expectations of gold prices.
Shandong Gold, China’s current largest gold producer, has a fairly high elastic performance relative to gold prices because the company’s main profits are from mineral gold.
The most common triggers are variations in market gold prices, monetary policy adjustments, reserves of gold mineral resources, mining costs, new mergers and acquisitions, the risk of falling prices for international trade products, the risk of less than expected gold production, the risk of a sudden change in the international situation, national policy winds.
Shandong Gold Mining Co. Ltd. is an integrated whole-of-business gold enterprise. Shandong gold is backed by Shandong Gold Group, which was established in 1996 and transformed into the Shandong State Capital Investment Company in 2015.
As a large-scale State-owned enterprise, the Group’s gold production reserves, economic efficiency, scientific and technological performance, and talent advantages are among the leading sectors in the gold industry, with over 40 years of experience in gold mining operations. The Group has built a world-class gold production and resource reserve in the north-west of the province, and is accelerating the process of sizing, digitizing, and ecologizing.
“Tonne tons of large mines” are on the way: in the provinces of Fujian, Hainan, 20.00, Shaanxi, Qinghai, Xinjiang, Nemon, Henan, etc., back-up resource development bases covering the south-east and north-west; offshore operational platforms have been set up in countries such as Australia, Canada, and Argentina. The group currently has four mines located in the “China's 10 Great Gold Mountains”
Among them, three mines were ranked among the “China’s gold economy, 10 good ones” and 11 were awarded “national green mines” and branded as “gold property.” In 2017, international M&As made a substantial breakthrough, partnering with the leading international gold company, Barick Gold.
In August 2003, it was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
In addition, in 2017, with 50% of its indirect interest in Mag, it operated jointly with the world’s leading gold company, Barick Gold, the Beradero gold mine in Argentina.
The company has grown efficiently and rapidly. The company's mineral gold production has increased from about 3 tons in 2003 to 35.88 tons in 2017, and has been growing steadily since its introduction into the market in 2003.
Twenty-seven acquisitions have been completed, and the resource expansion is ahead of the domestic industry gold enterprise. 2.1 A competitive advantage is that the resources are unique: Shandong is a gold resource and a gold-producing province, and in terms of resource reserves, the Gudong Peninsula gold mine concentrates a quarter of the country's gold.
Resource reserves, more than 90 per cent of which are concentrated in remote, Lé County areas. Moreover, the region has a significant prospective resource/reserve.
Work to further consolidate and enhance the company's stock of resources in the Gudong region, providing a solid resource base for the construction of a world-class gold production base in the Gudong region. At the same time, the “go-out” strategy will be firmly pursued in order to be more open and inclusive, actively involved in global resource allocation, and to complete initial visits or due diligence on multiple projects.
Work, which provides strong support for the integrated development and use of the company's mineral resources for sustainable development. The existing production of mines under the banner is among the highest in the world: the country's cumulative gold production of up to 100 tons of “Jo's gold mine” and “Linglong's gold mine”, the country's first digital underground mining of “Jo's gold mine” and domestic equipment of water
To date, the company is the only one in the country with two cumulative gold-rich mining enterprises that have passed 100 tons.
The company's annual report reveals that in 2017 the gold production from Shandong was 1,153.7 thousand ounces (equivalent to 1,153.7 thousand ounces) of gold.
35.88 tons) and 1264.4 thousand ounces (equivalent to 39.32 tons) of mineral gold produced in 18 years. Five of China ' s ten gold mines are located in Shandong Province. The largest, second, fifth and sixth largest of the 10 gold mines are owned by Shandong gold (Kiao, Sanjia, Shinjong and Linglong, respectively). In 2018, 4 gold mines were owned by Shandong gold mines.
Production was 235.2 thousand ounces, 224.1 thousand ounces, 135.7 thousand ounces, and 143.4 thousand ounces, up from the 17-year average.
According to the latest Chinese Gold Association statistics, domestic gold production in 2018 was 401.119 tons, the world's largest in 12 consecutive years, a decrease of 25,023 tons, or 5.87 per cent, compared to 2017. Of this amount, 345,973 tons of gold gold, a decrease of 6.28 per cent, was recorded. Shandong gold continued to run, in reverse, with a total annual mineral production of 39.32 per cent.
Tons, representing an increase of 9.57 per cent in the same year. 1) China's mines — rich in quality resources — produced 401.119 tons of gold in 2018, the world's first in a row for 12 years. This represents 3503 tons of global production.
Shandong Province, the largest gold-producing province in China, produced 55.6 tons of mineral gold in 2017 (compared to approximately 1787.6 thousand ounces), accounting for 14.1 per cent of China ' s mineral gold production in 2017. Furthermore, Shandong Province is ranked first in the country in 2017, accounting for 28.5 per cent of China ' s total resources. Shandong gold operates 12 mines in China.
The largest gold reserves in Shandong are located in Leizhou and far away, and more than 90% of the resources in China are concentrated in the region. China’s weighted average reserves in mines are 3.06 g/t, which is higher than those of gold-producing enterprises listed in China and/or in Hong Kong and operating in China.
In 2017, the company took the first step of crossing the sea by lending $1.26 billion to offshore banks and purchasing it at a price of $960 million at the international gold flagship barick gold company.
As at 31 March 2018, the gold reserve and resource volume were 84.0 tons (equivalent to approximately 2701 thousand ounces) and 137.8 tons (equivalent).
At the current level of gold production, the mine is about 7 years old. 2.1.2 Strong storage capacity The company's past record of increased prospecting performance and high-grade gold resources suggests that the company's main Chinese mines are strong
In the late 1980s, the Argentine Government began its exploration work in the Beladero area: in 1994 in Canaan, six kilometres east of the Argentine-Chile border.
Large enterprises obtain exploration rights in the Belladro area by auction, and subsequently 100% indirect control by the Barrick gold by mergers and acquisitions, and the Belladro mine became operational in 2005.
To support the operation of a valley immersion facility with more than 85,000 tons per day of ore disposal, as well as the mining of 280,000 tons per day of ore. Once the ore has been smelted, Hong Kong and Barrick gold will be purchased from the production office in proportion to their respective interests. A total of 407 million tons of ores are planned to be mined by 2024, and open-air extraction will be completed by 2024.
2.2 Competing advantage two: one of the lowest operating costs of the gold industry in China The full maintenance cost (aisc) is an accepted method for evaluating the efficiency of existing and sustainable operations of gold producing enterprises. It is the total sustainable cost of mining operations in gold producing enterprises.
This sum is the sum of this expenditure, enterprise, general and administrative expenses (net of share costs) and exploration costs. Cash costs include all direct and indirect cash costs of mines directly and indirectly associated with the production of metals, including mining, ore-processing, general administrative costs, third-party refining costs, patent fees and production taxes, excluding product gains.
The average total cash cost for mines in China decreased from $762 per ounce in 2012 to $616 per ounce in 2014. This was mainly due to lower raw materials, higher levels of technology and higher levels of automation, resulting in higher productivity.
The overall decline was due mainly to productivity gains due to lower costs of raw materials, technological upgrading and increased automation in China's mines. The cash operating costs for Shandong gold mines in China were approximately $682 per ounce in 2017, down from the average total cash costs for China's mining industry of $715 per ounce in 2017.
2.2.1 The cost of mining the country’s mineral resources is low, and the gold mines in Shandong are in good condition and high grade. The company and the four major mines in China are the three mountain islands of gold, Kajia, Shinjong and Linglong gold mines, which are mainly sculpted molten rock and quartz-type ore.
It is large and continuous, with a high average gold grade and low production costs. For offshore mines, the Belladro mine is a super-large open-air mine with relatively low operating costs.
All four major mines in China are located in Shandong Province, where 90 per cent of mineral gold production originates from Shandong Province, which is the largest gold-producing province in China, and where companies enjoy mature mining infrastructure support, including transportation, electricity, water, raw materials, mining equipment and ancillary services.
Improved capacity of companies in terms of productivity efficiency and economies of scale in mining operations. 2.2.3 Collection, selection and metallurgy are highly industrial mining: continuous mention through continuous optimization of mining skills and upgrading of the level of automation and intelligent control in the mining process
High mining efficiency and low ore poverty and mining loss rates. The weighted average of Chinese mines in Shandong gold and the average mining loss rates of approximately 7.7 per cent and 5.6 per cent, respectively, are among the lowest in the same industry.
Minerals selection: Tandong gold, using the self-researched and mature cash selection method and the technology and equipment imported by internationally recognized manufacturers, is being processed for its main Chinese mine origin. As at 31 December 2017, the annual recovery rate was generally higher than 94 per cent, above China ' s average of 83.1 per cent.
Smelting and refining: The total production of Shandong and Shenzhen smelters in 2017 was 128.4 tons (equivalent to 4128.2 kilowatts), and strong production capacity helped Shandong gold achieve higher economies of scale in its smelting and refining operations. By historical data, more than 84% of Shandong gold's mineral gold was refined autonomously, so the company benefited from the smelting.
This is mainly due to the leading gold smelting and refining technology that companies have developed autonomously. Shandong gold is China’s current standard for good delivery of gold and silver from the London Gold and Silver Market Association and gold sorghum and gold bars from Shanghai.
One of a handful of businesses. That is enough to demonstrate the quality of company smelting and refining.
94% compared to other gold enterprises horizontally, the company ' s Māori ratio is a very high one, thanks also to the company ' s lower business of 2.3 competitive advantages: the ability to buy and integrate resources is prominent, continued exploration guarantees for continued development from the company ' s listing on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 to 2018, and the production of gold from Shandong increased from about 2.8 tons.
To 39.32 tons. So far, the company has completed 17 acquisitions, making it China’s leading gold company. Its ability to identify and integrate high-quality acquisition targets has contributed to rapid growth.
Potential targets for profitability: 2) are located in the major gold belts, where there is a potential for significant increase in reserves. Strong integration, rich merger and acquisition experience, leading market position and strong financial power will help companies to consolidate more high-value resources, thereby enhancing corporate leadership and profitability.
2.3.1 To date, M & As activities have been the main engine of growth in Shandong gold history through continuous integration of high-quality resources through domestic and cross-border M & As. The company plans to continuously seek and implement M & As opportunities in the following parties.
Holding shareholders: The company intends to continuously identify the potential high-quality resources of the controlling shareholders and assess the possibility of acquiring them. In particular, it is the newly discovered Western Ridge mine in San Francisco and the South Lu-Hinki mine in Joo, as well as the resources located in Henan and Hainan Provinces.
China: The company is also continuing to search for high-quality resources in Shandong, particularly in Leizhou and the faraway regions, as well as in other provinces of China (in particular Henan, Inner Mongolia and Fujian provinces with high gold prices) Overseas: the company plans to buy, invest and cooperate with other mining companies in known gold mines around the world
Continued access to high-quality overseas resources. With the company’s experience of working with Baric Gold, the company will be given more opportunities to work with other global gold mining companies, thereby upgrading the company’s position in the global market.
The company is still planning to further increase its investment in resource exploration. Build up the storage of existing mines. Some of the company’s mines still have great potential, such as the Jiao gold mine, the Belladro mine. For the company’s Linglong gold mine, the New Town gold mine, and the Shunnan gold mine, the company acquired three prospecting rights from the controlling shareholders in November 2017.
It is planned to continue prospecting activities in the area covered by the certificate and to increase the reserves of the gold mines. With the company's accumulated and enhanced experience and capacity in prospecting, the company is working to increase the reserves of existing mines and to further increase the production of mineral gold by increasing the density and depth of prospecting.
2.4 A four-pronged advantage: a healthy capital structure and financial position The proportion and structure of Shandong's gold debt are more robust. As a “barrel” of corporate outreach, a robust debt ratio and composition, it provides a sustained incentive for future acquisitions.
The level of indebtedness is lower in the industry, and the small upturn in 2017 was mainly due to the company taking over the Bellarod project, where the Shandong Gold Bank loan and the gold lease contract were cut short to the company’s lower interest rate. As one of the largest producers in the industry, the gold lease business provided the company with low-cost short-term jobs to supplement its productive liquidity.
So, historical interest rates ranged from 2.4% to 4.85%; in addition, corporate bank lending as a background company to the State Finance Committee in Shandong Province stood at 2.56% to 5.70%. The cost of both financing instruments was significantly lower than the industry average. The company was a few a+h platform gold companies.
With the growing trend of future mergers and acquisitions of mining capital, the company ' s two-way platform facilitates multi-channel and low-cost financing.3 The gold sector: short- and medium- and long-term rise logic persists.
Gold is an asset, with both goods and money. From a commodity-specific perspective, gold is precious, and its stability makes it easy to preserve, so gold becomes not only material wealth, but also an important tool for humans to store their wealth, so gold is especially favoured by humans.
From a sexual perspective, gold is an important tool for countries’ financial foreign-exchange reserve systems, and it has an irreplaceable role in maintaining financial stability and economic security. In 2018, gold prices as a whole showed a pre-depressive trend, with greater volatility.
The strong data, the consecutive increase in the Fed’s interest rate and the pressure on the US dollar brought about by the tense global trade, the price of gold continued to fall, with the largest decline of more than 10% in the first half of the year; into the third quarter, with signs of easing trade friction between the US and China, the market was worried that the US economy might fall into recession in the near future, and that the risk of warming would rise.
Send out signals that the future might slow the pace of interest increases, and political instability in the euro area continues to unfold, for example: the UK is stagnating, pending, the Italian fiscal budget crisis, the French riots, etc., and gold is gradually rebounding from a low point, supported by risk avoidance, at only one step away from the $1,300/ounce mark. The weighted average price of London gold in 2018 was:
US$ 1270.23 per ounce, an increase of 1.17 per cent over the weighted average price of US$ 1255.59 per ounce in 2017. In the first quarter of 2019, China’s macroeconomics successfully resisted various downside risks, with most indicators stabilizing or improving compared to last April.
In February, the pmi index stood at a three-year low, three months in a row below the 50-year line of glory. In February, cpi was 1.5%, and ppi only increased 0.1%, not only inflation was half below the target of 3%, but pi was on the edge of negative growth and deflation.
In March, cpi changed from 1.0 per cent in the previous month to 0.4 per cent in the previous month, and pi moved from 0.1 per cent in the previous month to higher. From March onwards, the Chinese economy began to show signs of stability. In April, the production index and the new order index were above the threshold in the five sub-indicators that made up the manufacturing pmi, and the production index was 52.1 per cent, down from 0.6 per cent in the previous month.
The percentage point, above the critical point, indicates a slowdown in the pace of expansion of manufacturing production. The new order index is 51.4%, down 0.2 percentage points from the previous month, and above the critical point, indicating that the overall demand in manufacturing markets is better in the short term, with positive market expectations, but the instability of trade friction between China and the United States remains.
On May 6, US President Trump tweeted that on May 10, US President Trump would raise the customs tariff on US$ 200 billion Chinese merchandise from 10% to 25%. China’s stock market should fall so loud that it could be seen that investors’ concerns about the uncertainty of future Chinese-American trade frictions are enormous.
In addition, short-term economic stability has not completely allayed investors’ concerns, and Chinese real economic stability has yet to be confirmed by more precise signals. It is not expected that China’s trade friction will be a short-term problem, and the value of gold as a hedge is highlighted.
3.2 US — monetary policy easing, strong dollar indices, short-term gold shocks at 2 a.m. on 2 May, the Federal Reserve announced interest rate decisions, maintaining the 2.25-2.5 per cent federal fund rate at the same time.
At the same time, the market-based inflation compensation indicators remain low, and the survey-based inflation forecast indicators are almost flat. While there is no guarantee that the United States economy is completely good, the dollar index has the highest weight on the target.
With the ECB’s monetary easing, the probability of a renewed European debt crisis is not expected to be high. So the strong dollar index in the short term is a fact, but the long-term evolution of the dollar index remains focused on the post-euro economy.
Trend. Because of the negative correlation between gold prices and the dollar index, gold prices are under more short-term regressive pressure.
As geopolitical and trade friction negative shocks continue, markets expect the Fed to continue to release liquidity to stimulate economic growth. The US cpi is down to 1.5%, the m1 and m2 curves are backsliding, and the Fed’s top quarter is likely to show moderate, short-term interest increases.
But the long-term trend in gold still depends on the state of play in countries, and future uncertainties, such as the current complex geopolitical and trade frictions, continue to grow, and the value of gold as a hedge will further increase the price of gold. In the short term, the choice of a gold shock is inevitable, and the logic of medium- and long-term rise remains.
3.3 The lack of dynamism of the European economy, strong market concerns, weak European economic data, poor economic growth, widening output gaps and global trade instability, and the proximity of the United Kingdom have all prompted the ECB to implement loose monetary policies. President Draghi expects growth in the eurozone in 2019.
At this month’s interest rate meeting, the ECB said that it had postponed the first interest increase since the financial crisis until 2020, and provided banks with more ultra-low-interest loans. After several successive rounds of easing, the eurozone’s core inflation rate remained around 1.5%, with the ECB’s target of 2% remaining.
In April, the euro area closed 51.5 on the Markit composite purchasing manager index (pmi), which, although slightly higher than the previous 0.2 percentage points, is still at a low level of three months. In April, the service procurement manager index (pmi) was unexpectedly revised by only three.
The services sector grew slightly faster during the period: employment rose to a six-month high. The confidence of service providers remained largely in the region for the first two months. The euro area ' s April combined pmi end was also unexpectedly improved, from 51.6 on March to 51.5 in the city.
In April, the euro zone pmi ended slightly above expectations, but data still indicate that the eurozone economy was not strong at the beginning of the second quarter, and that subsequent growth remains worrying.” Markit chief business economist William Morrison, is still on the rise.
The eurozone economy has grown at about 0.2 per cent per quarter, but manufacturing has remained at its greatest depression since 2013 and the services sector has not been optimistic.” In one quarter, however, the eurozone economy has stagnated with European-American trade negotiations and automobile fatigue.
As the eurozone recovers, the market is expected to shift gradually, the dollar index is not expected to move more strongly in the long run, and long-term pressure on gold prices is unlikely to be significant.
Overall, gold prices are still on the rise, influenced by the strengthening of the short-term dollar index and weaker gold prices, but with the uncertainty of trade frictions between Europe and Europe and Central America, geopolitical complexities, etc., investors are frustrated, market fears are strong, gold will perform its risk-free functions well, and the logic of medium- and long-term rise remains.
According to the latest data from the Chinese Gold Association, in 2018, domestic gold production was 401.119 tons, the world ' s largest in 12 consecutive years, a decrease of 25,023 tons, or 5.87 per cent, compared to 2017, of which 345,973 tons of gold mineral gold and 55.146 tons of non-ferrous raw materials were produced.
Long, 112.783 tons, an increase of 23.47 per cent over the same period, combined with a total of 513.902 tons of gold from imported raw materials, representing a decrease of 0.69 per cent in the same year. In the period before the country’s sharp decline in mineral production and the steady demand, large gold groups have been growing, with China’s gold, Shandong gold, Purple gold mining, Shandong gold collection.
The gold production of the 12 major gold conglomerates rose from 52.42% to 55.08% of national production (including imported materials) and the mineral production of the country rose from 40.65% to 44.55%. The underlying reason is that in recent years technological innovation has been promoted and industrial structures optimized. The gold industry has responded positively to the development of national eco-civilization.
The construction, continuous transformation of development patterns, optimization of the industrial structure, orderly withdrawal of some of the mines in natural reserves, and the reduction or closure of some of the mine sites that are technologically ill-equipped have led to varying degrees of decline in mineral gold production in some provinces (regions) such as Inner Mongolia and Shaanxi.
Gold plays a very important role in global economic development by virtue of its commodity and financial attributes, and the expansion of the gold sector is closely linked to global economic development.The boom in the gold industry in recent years has increased the ability of gold enterprises to export technology and capital abroad.
The deep restructuring of national mining policy also creates good opportunities for the major gold companies to deepen their exchange and cooperation. Gold enterprises need to change the concept of “one-stop” business and to deepen international cooperation in the area of the gold industry in a comprehensive manner in order to work together to promote transformation, strengthen the exchange of experiences in science, technology, innovation and management, and build mutually beneficial global supply and demand and trade.
Together, the global gold sector is growing, consumption is shifting to Asia, led by China and India, and stable growth in production and demand will remain popular. As international currencies, such as the dollar, the euro, and the pound sterling, continue to devalue.
With gold prices falling in the short term, we still appreciate the medium- and long-term rise logic of gold. Shandong gold, China’s largest gold producer, is contributing to the company’s main profits from mineral gold.
The company’s performance is quite flexible vis-à-vis the price of gold. The operating income of alloys, gold bars, and gold products is the main source of total operating income for Shandong Gold, and it is clear that the operating income of alloys is decreasing from year to year, but the revenue of alloys and gold is running from year to year.
It increases every year. From Maori, the rest of the products have very little Maori, and the stock price of gold, which is almost all of the company's profits, lags slightly behind the price of shfe gold. The overall trend is closely related to Shandong's gold operating income, which is heavily dependent on gold. Thus, all the factors that may influence the volatility of gold prices are indirect.
The most common triggers are normal fluctuations in market gold prices, adjustment of national currency policies, reserves of gold mineral resources, mining costs, new mergers and acquisitions, frictions in international trade, wars, etc., as well as national policies that may affect companies’ operations, future mergers and acquisitions restructuring of companies, and advances in the development of mining technology.
Industry status, safety of production, etc. can also be marketed for company stock prices. Risks of falling product prices, production below expectations, international and national policy risks, mine safety risks