New Olympic shares (600803.sh) New Olympic shares: four-quarter performance loops have improved considerably, and look at the public's profile in the field of oil and gas and eng
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company fundamentals (RMB) and fuel and gas prices rebounded, company performance improved significantly, yielding 2,398 million yuan and ring growth
72.89 per cent; the net profit attributable to the parent company of 324 million yuan was achieved, a 14-fold increase in the ring ratio. 984 million yuan, or 52.20 per cent, was contributed by the coal business in 2016, while the price of coal continued to rise in the second half of the year, with a slight increase over the same period.
The cost of santos has fallen rapidly, benefiting from a recovery in oil and gas prices. Total costs have fallen from US$ 42 in the first half of 2016.
1. " New Olympic shares: the point of performance has come, when the eng tradable gold/barrells have fallen to $36.5 per barrel. Oil prices have risen by $10/barrell counterpart profit levels by $200 million.
Coal, the price of methanol warms, and the company's performance is flexible. The company owns high-quality coal mines, the cost of coal methanol is significant, and the industry low is still at a high level of profitability. The company is expected to achieve a coal price of 210 yuan per ton in 2017, supporting the engineering company with the major shareholder's lng receiving station project.
The New Olympic Group’s entire industrial chain collaboration has emerged. The New Olympics shares in the lang giant and controls the upstream sources of gas.
Businesses, in hundreds of cities, provide gas to millions of people. From upstream, midstream, the New Olympic Group has mastered the lang trade whole-industry chain, and future group-level industrial-chain collaboration is emerging.
The prices of oil, gas, coal and methanol have fallen significantly: lng engineering operations have fallen short of expectations: there has been a steady increase.
Figure 5: Energy engineering: profits from new land engineering (millions of yuan) Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.