Quarterly review 2024: "Soft and Hard Synergy + Autonomous Control" operational 25 October 2024: strong growth in Strategic Clients + Autonomous Products operations
The company continues to expand its new business architecture, building on soft communication advice, soft industrial connectivity, soft digital energy, mechanical energy, Qinghua, Qinghua-China-China six major business brands, and building the Beijing Deputy Urban Centre, Jiang Su Su-zhou, Jiang Su-xi,
The four major smart manufacturing bases in Zhejiang have built productive and intelligent products such as aipc, human robots, and i workstations. Since 2024, the q1 q2 and q3 battalions have grown at rates of +29.65 per cent, +61.66 per cent and +127.75 per cent respectively, with data for the 2024q2 mechanical revolution pc increasing by 86 per cent on the same basis.
Fourth: Intelligent international odm operations 7-, 8-, and 9-month-olds have experienced high levels of innovation, and in September they have refreshed the record of single-month odm operations since their inception. The new “soft and synergized + autonomous” industrial chain ecology is functioning well, with strong growth momentum in the two-wheel-driven priority business areas of “Strategic Clients + Autonomous Products.”
After a large-scale business M & As restructuring, the new business architecture system is fast and steady, cutting through key links such as product planning, business integration, management upgrades, and improving overall business performance on a seasonal basis. Persistence with long-termism, focusing on intelligence, autonomy, greening, and internationalizing transformation is on the way.
Intelligent development, companies applying smart technology products and services to a variety of industries such as finance, energy, manufacturing, launching of products such as the Sky-based Industrial Interconnection Platform, the Space-Scientific Management Platform upgrades, the Great Model One machine, publishing industry solutions such as large model reasoning, smart campuses, and the "ai+ Steel" of the middle-marked Mountain Steel Group,
Luzheng Yu's multi-purpose projects, such as the financial management of China's nuclear finance companies, have built several poles such as Shanxi Jinyun's “ai+coal mine” and have made strategic collaboration with China Mobile International Ltd., Hangzhou Bank, Jinan City, etc.
As an outstanding solution partner, the Division has worked with more than 400 eco-brand partners to develop more than 1,100 eco-products and have been certified by more than 640 Hong Mengji. Arithmetic products have succeeded in launching a new generation of generic server models based on the 920 processor, a ttenai server type, and a tweaking card based i
Station products, which achieve a comprehensive layout in terms of universal and isomer-based computing; pc terminal operations, which support national production cpu technical routes and mainstream national production operating systems, successfully marketed multiple end-to-end products based on processing devices such as sealight, dragon core, magnified core, fly-tower, etc. Green development of “double carbon” around digital energy and intelligence services, with local governments, industry and eco-deepness
In the case of digital energy, in the case of selected industrial clusters in Liaoning province digitized the service provider, and building on the virtual power plant platform, in conjunction with the National Network Liaoning Integrated Energy Services Ltd., in the case of integrated energy services, the source of the thongs in the air, and the Sino-Change Insurance Company Ltd.
The internationalization of business, leading to a major breakthrough in South-East Asia and the Middle East markets. The 2024 semi-annual review: the new business architecture completed its first appearance and built a “soft and synergized” industry shut-down.
At the Gitexglobal exhibition in Dubai, a Saudi memorandum of strategic cooperation was signed with a large ict lead company and a “excellent partner” launched the “Mixed Clouds for Central Asia in the Middle East” initiative.
Business systems are being built to drive the globalization of “service delivery + hardware.” The 2023 semi-annual review: Digital innovation shows resilience, and we believe that companies’ profits are improving on a quarterly basis and are expected to benefit fully from the progress of eco-industrialization in the future.
The team has a deeper industrial pool of resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy, new materials, etc., specializing in top-down industrial chain research and resource integration, looking at the upgrading of Chinese-made transformations, and working to explore the direction of strategic and emerging industries, offering full services to a second-tier market, and expanding the depth and breadth of productive integration to create value for the market. In the alternative, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not intended for any area, country, or other area under its jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations for sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization by China Air Securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.