The three-quarterly review of 2024: q3 performed brightly, Qunt Industries 2007 million on October 27, 2024, an increase of 78.99% from the same year. Corporate revenue grew rapidly, mainly in a soft and hard fight.
This is due to a slight increase in the size of the business. The net profit on return decreased on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters of 2024, mainly due to the combined effect of the combined M & As calculations and IT International at the beginning of the year, inter-firm business integration, organizational organization, etc., increased interest payments on M & A loans, and the expiration of the value added tax plus offset policy.
• “Pure Blood” was launched, and the industrial development accelerated: on October 22, at the “Night of Bornness and China is the new edition of the scene,” China officially launched the original HOPE operating system. Harmonyosnext was the biggest upgrade since the birth of Harmonyos, which opened the door to Hong Meng.
The world. To date, more than 1 billion eco-equipments have been installed on the system, and more than 15,000 of its applications and meta-services have been used.
The agency canalys report indicates that the pc brand (mechanical revolution and Qinghua co-op) in the soft-motivator flag has grown by 86 per cent per annum, with the highest domestic market and the fourth highest market share;
5 and the first to connect with harmonyosnext, to launch aipc, open-source Soft Power (301236): mid-2024 reporting point Hongmonaipc/intelligent interactive tablet, among other smart products.
Review: New business strategies are defined, and China’s industry is looking for a profit forecast and investment rating: “Blood blood” is published, and industrialization is accelerating. The volume of pc is growing rapidly under the flag of soft circulation. The company is a market-scarce producer of soft hardware and hardware.
It is hoped to benefit fully from the industrialization of Hong Meng. On this basis, we maintain the company's 2024-2026 Soft Dynamics (301236): The year of Hong Meng is approaching, and the soft power is based on three major financial projections.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.