Quarter-by-quarter performance has improved significantly, with soft and hard combinations forming China as the industrial chain leader 27 October 2024. Summary of events: 25 October 2024, 3-quarterly report 2024 by Soft Express Motivator, 2024
Business income for the first three quarters was $22,208 million, an increase of 73.07 per cent over the previous three quarters; net profit for the mother was $75,944.3 million, revenue from 2024q3 improved significantly, with a clear trend towards a return to warmth.
At the end of the year, the company’s net profits were positive. 2) The M & As calculations and IQI led to some cost increases at the beginning of the year, but the company insisted that the benefits were first, innovation-driven, efficiency-reducing, and profits improved quarterly.
Softline's international product, the Mechanical Revolution, was ranked second in the 2023 hot-market top 10 list. 2) According to Canalys, the volume of pc products under the soft-wire flag reached 742,000 in the second quarter of this year, with an annual growth rate of 86 per cent, the highest annual growth rate in the domestic market. 3) The company launched the North.
A new generation of Gwok Xinyu processors, a new-generation general server type, a tungai server type, a workstation product based on a totem card; and a cumulative close to 30 flagship projects for calculating products in the first half of 2024, including finance, public administration
Deep-farming is the basic software for technology layout, based on openharmony's aipc software and hardware system.
Built-up. 1) Basic software based on the power-based technology is fully configured: the company's basic software package includes crane operating systems, crane databases, Hongjongswanlinkos, etc. 2) At China's developers meeting, the swanlinkos were first connected to harmonyosnext, which allows for near-end connectivity.
2. Soft Connectivity (301236.sz) company dynamics report: Aipc ' s scarce aipc taps 2024/ Current Atlas sharing and document-sharing in a soft, hard, all-store layout. As of July 2024, the Hong Kong Lake Alliance was operating as an openharmony project
The total number of donor and core co-construct units in the category a has accumulated over half a million lines. Swanlinkos has published three industry commercial distributions to complete 50+ commercial equipment adaptation. 3) Software and hardware systems.
Building on: Long-term potential for a layout based on the latest version of Openharmony 4.1.1 release, fully integrated connectivity, helium architecture support, and strong functionality through soft connectivity
Soft power (301236.sz) event review: Soft and hard collusiveness in China's nuclear calculations, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, "Soft and hard" partner, combined with "soft and hard"
A new generation of smart products, such as Road 2023/11/13 aipc and the intelligent interactive tablet. 5. Soft power (301236.sz) 3-quarter 2023
Investment proposals: the company's hardware plus the layout of the three basic software \triangleright \triangleright platform \triangleright methodology and analytical logic, independently and objectively present the report and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.