Optimizing R & D projects and improving R & D efficiency Events: On June 8, 2024, Shanghai Medicine announced the termination of clinical trials and follow-up development of four R & D projects, and the second adjustment of new drug development pipelines after the termination of three R & D projects a month ago.
With $115 million invested in R & D and $322 million spent on the three previous projects, seven recently terminated projects have had a weak end-of-life perspective, which has helped focus resources on core projects, reduce R & D costs, and reduce R & D costs.
The impact of secondary special gains and losses is 44.8% of net parent profits (4.919 billion) and the impact of R & D inputs on net returns is greater. Early projects with weak prospects for termination, with a rational allocation of R & D resources, a focus on niches, could help to improve the efficiency of R & D costs and release performance.
The end of the project was based on early projects, consisting mainly of four mono- and three small-molecular projects. The single anti-project development project invested $345 million, or 79 per cent; b003 for breast cancer was in clinical stage ii, human group phase, b001 for the treatment of b-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma and b002 for breast cancer.i
During the period of the end of the clinical phase, the B001-a for multiple sclerosis was approved and no clinical trials were conducted. ii Clinical end stage, i022-k for late-stage physical tumours and i010 for the treatment of nsclc Clinic end stage i; 1022 and i022-k were both innovative drugs of 1 type, and 1022 was closed only for this time.
Clinical development of first-line breast cancer adaptive disorders, clinical trials of other adaptive disorders and follow-up development are well under way. Relatively deep 300 performance maps of management completed, with new management changes expected. Shanghai Medicines changed management in 2023
The new president, president and management team have been appointed, while at the Executive Committee level, Mr. Yunnan White Pharmacy has been introduced as executive director to introduce external oversight management mechanisms. The new management focuses on a range of mitigation efficiency efforts such as industrial park integration, North-South business integration, and is expected to enhance business viability and release gradually.
Investment proposals: Shanghai Medicine as a comprehensive, large pharmaceutical company with a business as a whole, a business block that works together, leads to competitive advantages, and an innovative development strategy that leads to business transformation. We appreciate the potential of the country’s firms to deepen the reforms, and we anticipate the Shanghai Medicines (601607.sh) quarterly reporting points.
China's Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
This report has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Qianpe, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of medical examination, plus six years of research experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.