Shanghai Medicine (601607), Medicine Life, 23 years of steady income growth, Innovative Lines in Harvesting Period, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Medicines business: accelerated distribution of business network coverage, sustained consolidation of leading positions. 2023 Medical commerce improved the drug circulation network, completed the merger and purchase of the Hunan Yunji pharmaceutical industry, and completed the merger and purchase of the Grand Sunny commercial block.
In 2023, the company sold medical products in six of the 10 billion provinces. Twenty-nine of the imported total-generation varieties were successfully introduced throughout the year; the imported vaccine agency generated about $5.2 billion in sales revenue and agreed on a 13-priced lung vaccine with Pfizer.
Contract sales cooperation; large equipment and health businesses have generated about $36.3 billion in sales revenue throughout the year, and sales and promotion cooperation has been concluded with the Gentiles Organisms on the Benalu injection fluids (fashion beauty); and a contract marketing strategy has been concluded with Sanofy, which involves more than 20 products in priority disease areas, with an estimated contract size of over 5 billion.
• The pharmaceutical industry: a strategy for the sustainable development of large-scale Chinese medicine varieties around a large variety strategy. The 2023 strategy for the pharmaceutical industry, which achieved 48 products of over 100 million worth of industrial sales for the year, remained the same as last year. The areas of cardiovascular control, digestive system, immuno-degradation, whole body resistance to infection, neurosis and neoplasm were covered.
In addition, companies screen several hibernation recovery products, and so on have resumed sales.
In 2023, the company invested $2.6 billion in research and development, of which: $2.2 billion (+4.4 per cent) was spent on research and development. By the end of 2023, the company had 3 innovative drugs in Ankorey (reassembled human type 5 gland virus), Kelekon (Yuriklin), Pefikon (diplomas) and Lang.
1. Shanghai Medicines (601607): Three-quarter performances highlight a new and improved drug, Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Sodium Salad. 68 new lines have been developed. 3 new types 1 are new and innovative pipelines are in the harvest period (2023-11-08)
Medicines were submitted for listing, of which 1001 (high blood pressure) and X842 (anti-fluous ophthalmitis) were submitted for listing.
Scenario 1: Business plates. Industry concentration continues to increase as tape purchases, double-tickets, etc., and scenario 2: Industrial plates. As innovation lines enter the harvest period, industrial plates are expected to move faster. We expect that Novo will not receive, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for his specific recommendations or views in this report.