20,241 medical business receipts increased by 8 per cent, and business innovations showed a bright performance Events: companies published a quarterly report in 2024 and earned 70,153 million yuan in operating income in the first quarter of 2024 Shanghai Medicines (601607).
2024q1 pharmaceutical industry operations are under short-term pressure and pharmaceutical business continues to grow steadily.1 At Camp Tang Aiking level, 2024q1 achieved business income of $70.153 billion (yoy+6 per cent)
Sales increased by about 33 per cent in the same year and successfully introduced four import-generation varieties; pharmaceutical cso operations, Geng Jong-tao, currently sold at $1.7 billion, or about 128 per cent in the same year; and the import end-of-life extension team continued.
(Yoy+2%), of which industrial operations contributed $674 million (Yoy-4%), commercial operations driven by “Autonomous R & D + M + M + Incubation” and 2024q1 innovation advances to a better performance. 2 new lines were added to the 12024q1 company's new drug line, 1 new drug project 1025-a rectal cancer.
The response team has completed the team leader's ethical meeting and obtained a paper batch to enter a clinical trial in the ; the second is the registration of an improved new drug, hq-0124, for the declaration of schizophrenia.
The start-up business was the Angé Treatment Company Ltd. (focusing on the innovative drug orientation of fittings) and the U.S. Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd. (focusing on the infectious diseases direction of bacterial disease).3 The pharmaceutical biomedical base was largely completed in phase one, with the company expected to invest in the second half of 2024.
Positioned as one of the three main functions of the “R & D centre, innovation incubation platform, mid-testing and industrialization platform”, leading to autonomous innovation, integrated innovation and synergistic innovation, the open-source innovation ecological chain at the forefront of the above-mentioned marine medicine, and the country's leading open biopharmaceutical innovation industry.
Profit forecasts: we expect the company to earn $28,178 million in business income in 2024-2026, new items to be marketed at a slower pace than expected, and collection prices are higher than expected.
Cinda Securitiesco. ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, in charge of the cxo industry study.
In April, it was added to the system of research in the field of scientific services and small-molecular innovation medicine; in April, it was added to the system of research in the field of medical equipment and medium-sized tablets; and in 2022, it was added to the system of research in the field of medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine and digital medicine.
In 2023, we joined the Cadastre in charge of research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, and icl. In 2023, we joined the Cadastre, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.