Electricity is expected to rise again on the next step, and this cost-effective increase in profits is expected. Summary of events: On 25 April, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2023, which enabled operations to take place during the reporting period. \triangleright
\triangleright’s annual overhaul and a 10-year overhaul of one unit, while the company completed a total of six major overhauls during the same period last year.
This is an 11.8% increase over the same period, with 12,298 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of the same year increasing in the red river. The current electricity supply and demand in Yunnan Province is still tight. If water is not improved as expected during the period, there is a risk of a reduction in the delivery of electricity to the west, and it is expected that the pressure on the company will increase further.
Subtracts, fees, other gains, leading to higher profits: q1 ' s overall Māori ratio increased by 0.9 \triangleright sources
A percentage point to 41.2%, with a gross profit increase of $621 million for the same year. Or, as a result of the restructuring of finance, the value-added tax refunds from companies raise other gains of $227 million to $514 million for the same year.
Commercial transport performance is on hold, and progress is steady: on 25 March 2023, the company ' s unit 3 \triangleright completed all commissioning work, had commercial operating conditions, and was expected to commence production in the first half of 2400.
At the same time, the Guangxi Development Commission has granted temporary access to the city port units 3 and 4 at a price of 0.4063/kWh 1. China Guangnu (003816.sz) reported in 2022 that: (including taxes) there has been a steady increase in the amount of nuclear power installed by the company, and the amount of power is expected to rise to the new level.
With slightly higher expectations, the future of the integration of the nuclear storage period - 2023 as the “Wallon I” demonstration project, the company's performance is expected to advance to the third quarter of 2022 after the formal price of the new fleet has been approved by the IDB.
Investment proposal: q1's electricity performance is higher than expected; drops, costs drive higher profits; anti-three units \triangleright \triangleright
Commercial transport will boost the company’s electricity to the next level. Given the amount of electricity and the price of electricity, maintain an evaluation of the company’s profits. 4. China’s Guangning (003816.sz) event: demand is weak, water and electricity is suppressed, and Taiwan 1 is back on its way to 2022/07.
5. The methodical and analytical logic of the one-quarterly reporting point in 2022 in China (003816.sz) leads to the conclusions of the study, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and views. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.