With the impact of the first half of the epidemic, the company has grown in reverse by relying mainly on zero-carbon operations. In the first half of the year, it earned 950 million dollars, compared to 24.34%, far above the industry.
Average. Corporate performance remains stable overall, with zero business growth,2 new energy car heat management, future 100 billion markets: the heat management system for new energy vehicles, total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
With the rapid roll-out of new energy vehicles, the 12-month maximum/minimum amount of space available for heat management lanes is also large. Assuming that new energy vehicles will take over the world in 2025.
20%, 90 million new cars, an average of $6,000 per car heat management system, three-flower smart control (0025050). Market size can reach $108 billion when it comes to research and development. Especially in Tesla this year.
In the process, the consumer’s recognition has gradually increased, leading to stronger developments in new forces, such as cars, pelicans, and cars. Three flowers, as the core suppliers of new-energy car heat management, also benefit from industry development.
3. Active deployment of new energy car heat management operations, advance storage of technologies: the company received new energy electric car heat management spare parts orders from various clients, including Daimler, Volvo, BMW, common, etc., from the 2017 bulletin.
The Division identified itself as an exclusive supplier of pump-type products for several types of heat management valves, such as a persistent new energy vehicle, with a projected cumulative sales value of RMB 2.5 billion over a life cycle of eight years. As can be seen, the company started new energy car heat management operations early in the year, and is now operating from traditional heat.
In the meantime, before the arrival of the new energy vehicle, it had been able to build up a long-term trap, stocking a number of components, such as chiller, electro-pumps, water coolers, water reservoirs, etc., and solidly supported the acquisition of more orders in the future.
Investment proposals: The company is working in the field of new energy car heat management, and there is much room for future growth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.