Shen Jia's performance improved in the third quarter, and there was a rapid growth in auto parts and components operations.
The company released its 20201-3q financial report, which generated operating revenues of $8.59 billion, yoy-0.32%, and recorded net gains, with demand delayed by the epidemic, and we expect the company ' s q4 performance to be better than in previous years.
The company’s auto parts and components are at a fast-discharge stage. Traditional refrigeration units maintain robust growth, and new energy efficiency standards for air conditioning have led to a marked increase in the penetration of the company’s dominant product, the electronic expansion valve; and the company also invests in commercial refrigeration projects, with good prospects for growth.
Company q3 registered a positive growth rate of revenue and automobile spare parts: the company released 20201-3q, which meets market expectations. On a quarterly basis, the company ' s operating income of 2020q3 amounted to $3.275 billion, yoy+17.4 per cent, net profit of $449 million, yoy+23.5 per cent (net profit after deduction of $375 million).
Long. With the release of demand as a result of the delayed epidemic, the company ' s q3 business performance improved significantly relative to q2, with an estimated 48 per cent increase in revenue from the q3 car spare parts business compared to the previous year, an increase in revenue from traditional refrigeration operations compared to the q3 Māri ratio, and a small increase in cost: for Māori, q3 recorded a combination of Māori.
At 30.1%, the ring raises 1.2 pct, a 0.5 pcc increase in the same year. By section, more than one car's spare parts, a rise in the same ring, a recovery in the Māori rate largely benefited from product structural optimization, and an increase in the ratio of electronic expansion valves with a high Māori rate.
The percentage point was mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations, which resulted in an increase of $1.13 billion in financial costs on a year-on-year basis, resulting in an increase of 3.7 pct on a year-on-year basis; in addition, there was a slight increase of 0.28 pct and 0.47 pct on corporate sales and management costs on a year-on-year basis.
The company plans to issue a tradable investment in commercial refrigeration projects: on the 21st day, the company will issue a swap plan to raise no more than $3 billion. In terms of the use of the funds, the company plans to invest $1,487 million a year in a 65 million commercial air-conditioning unit project and 698 million yuan a year in a 5050 set of energy-saving units.
The AC component project, which is expected to generate additional revenues of $3.63 billion and $1.98 billion, respectively, after the end of the life of the project. Unlike domestic ACs, companies are required to provide differentiated customization services to their customers, as a result of which Māori rates are relatively high.
The structure of the Division’s products will be further improved. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: companies, as leading companies in the field of refrigeration parts and components, create higher barriers to competition based on technological and empirical advantages.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.