Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) high-end new materials, steadily increasing competitiveness.
The company announced that it was planning to invest in the new Alpha-Frying Hydrocarbons (α-Fryry) complex in the Xujin District of Lilonghu.
Total investment in the project is about 25.7 billion yuan. The construction consists mainly of 2.5 million tonnes/year α-FOA raw material devices, 5 100,000 tonnes/year α-FOA devices, 3 200,000 tonnes/year Poe devices, 2 500,000 tonnes/year high-end polyethylene (Mowmet), 2 400,000 tonnes/year pvc combined and ancillary devices, 15,000 tonnes/year polyα-FOA devices, 50,000 tonnes/year ultra-molecular polyethylene devices, by-product hydrogen-lower resource use
• Devices, ng storage tanks, etc. National credit industry perspective: 1) new high-end materials such as α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe, metallic polyethylene, ultra-high molecular ethylene, etc. in layout, further entrenching the development base of the functional chemicals, high-end new materials and new energy materials of the Department; 2) prices of ethylene and propane, the company ' s main raw materials, have continued since this year
The project has not progressed as expected; the price of raw materials has increased; domestic demand has not been repaired as expected; new materials at the higher end of the layout have not been restored as well as advanced corporate competitiveness polyolefin elastomers, or poe, refer to the unregulated conglomerates elastomers of ethylene and high carbon α-vinyl hydrocarbons. Poe has high technical barriers to production and global volume production.
Poe applications are still relatively low in the domestic area of auto manufacturing, plastic manufacturing, and Poe has much potential for development in the Chinese market. In the field of photovoltaics, the poe film is almost the mainstream option of the two-provincial component, and many owners of the two-provincial power plants have been assigned to the Poe film during the bidding phase, hence the future of the photovoltaic phase.
Super-molecular polyethylene is a linear structure of finely integrated engineering plastics. In recent years, our ultra-molecular polyethylene fibres have been growing, and the ultra-molecular polyethylene fibres industry will continue to grow rapidly.
The country has put in place a series of policies to include them as key strategic materials, including, inter alia, the Directory of Model Guidance for New Priority Materials (2019 edition) and the Three-Year Action Plan for Enhancing Core Competitiveness in Manufacturing (2018-2020); and, on the other hand, the growing use of ultra-molecular polyethylene fibres, as industry skills continue to increase and the field of applications expands.
The product applications will generate huge market demand for ultra-molecular polyethylene fibres. According to the same offer, China’s hypermolecular polyethylene fibre demand increased by 19.87% from 2015 to 2019, and China’s ultra-molecular polyethylene fibre demand by 15.05% from 2020 to 2025.
The cost end of c2/c3 has improved and the industrial chain is expected to be repaired. Since 2023, the prices of ethane in the United States have declined significantly. As of 16 June, the cadastral price of ethane in China stood at $3410 per ton, which has been low for almost a year.
The fall in propane prices, which have continued to fall since February of this year, is now about 4000 yuan/ton, and it is expected that the price of propane will remain low, leading to lower corporate costs. The project is not as fast as expected; the prices of raw materials are rising; domestic demand is not being repaired as expected.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject