On June 17, a satellite chemical announcement was issued, and the project for the integrated use of new high-end materials was signed with the Park Management Committee. The project invested approximately 25.7 billion yuan in construction.
Comprises 2.5 million tonnes/year of α-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah-Fah!
Hydrocarbon devices, 50,000 tonnes/year ultra-molecular polyethylene devices, by-product hydrogen-lower resource utilization devices, ng storage tanks (subject to project filing). The company should complete all formalities before the start of work within six months and start construction by the end of 2024.
● Multiply production capacity for light hydrocarbons, opening up long-term growth space
The company ' s light hydrocarbon route is characterized by short processes, high harvest rates, low yields, low yields, low carbon emissions, low energy consumption, low water consumption, and at the same time is highly scarce and difficult to replicate.
Procurement upgrades facilitate further cost reductions, while providing low-cost raw materials for new materials such as α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, and high-end polyolefins with high risk resistance in integrated industrial chains.
According to the downstream support device, the company planned 500,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and 600,000 tonnes of poe devices, following the previous planning of the 100,000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe projects, to capture the α-vinyl hydrocarbons and Poe national production precursors. At the end of March, the company successfully completed a 1,000-ton intermediate test to achieve its national priority.
The production of the 1-octane device. We believe that in future Poe competition, α-vinyl hydrocarbons will be the key to constraining the industry and determining the competitiveness of future business costs, while the company also has the ethylene on the leftmost cost side of the industry, and we think it will compete in the future Poe chain.
In addition, the company's planned high end polyethylene (Multimetal), polycarbons, ultra-high molecular polyethylene, etc., are among the undersupply components of the domestic supply and are technically related to the α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe projects.
The synergy is evident from a profit-making point of view in terms of the added value of the first and second phase of the project products, and the profit center is expected to increase further.
2. A second phase of the eaa device is proposed to be built to address the karaoke. In the short term, the cost pressure of c2 and c3 has been significantly reduced and the price of ethane has fallen by more than 60% from last year’s high point, which will result in a significant improvement in the end of the satellite cost.
3. Three-quarter performance pressure, raw material price falls over $105, and c3pdh returns are expected to improve. Cost-side improvements will gradually occur in the second and third quarters, and performance is expected to rise with elasticity.
The price difference is at the bottom of history, and demand is expected to recover on a seasonal basis. In the long run, the company, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, has doubled the capacity of the project to produce, further enhancing the advantage of the platform. (For the sake of caution, this α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated use project has not been considered for the time being.)
(i) Risks arising from price fluctuations in raw materials and major products; (ii) safe production risks; and (iii) environmental protection risks;
(4) The project is not as fast as expected, using legally compliant information and producing the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.