In the first quarter, Jiangsu Bank performed well, with good earnings and improved asset quality indicators. The company estimates below industry averages, and continues to look after the company against the background of capital replenishment and fundamental improvements.
Valuation repairs, maintenance of increased ratings. 1 quarter performance leading, high income from major battalion operations leading profit growth and improved asset quality
Jiangsu Bank performed well in the first quarter, with a positive profit target of 17.06 per cent higher in the first quarter, 22.79 per cent higher in the first quarter, higher in the second quarter, higher in the second quarter, and higher in the end of the debt.
The increase in the net interest income of Jiangsu Bank in the first quarter was due to a boost in size and a positive performance in interest differentials. The expansion in size in the first quarter increased by 14.0 per cent, compared with 2020 (+13.2 per cent), the same end-calibre liability end-of-quarters cost ratio, 29bp, 6bp, respectively, we recognize.
The main factor is the increase in the ratio of deposits and the pressure on high-interest liabilities of the company. 1 quarter asset quality pressure eased and the base of provision further tightened. 1 quarter asset quality indicators performed well. 1 quarter negative rate of 1.24 per cent, compared to the beginning of the year.
The base of the provision was further strengthened by a drop of 8bp, a new low since 2015; loans of concern accounted for between 20 percentage points below 5bp and 277 per cent of the margin at the beginning of the year. We believe that companies benefit from a good regional economic environment, with a gradual clean-up of the stock loads.
Regional economic development trends are expected to remain robust in a positive context, and the quality of corporate assets is expected to continue. Given the rapid development of corporate business and the easing of asset quality risk pressures, our adjustment process 20200710
The recurrence of the epidemic has led to a deterioration in asset quality and regulatory and regulatory expectations.
Jiangsu Bank published the First Quarterly Report 2021, the first quarter of 2021 net profit from the parent ratio +22.79 per cent (2020, +3.06 per cent), revenue from the business year +17.06 per cent (2020, +15.68 per cent), net interest income +34.32 per cent (2020, +36.90 per cent), net revenue from fees and net profit from the main business increased at a faster rate than net profit from the main business.
The Bank of Jiangsu performed well in the first quarter, with a positive profit target. Of these, a 17.06 per cent increase in the year-on-year rate, or 1.38 percentage points higher than in 2020 (+15.68 per cent); net interest income increased by 34.32 per cent, maintaining a high increase; net revenue from fees and commissions grew strongly, and we thought that the first quarter was a bright performance or benefited from rapid growth in agency and hosting operations.
The size of $3.04 trillion, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period, kept the city's firm first in terms of total trust size and public trust size. The decline in fair value estimates in the first quarter has caused a certain drag on the rate of increase in revenue, which is expected to slow down in the next quarter. The company's net profit in the first quarter has increased by 22.79 per cent over the same period, while the income of the main battalion is well-performing and cost is well controlled.
The increase in the net interest income of the Bank of Jiangsu in the first quarter was due to a boost in scale and a positive performance in interest differentials. The expansion in size in the first quarter increased by 14.0 per cent, faster than in 2020 (+13.2 per cent, yoy). In terms of interest differentials, according to our calculations, the company started in the first quarter.
The trend continues to improve, with the end-of-quarters end-of-calibre end-of-cycle cost ratios of 29bp and 6bp down by ring, respectively, which we consider to be the main factors in the increase in the ratio of deposits and the pressure of companies on high-interest liabilities. From the first-quarter liability structure, one-quarter deposits increased by 8.32 per cent, or 1 bp down by year. Of this, seasonal changes in the asset and credit structure affected the performance of one-quarter asset end-of-cycle returns.
When adequate, one-quarter credit was largely public, followed by an improved demand for operating loans and consumer loans, a less pressure on the quality of retail credit, and a further tightening of the base of the provision. Companies performed well on the asset quality indicators for the first quarter. The negative rate at the end of the first quarter was 1.24 per cent, a decrease of 8bp since the beginning of the year.
We believe that the company benefits from a good regional economic environment, and that the quality of its assets is expected to continue in the context of the progressive clearing of its stock and the trend towards economic development in the region. Jiangsu Bank’s performance for the first quarter is bright, profitability indicators are good, and asset quality indicators are improved.
Given the rapid growth of the company’s business and the quality of its assets, which are on average at the industry level, the company’s valuation repair continues to be valued and its rating maintained against a background of capital replenishment and fundamental improvements. The economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation is either expected to over-market the concessionary policy, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.