The utilization rate has recovered steadily, with medium-term dividends and buy-backs to boost shareholder returns \triangleright's low-cost base of income tax credits having returned to normal over the same period last year, resulting in a decline in the 25q2 net return to the mother-on-year ratio.
Domestic routes are under pressure from changes in the structure of industry demand and competition, and international routes \triangleright \triangleright is affected by changes in the structure of industry demand and competition in the industry, excluding the 51 holiday industry, which has a double price (competing domestic occupancy rate).
The price performance of the monthly business trip has slowed down. Japan’s shipping capacity has increased its yield ratio: South-East Asia is a traditional international market for companies, Thailand’s market was underperforming in 2025 by multiple negative factors, and the company adjusted its international route, Wong Wen crane.
The structure increases the Japanese-Korean airline service, with 25h1 Japan shipping capacity equal to +11.7%, compared to the same period in 2019 +78%, and South Korea shipping capacity is higher than in the same period in 2019. 25h1 international line passenger revenue is equal to -5.5%, and while the recovery in international line supply has led to lower fares compared to the same period last year, Japan-Korean routes account for more than an overall increase in the international line.
The fall in oil prices led to a drop in unit costs, and aircraft utilization resumed to ease the upward pressure on the unit cost of withholding oil. Oil prices returned to domestic aviation kerosene prices at the same rate - 18%, and company fuel unit costs at the same rate - 13%.
(b) The upward pressure on the cost of withholding oil: the cost of overseas airport security is significantly higher than that of domestic and overseas suppliers of apparel, Japan, the increase in Korea's airline capacity has resulted in higher unit landing and landing costs compared to that of the company + 3.0 per cent, as well as an increase in the price pressure on engine and maintenance costs, and the cost of 25h1 unit withholding of 0.20 yuan, compared to 1.9 per cent and the utilization of 25h1 aircraft for 9.74 hours.
In the first quarter of 025, a new round of stock buy-backs was introduced to improve the company’s long-term efficiency incentives and to raise shareholder returns in the medium term.
The company released a new round of equity buybacks, to be purchased for its own and self-financed shares of $30-50 million for employee holdings (the last round of buybacks was completed on 22 August 2025). The company first carried out stock buybacks in 2022. So far, four share buybacks have been used for employee holdings, and we believe that the LPR mechanism reflects management.
In addition, the company announced a medium-term bonus of 418 million yuan (35.7% of 25h1 to the mother ' s net profit), reflecting the importance it attaches to shareholder returns. Investment proposals: international demand perturbations in the first half of the year, domestic prices are still under pressure, and we appreciate the firm ' s price resilience and fairness.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not motivated or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.