The fall in ticket prices and the impact of the tax shield on h1 fell on a year-on-year basis. On August 28, 2025, Spring and Fall Air released its semi-annual report for 2025.
One billion yuan, or 14 per cent less in the same year; of this, q2 achieved business income of 5 billion yuan, a decline in the same year-on-year return level of H1, which boosted income growth.
Rpk grew by 8.5 per cent over the same period, relying mainly on the international line rpk pull (year + 37 per cent, restored to 2. Spring and Fall Airlines: Falling ticket prices and impact of tax shields, q3 net profits increased by 77.7 per cent over the same period in 2019, becoming the first international market to operate. (2) Prices:
3. Spring and Fall Airlines Review: The H1 net profit decline in the cost of swing lifts led to a certain departure from the industry ' s pricing performance, including domestic flights.
This represents a 5 per cent decline over the same period in the earnings from the company's seating kilometre, and a 0.8 per cent drop in the rate for the main department, with a 2.8 per cent drop in the rate for the international line, resulting from the disturbance of the South-East Asian route.
The decline in unit costs was not equal to the decline in earnings, with a small drop in the profitability of h1. The unit cost for company 2025h1 was 0.303 dollars, a 3.5 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in the price of oil and a 5.0 per cent increase in the rate of daily utilization over the same period; the unit was non-oiled during the same period.
The cost is 0.201 dollars, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in unit costs. The increase in the financial cost rate is 0.4 pct, mainly due to exchange gains and losses.
The new Nanchang, Dalian, Guangzhou bases were established in the year; the new Xianan, Chengdu base, etc., in 2022, the Japanese line became the highest international line in the company. At the same time, the company has more room for recovery than the industry, with the company 2025h1 using 87 per cent of the aircraft per day in the same period in 2019.
The expected decrease in the fixed cost of the unit of the firm to be raised in swings and swings will boost the increase in profitability.
(b) Analysis of the rating ratios for the relevant reports in the market