In mid-2025, Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) reported that short-term tax shields affected profit growth, business stability in the medium to long term, a steady increase in revenue and pre-tax profits.
\triangleright seating rate has slightly decreased and fleet utilization has recovered. 3) Visiting rate: 25h1 Spring/Autumn combined/domestic/international and regional, respectively
Four aircraft with a fleet utilization rate of 9.74 hours, compared with +0.46 hours, an increase of 4.96 per cent over the same period, weak reporting and ticketing performance for Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) in 2024 and minor pressure on non-oil cost control.
Quarterly review 2025: fares are very resilient, cost is expected to improve profit efficiency, Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) tri-annual report 2024
(b) Cost of spring and autumn aviation (601021.sh) mid-2024: 0.303 yuan, corresponding to 3.5 per cent;
Business resilience highlights the time available to profit from the industry's lower average price of oil, a recovery in the fleet utilization of the company's fleet, and the firm's fixed cost.
The result was a decrease in unit costs on a year-on-year basis; however, the increase in the cost of aircraft engines, maintenance costs and landing and landing costs resulted in a certain pressure on the company ' s non-oil cost spread.
It is hoped that the supply-demand relationship and competition patterns will improve in Beijing’s west-city district, the Golden House No. 127 A. Wumenxi Street, which will bring about a return in fare prices and elasticity in performance.
Market competition has become rational, reducing malignantly low competition. Multiple factors have been added, or are expected to push the ticket price back, bringing about elasticity. Companies are more resilient than industry, and may be able to benefit from the elasticity of performance brought by the return, while the cost side is expected to continue with the utilization rate.
The recovery further reduced the efficiency gains and looked forward to growth in corporate performance. High flexibility, low-season resilience, continued improvement in profitability and business performance, and maintenance of public risk factors: less than expected demand for travel, less than expected demand for international shipping routes and a significant increase in oil prices
\triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., has been a part of the external evaluation submitted by several provinces, which has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.