q1 Performance under pressure, with attention to trajectories and transformational needs Investment event: company disclosure for the first quarter of 2024. 2024q1 achieved operating income of $6,509 million, and performance continued to be under pressure during the quarter.
The income structure continues to be optimized, and profitability increases again. 24q1 company has a combined Māori rate of 27.41%, compared to Wang Xia + 4.61 pct, which benefits mainly from the contraction of low Māori engineering operations. q1 company has a net interest rate of 10.95%, the same rate.
Compared to +0.58 pct, ring ratio +2.35 pct. All four cost rates of the company have increased, mainly due to a more fixed drop in revenue, with sales/management/research and development costs/financial costs, respectively, showing that the company ' s performance is expected to remain stable over the next two years from the start of the new contract.
Shrunk and low profitability contribute less to the company’s performance. The company’s track control system has a business order cycle of 18.29%, mainly due to the small number of q1 city track orders in 24 years.
At a rate of 4.5 million per kilometer, a market of over 45 billion will be released. On the urban track, the length of the market is more than 10 years, at 2,539 kilometres per kilometer.
In the low-altitude economy, a new growth pole is expected. As a team of smart transport and control jurisdictions, China General has a technological extension base in the management of low-altitude airspace.
The low-altitude economy (LET) Ltd., which has opened up full-scale cooperation with the company’s key elements of technology, capital, platforms, standards, etc., and has signed a “orbit + low-altitude” strategic cooperation agreement with the Suzhou Orbital Group. The low-altitude economy, as one of the new directions for the company’s future business expansion, is expected to become a new growth pole.
[Galaxy] Company Review _ China Express (6880009.sh): The level of profitability continues to improve, the potential benefits of equipment upgrades + the rapid risk of intellectual upgrading, the risk of increased competition in the market, etc.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.