A steady increase in performance, with a strong demand for products reflected in the increase in the pre-harvest period  a steady increase in performance in 2017, exceeding the promise of profit
The 2017 report was the first annual report after the completion of the restructuring of the company, and the company achieved operating income of 194.9 million yuan, an increase of 8.82 per cent (after adjustment) in the same year, and a net profit of 707 million yuan in the same year.
Billions of dollars, net profit of $649 million, overperformed performance commitments. As can be seen, after restructuring, Shen Fei achieved revenues of $18,895 million, or 93 per cent, from aviation products.
The reason for this is mainly the increase in labour costs and research and development costs; the increase in financial costs is mainly the result of profits, which in 2017 resulted in a net return of $707 million to the company and $369 million to the net non-return to the mother. The difference is greater because of the loss in the disposal of non-current assets in non-recurring gains and losses.
The net gains and losses from the period from the beginning to the date of the merger of the same controlled enterprise were 119 million yuan and 206 million yuan, respectively. 704 million yuan net profits from the company in 2017, $3.268 billion net operating cash flow and net operating interest
The significant increase in cash flows over net profits was mainly due to a significant increase in advance payments, a significant increase in advance receipts in 2017, which led to a significant increase in corporate money funds, and a strong demand for company products at the end of 2017, as well as the end of the military reform process, which led to military industrialists.
On the inventory side, the company’s stock stood at $8,162 million in advance payments at the end of 2017, but its stock as a proportion of total assets remained at a high level. Based on the company’s advance receipts and inventory, we believe that the company’s performance will increase rapidly from 2018 onwards.
▪ Further evidence of high business performance in accounts receivable, advances and associated transactions, with significant increases in accounts receivable and advances in 2017, at 61.84 per cent and 105.63 per cent respectively, mainly due to increased sales of products and pre-paid procurement
In terms of related transactions, according to the company ' s announcement on the company ' s daily performance in 2017, the performance of associated transactions and the forecast of daily associated transactions in 2018, are assessed by Shen Fei Group.
The value of related transactions for goods purchased from the China-China industrial group was $10.08 billion, an increase of 57.84 per cent over the same period. In our view, the amount of related transactions for which companies are receivable, prepaid, received in advance, and expected to purchase goods from upstream has increased substantially at the same time, as can be seen from the current high corporate business climate, which is fast.
The development phase, so we think that corporate performance will also grow rapidly.  Profit forecasting and investment proposals are more predictable, and future growth is better than previously expected, so we've raised corporate profits.
It is projected that the corporate rating will be revised upward to “buy-in”, that the production and delivery of the strikers will be less advanced than expected, and that the development of the new model will be less advanced than expected.
The 2017 report was the first annual report after the completion of the restructuring of the company, which achieved operating income of $19.459 billion, an increase of 8.82 per cent (after adjustment) and net profit of $707 million (after adjustment) to the mother, an increase of 25.58 per cent (after adjustment). Of this amount, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Shen Fei, achieved revenue of $18.478 billion, net profit of $649 million, exceeding performance commitments.
By sub-product, aviation products achieved revenues of $18.95 billion, or 93 per cent, an increase of 11.34 per cent over the same period and a change in the Māori rate of 9.58 per cent, due mainly to increases in the scope of management costs due to increases in labour costs and research and development costs, and financial costs due mainly to increases in net expenditure on interest.
On the profit side, in 2017, the company achieved a net return of $707 million to the parent net profit of $369 million. The difference is greater because of the losses and losses on the disposal of non-current assets in non-recurring profit and loss items and the net gains and losses from the current period of consolidation of subsidiaries of the same controlled enterprise of $119 million and $206 million, respectively, from the beginning of the period to the date of consolidation.
Overall, the income profit level rose considerably after the restructuring of the company, with a steady increase in performance in 2017. 2. Additional revenue of $8.1 billion, with a strong demand for products. In 2017, the company achieved a net profit of $704 million and an operating net cash flow of $3.268 billion, which was derived from net profits to operations.
Here, payables refer to accounts payable in 2017 in connection with the company’s business activities, including accounts payable, bills payable, other accounts payable and pre-collected. We have extracted accounts payable and pre-collected items on the company’s balance sheet, which shows that the larger accounts payable fell in 2017, particularly in respect of accounts payable.
A significant decrease in bills, but a combined increase of approximately $3 billion in payables to pre-collected items, mainly from contributions received in advance in 2017, is the amount received in advance by an enterprise from the purchasing or receiving unit, which requires the enterprise to pay for goods or services within a fixed period of time, after the enterprise has delivered or provided services as contracted.
The money is transferred to revenue, and the debt is discharged. The company’s main business is the production and sale of the strikers, and we believe that the large increase in advance payments shows that while demand for the company’s products is high, the return of the military factory’s main factory has improved significantly as the military reform has come to an end.
On the basis of the company’s advance receipts and inventory, we believe that the company’s performance will increase rapidly from 2018. Moreover, it is worth noting that Shen Fei’s merger date is 1 December 2017, and the sum of 11,840 million yuan in the books of Shen Fei’s account, which is 3.92 billion more than the stock of the listed company at the end of 2017.
3. The high performance of accounts receivable, advances and associated transactions is further evidenced by the significant growth in accounts receivable and advances from companies in 2017 at 61.84 per cent and 105.63 per cent, respectively, mainly due to increased sales of products and higher procurement advances.
The forecast for the annual day-to-day linkage transactions, which in 2018 are expected to buy goods from the China-China industry group, amount to $US 1,008 million, an increase of 57.84 per cent over the same period, and we believe that there has been a significant increase in corporate receivables, advance payments, advance receipts and associated transactions that are expected to purchase goods upstream.
In the long run, it can be seen that the current corporate business landscape is high and at a rapid stage of development, so we believe that corporate performance will also be rapid and that our projections of revenues and Maori rates for the company's operations are based on the following assumptions: With regard to aviation products, we believe that the demand for corporate products is high and that, with the continued installation of our sculpters, the company sails.
On the other business side, it is assumed that both business income and the Māori rate will remain stable, and it is expected to be better, so we have adjusted the company's profit forecast upwards and the company's rating upwards to “buy-in.” The production and delivery of strikers are not as fast as expected, owing to the complexity of the company's product production processes, upstream spare parts, engines, etc.
(a) The production progress of products will affect the production of the products of the company and, therefore, there will be some uncertainty in the production delivery of future products;
The company ' s performance has been affected by the fact that Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and has had an investment advisory committee on securities.