Release of equity incentive scheme, performance release and payment period 16 May 2018: Company announced a restricted equity incentive scheme (first phase) on 16 May, to
The director, director, manager, management and technical cadres of Chen Hsing awarded 4,07.27 million restricted shares, while the company issued a draft long-term incentive scheme for restricted shares, which is to be in force for 10 years.
In the form of restricted stocks, equity incentives are phased in to accumulate the total stock used for incentives  Implementation of equity incentives to enter the performance release and delivery period
In the company depth report, we argue that the cash flow of the company is more realistic than the profit scale, and that the level of profitability reflected by the cash flow is much better than the profit scale. We believe that most of the companies listed in the military industrial countries, including China and China, have been released for lack of performance.
The firm's incentive plan sets out clear performance targets - each of the three-year lock-out periods, the conditions for unlocking the net profit recovery for the preceding fiscal year compared with the preceding draft bulletin, which is no less than 10 per cent, 10.5 per cent and 11 per cent, while we believe that, after the incentive, the profits are realized,
The 10-year long-term equity incentive scheme guarantees long-term high growth in the performance of the total stock ceiling for incentives, and looks forward to the company’s long-term development prospects. The military workforce’s leading company is expected to move out of independence in the future.
Since then, there have been more constraints on the implementation of equity incentives by companies listed by military-industrial companies, such as support at the national policy and group level, R & D units outside the home, etc., making it more difficult for military-industrial companies to plan and implement incentives. Shen Fei is the first company in the military-industrial complex to issue equity incentives.
The project's companies, we think, have a punctuational meaning, whether in terms of the integrity of the listed assets, the industrial chain status of the military, or the motivation of the employees, that the Chinese Shen Fei is the pole and leader of the military industry, and is expected to move out of independence in the future.
Profit forecasting, valuation and investment proposals, and we believe that, with this incentive, the corporate profit statement will gradually be drawn on the cash flow statement when we calculate the reasonable market value of the company using the free cash flow method at $74.3 billion, corresponding to the share price.
The profits have risen considerably, and the cost rate has stabilized at $53.21. We believe that the company, as the country's sole marketed manufacturer of strikers, can benefit from the continued build-up of our advanced military aircraft, with high growth in operations and maintenance of “buy-in”
2. The depth of the flight was reported as follows: the production and delivery of the strikers in the main warplane was not as fast as expected; the development of the new model was not as fast as expected; and the free cash flow model itself was limited and the valuation results were used only as a reference.
3. Shenfeng China reported in 2017 a steady increase in performance and a strong increase in the demand for products in advance, and we valued the company using the free cash flow of the enterprise, with the following key assumptions:
With regard to discount rates, assuming that the risk-free rate of interest is equal to 3.17 per cent of the maturity of the national debt for the one-year period, the equity rate of return is fully demonstrated by the annualized monthly rate of return of 8.35 per cent over the last 20 years, with the equity rate of return premium of 8.35 per cent-3.17 per cent = 5.18 per cent; the expected ratio of total debt is 10.14 per cent.
Under these assumptions, the reasonable market value of the company, calculated using the free cash flow method, is 74.3 billion yuan, corresponding to the share price.