We have stressed on several occasions that the main increases are in the 16th and 31st.
\triangleright confirms that aviation equipment is a priority for the future, and that the company’s core military assets are expected to rise in real terms in the future. Dynamite-16 is a new multipurpose double-hatted heavy fighter aircraft that we have developed on our own to adapt to the strategic transformation of the air force, and that it can be used on the same platform.
High-intensity, ground-to-ground, sea-to-sea combat missions with different airborne weapons, with a greater capability of over-vision and ground-to-ground warfare, are important forces for seizing air control and coordinated combat. Unlike previously defensive fighters, the Chinese Air Force is the core force for future “attacks” using two State-produced Ws-10b engines (up to 14 tons of single thrust), making its combat half-way.
1,500 kilometres, with air refuelling, are enough to support this large-range fighter in mid- and long-range strikes, distant sea attacks, etc. The mission is an important vehicle for the strategic transformation of the Chinese Air Force from the Homeland Defense Air to the Defense and Co-operation.
It has been equipped with 16 units, presumably with 48 units. From the replacement space, Su-30mk has been on the list for 18 years, and its radar, shipping, etc., has been unable to adapt to current and future operational needs. The bombing has also exposed the ageing of aircraft and the lack of flight range.
As the fifth generation of Shen Fei's single-pattern, medium-sized and invisible fighter jets, we predict that if we go on board the ship we may need 80-90 dusk-31 in the future, excluding foreign trade export orders. The delivery of the company's latest mainframe models 15 and 16, or has entered the stage of formal price enforcement, usually at a higher price than the provisional price.
\triangleright’s follow-on price differential compensation is expected to accelerate the release of performance.
As a result, when the provisional price is inconsistent with the audited price, the parties to the contract are required to make up the difference on the basis of the principle of double-counting. Normally, the audited price is higher than the provisional price, and the company generally receives a price-fixing agreement or similar evidence to recognize the difference in revenue during the period.
From the progress of production of the company ' s latest mainframe model: the ship-carrying 15 was first reported by the media, including Xinhua Network, in December 2013 as having been formally installed, and the dry 16 was reported to have been deployed in November 2016 in an official bulk at the Gansu Fountain New Air Force Base.
Both types may shift gradually after delivery to the stage of formal price implementation, where the audited price is usually higher than the provisional price, the difference compensation period for the next 2-3 years, or is expected to enter the two types of machine, and the higher audited price itself is equivalent to a product price increase, and the company ' s future performance is expected to accelerate release.
Development is expected to accelerate as the 31 projects move forward. On May 13, 2018, \triangleright released a video from the Huixiang Hall, in which it was said that “as the fc-31 warplanes move forward, the Chinese carrier will be able to achieve a qualitative increase in their combat power”, we say.
It is also expected that progress will be accelerated with the support of project development costs. The future will also benefit fully from reform of the military pricing mechanism and performance elasticity.
At the 3rd plenary meeting of the Central Civil-Military Integration Commission in March of that year, it was stressed once again that “the key reforms, such as the breakthrough in the defence technology industry system, the equipment procurement system, the price of military goods and taxes, were accelerated.” We believe that in 2018, we have formally entered the phase of market-based reform of the military-industrial system and the intensive development of civil-military integration, and that the post-reform military-industrial lump-sum products will facilitate the rationalization of the price-forming mechanism and cost-concentration system.
In the long run, the company’s net profit level is expected to release a double elasticity of performance without changing the size of its income. The equity incentive scheme was launched, with medium- and long-term development confidence.
\triangleright Public Notice of the Equity Incentives Scheme, the first phase of which provides the main conditions for performance growth to be met in the fiscal year preceding the break-off date of each of the three instalments.
We believe that this break-down in performance augurs well for an accelerated growth in the company’s performance over the next five years, and that the firm confidence of management in the development of its own business is amply demonstrated by the 25% prior to the target business. The exclusive position of the former defense platform, with 2.5-fold ps with a target market value of $60.5 billion, maintains a “strongly recommended” investment rating.
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): The core assets of the military industry are expected to rise in volume and volume in the future.
The research assistant's profile is in the direction of high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies