One of China's Shen Fei series: China's Shen Fei, China's Shen Fei, China's Shen Fei incident.
The Shen Fei Group, which is the country ' s major research and production base for strikers, has hosted multiple strikers such as Dynamite-5, Dynamite-6, Dynamite-7, Dynamite-8, Dynamite-11, Dynamite-15, Dynamite-16 and Dynamite-31. During its 67 years of development, the Shen Fei Group has created two peaks of performance, namely, the simulation of the Soviet MiG series of aircraft after the United States of America assisted the Democratic People ' s Republic of Korea, the introduction of Russian Su-27 at the turn of the century and nationalization.
First: the Soviet MiG series was copied after the US-assisted Dynasty. During the U.S.-assisted Dynasty, the Soviet Union provided our air force with a large number of Mi-15s and their modified MiG-15biss, which showed excellent flight and operational performance. After the war, we decided to test the Mi-15biss with Shen Flying, the Soviet government.
In October 1954, the Aviation Industry Department ordered Shen Fei to test the Mig-17f, stopped production monthly, produced 767 for more than three years, and dropped one each day at a peak. The aircraft were the first barrel of gold to fly, and it was Shen.
The beginning of the first high-performance flight, the source of financial prosperity in the East, figure 1: Dynamite-5.
After the success of the first test, Shen Fei, just over a year after the commissioning of the Dynasty-5, formally signed an agreement for the Soviet Union to sell to China the manufacturing technology of the Mig-19 aircraft and to provide a full set of technical information, prototypes and parts of bulk and finished accessories. But with the years of China-Soviet relations, production ceased in 1983 and a total of 5205 units were produced.
Chang Fei has also shared some of the manufacturing tasks. Dynamite-6 is our first supersonic single-pattern double-jet fighter, our main type in the '60s and '70s.
Figure 2: Dynamite-6s, from 767 in the 5th series to over 5,000 in the 6th series, has experienced a massive quantitative to qualitative outbreak of Shen Flying performance.
First, after the war against the US-assisted Dynasty, we realized the need to develop military equipment, and aircraft manufacturing was a top priority. During that time, Shen Fei, the only aircraft manufacturing plant in the new China, assumed the burden of aircraft simulation.
Second, despite the completion of the development and production of our first series of jet jets, the international development of more fighter jets and the production of more fighter jets of the 6 series have created the air force of our country, and the same has led to a massive eruption of Shen Flying’s performance. Then Shen Flying also developed beams 7 and 8 on the MiG-21 basis, but only a dozen have been produced, and only a dozen have been transferred to continue production.
In the course of its development, T-80, which took place only in the early 1980s, was a high-altitude high-speed interdiction mission that no longer matched the air force’s needs at that time, so that only 380 units were produced. After the first performance peaks of T-05, T-06, Shen flew into the depth adjustment period.
The source of financial prosperity in the East is shown in figure 3: warplanes in the series of eight and eight for the second time: the turn of the century, the introduction of Russian Soviet-27 and nationalization.
In the late 1980s, 30-year-old Central Soviet Union unfrozen, and in May 1989, Gorbachev visited China, restarting military cooperation between China and the Soviet Union, which had been in a state of complete suspension. In 1990, we signed the first 24 contracts with the Soviet Union. In 1995, we signed the second 24 with Russia.
The Sioux-27 procurement contract was accompanied by the signing of an agreement to introduce the Sioux-27 production line, under which Shen flew to manufacture 200 Sioux-27 over a period of 15 years, of which the first Sioux-27 bodies were all supplied by Russia, and the subsequent batches gradually transitioned to Chinese ownership, but Russia continues to provide all 200 aircraft with engines and parts of spare parts.
Pilot training. In 1999, we signed a third two-seat purchase contract with Russia for 28 Su-27ubk. So, we introduced the Su-27 production line from Russia and imported a total of 76 Su-27 in three batches, including 36 Su-27sk and 40 Su-27ubk.
Figure 4: The Su-27 series of warplanes introduced the Su-27 production line, and Shen Fei started on the path to nationalization of Su-27.
Initially, only the imported warplane bulk was assembled, a phase known as thug-11a, which was successfully flown on December 16, 1998, marking the creation of a third generation of heavy fighter production master systems by Shen Fei. Since then, Shen Fei has been constantly seeking to increase the national production process of thug-11, gradually replacing core components such as the national production of integrated civil service systems, radars, fully glassed compartments, and digitally typographical manipulation systems.
The Infrared Search Tracking System (IRS) and the Photoelectric Aiming System (PVS) were also equipped. This phase, known as T-11b, was successfully launched in 2003 and marked by Shen Fei's autonomous ability to develop and produce a third generation of heavy fighters.
The fleet has been heavily equipped with the Liaoning carrier, and Dynamite-16 is gradually replacing the bombing with a multiplicity of tasks such as ground-to-ground, sea-to-sea, air-to-air.
China has spent nearly $20 billion before and after the introduction and mastering of the Su-27 heavy fighter jets, exceeding the total investment in the entire aviation industry since its establishment. To benefit from this, Shen has taken advantage of the Su-27 technology, completed the domesticization of Sioux-11, and developed a series of derivative models, thus pushing the company’s performance to its second peak, which will continue.
The station’s exclusive position, with 2.5 times its target market value of $60.5 billion, maintains a “strongly recommended” investment rating.
The research assistant's profile is in the direction of high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies