Production and pricing are based on Shen Fei, Shen Fei, and Shen Fei's incident is being evaluated.
With the formation of our carriers, there will be a growing demand for Shen Fei’s model, and the basic pattern of Shen Fei is also well suited to export foreign trade to a country that needs territorial defence. At this point, the same product is studied and is the Loma with the most advanced production-pricing system in the world.
f-35 becomes very meaningful. f-35 Project Profile \triangleright
The United States Department of Defense f-35 Joint Attack Combat Aircraft Project started conceptual validation in August 1995, with the first test plane to fly in September 2000, the test flight to be completed in August 2001 and the model development to commence in October 2001. Currently, the production line of Lockheed Martin has entered the initial low-speed production phase, with 66 in 2017 and is expected to enter the full-speed production phase around 2019.
Figure 1: U.S. F-35 fighter jets, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Of the more than $40 billion in R & D costs, the US paid nearly 90%, while $4.375 billion was co-financed by the United Kingdom, Italy, the Netherlands, Canada, Norway, Denmark, Australia, and Turkey. The “G8 coalition forces” were divided into three levels, depending on the amount of funding.
The United Kingdom is the only “first-tier” partner, contributing $2.5 billion; the “second-tier” partner is Italy, contributing $1 billion, and the Netherlands, 800 million “third-tier” partner is Canada, $440 million, Turkey, $175 million, Australia, $144 million, Norway, $122 million and Denmark, $110 million.
The production of \triangleright fighter aircraft is generally in two stages: initial low-speed production (lrip) and full-speed production/batch production (frp).
Although f-35 is still in the process of remodeling, the production rate of lrip (initial low-speed production) in 2012 also reached 30 per year. In terms of the initial operational capability (ioc) of the F-35 aircraft of the three United States armies, the Marines are in 2015, the Air Force.
The production line allows a “workday” to complete a total aircraft at a maximum rate of about 225 aircraft per year. In warplane production, it is normal to have a low output before and after production. Because of the initial low-speed production phase, manufacturers may encounter problems with the assembly of the processors in the overall assembly chain. As a result, production is lower in the pre-production period.
There will naturally be a significant increase in production when the assembly process matures.The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom has several concepts to explain on aircraft cost pricing, the average acquisition cost (apuc) and the average project acquisition cost (pauc).
The average acquisition cost is the average cost per aircraft, while the average acquisition cost is to add up the cost of scientific research and procurement to the average cost per aircraft. Thus, the average acquisition cost must be higher than the average purchase cost.
Flyawaycost, also known at home, usually includes only three parts of the body, the ship, and the engine. Departure price refers to the cost of the aircraft as a whole, excluding additional ammunition and accessories, when the aircraft is transferred from the production plant to the military base. This is a benchmark price. It represents the level of burden a warplane would have on an army or a country.
The average purchase unit price (apuc) is based on the departure price, which increases the prices of attachments, initial backups, support equipment, and thus significantly increases the departure price. The purchase unit price for the project (Pauc) is the total cost of the entire life cycle of the project, divided by the total number of aircraft purchased for the entire project, and the average cost of the aircraft.
On the basis of apuc, the military infrastructure (airbases, etc.) has been added, and the costs of R & D, testing, and evaluation have been added. For projects with a small production volume of f-22 and high R & D costs, pauc is much higher than apuc. For projects with a planned production of more than 6,000 f-35, pauc is only slightly higher than its apuc.
The price of the \triangleright aircraft is directly linked to the price of the production batch, the higher the production cost of the earlier the batch is produced.
It was $250 million, but by 2014 the unit price had fallen to around $120 million. According to information previously disclosed by Loma, the cost of the F-35 model aircraft would decrease by 55 per cent from the first to the fifth batch of small volume production.
Early batches of aircraft are more expensive because they can be used and trained at the earliest and are not complete, and will need to continue to invest in upgrading at a later stage. The first group of f-35s accepted by the United States will not be able to launch a fighter bomb, nor will they allow ultrasonic speed.
Only if the software systems on board are developed after the wrapping line has been completed can the aircraft be really upgraded to a complete version. Just like Japan's former source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, which purchased f-35, the United States suggests that it work with other countries on the ground in the United States, with the benefit of waiting until the beginning of 2019.
After the war trials and validations (iot&e) are completed, the trouble of returning from Japan to the United States for upgrading can be saved.
Most of the major equipment projects in the United States are also cost-added contracts, like the F-35 contract here. So Shen flew in terms of production and pricing, drawing on Loma’s experience, would need to demonstrate market capacity at the project’s conceptual stage, in order to ensure a sufficient volume of production.
And, in addition to the cost, manufacturers often do not have to care about the cost increases caused by the cost overruns in R & D, which can often lead to additional profits for producers. Interest. Foreign agents call the price of S-31 at about $70 million (only half of the price of F-35), as more future contracts are exposed.
Regardless of how prices are adjusted, it is certain that Shen Fei, as a R & D product, will gain a high return. The station’s exclusive position, with 2.5-fold ps, is targeted at $60.5 billion, maintaining a “strongly recommended” investment rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.