Three in the series: from Lockheed to Martin's development, from the Shen Fly to the Shen Fly.
The Lockheed Martin Company is the world's most famous arms giant and the leading defense contractor in the United States. One third of every year's procurement budget for the Pentagon is in the hands of Loma, whose defence products now account for 40% of the world's defence market.
In the process, Loma has been involved in the development of all generations of American aircraft from generation to generation four, and has firmly held the heights of reconnaissance technology. In the course of the development of our generation to generation four, Shen Fei has never been absent and has led the course of our surveillance aircraft with the help of a series of planes and drones.
In the early days of the Second World War, Loma developed a p-38 “Molniya” warplane, a single double-haired and flat-wing subsonic pistachio, which, by virtue of its distance, speed, load, high firepower features, was the only fighter that was able to counter the Japanese zeros at the time, as well as the largest shot-down of Japanese war planes in the United States. The aircraft produced a total of 9923 and quickly completed its original capital build-up for Loma.
In the aftermath of World War II, Loma developed the f-80 meteor fighter aircraft, the first mass-produced and service-based jet fighter in the United States. With the end of World War II, the aircraft’s orders were drastically reduced, but the Korean war gave it a chance to do more. f-80 produced 1731 and, on the basis of f-80, Loma developed the trainer’s machine t-33 and produced more than 5,000.
In the second-generation period, Loma developed the F-104, the world’s first fighter to break the two-fold sonic speed. F-104 was unable to be the American second-generation mainframe because of design defects, but the improved F-104 was favoured by Germany, Japan, Japan, Italy, the Netherlands, etc., and produced 2,578.
Loma was involved in the development of three-generation aircraft in the United States in the form of the acquisition of three-generation producers. In the 1970s, the General Power developed a single-generation three-generation f-16 for the United States Air Force, which, together with the famous f-15 “high-low mix”, became the leading fighter of the United States Air Force in 1993. The f-16 was one of the most successful fighter planes in the world, producing nearly 4,600 aircraft and selling nearly 30 countries and territories.
Figure 1: “Molniya” and F-80 “More Stars”
In the four-generation period, the "F-22" of Loma, Boeing, defeated the "F-23" of Noslop, McDougall, which was badly hit, and Noslop and Gruman merged into today's Nogle, and Maddo was placed under the flag. The "F-22" was the first four-generation machine in the world, and it set up a four-generation beacon with excellent invisibility, supersonic cruise capability, super-mobility and super-information power, but because of its high power.
Unlike f-22, the second-generation fourth-generation F-35 order in the United States is reserved for Loma, although f-35, which is called castration f-22, is still favoured by many Western countries, with the United States three armies currently planning to purchase 2,400 units and nine participating countries that finance development f-35.
The planned procurement of 3,100 aircraft, plus the procurement intentions of Israel, Turkey, and Singapore, will bring the total sales of f-35 to over 6,000, and most likely one of the world’s largest fighters. Looking back at our fighter history, Shen Fei is the only manufacturer of aviation equipment to participate fully in one generation to four generations.
The models under the flag are Dynamite-5, Dynamite-6, Dynamite-8, Dynamite-11, Dynamite-15, Dynamite-16, Dynamite-31, etc., which have made a significant contribution to the development of our aeronautic weapons.
The success of Loma in the field of aviation equipment cannot be achieved without the constant innovation of the Skunk Factory, which is now being developed and produced gradually from multiple aircraft.
In order to speed up the development of advanced aerial weapons, optimize the development process, and build a Chinese version of the Skunk Plant, Shen Fei led the development of a new aircraft test.
In 2009, Shen Fei took the lead in building a new, experimental, specialized production line in our country, breaking the Shen’s 50-year-old mix of new machine R & D and bulk production, creating 18 days before the new machine was developed.
It took only 10 and a half months to make the first flight.
Loma's skunk plant, known for its development of reconnaissance aircraft, is known for its historical name, including u-2, sr-71, rq-170.u-2 is a high-altitude reconnaissance aircraft developed by Loma in the 1950s, with a high-resolution photo-portfolio system and synthetic aperture radar (SAR), which can be used for all-weather reconnaissance missions at 20,000 metres of altitude. During its service for more than six decades, it had long been to the socialist states of Su, Central China, Democratic Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, etc.
In 1962-1967, our Army Air and Air Missile Department shot down five u-2 high-altitude surveillance aircraft of the National Air Force.
In order to compensate for the deficiencies in the speed of the U-2 flight, Loma has developed a more advanced sr-71 Blackbird high-speed surveillance aircraft, the largest-flying aircraft with a maximum altitude of 30,000 metres and a maximum flight speed of 3 mah, which has not yet been intercepted or shot down.
In addition to the titanium alloys used by 93 per cent of the sr-71 body, the sr-71 body was designed to adapt to thermal expansion at various locations and was retired from service on the ground earlier than in 1990 before the u-2. Figure 5: Sr-71 high-altitude high-speed reconnaissance aircraft
With the rapid development of drone technology, reconnaissance aircraft have entered the age of unmanned, and the Rq-170 “Sentry” drones developed by Loma can detect and monitor specific targets and transmit data to ground control stations through the data chain. In addition, they can complete missile tests, remote sensing surveys, and real-time collection of multispectral information. The aircraft, which was a strictly classified model of the United States, was shot down by Iran in December 2011 by the world.
Figure 6: Rq-170 Dismantling of drones before the drones are deactivated, our surveillance aircraft are mainly modified by scavengers.
The identity of the aircraft is to intercept incoming bombers and reconnaissance aircraft, so it focuses on the development of high-altitude high-speeds, starting with three generations of aircraft, the evolution of the concept of war in the world’s air force, and the development of empty-altitude fighter planes focused on mobility and combat capabilities. Although the second-generation aircraft is no longer adapted to the air force’s current, its inherent high-altitude high-speed features are well suited to be used to reconfigure reconnaissance aircraft, silting sequences.
A multi-type strike reconnaissance aircraft has been modified on the basis of thugs-5, thugs 6, thugs and thugs and thugs. The latest detection is based on thugs and thumps and thumps.
Reconnaissance is still very advanced and fully meets the need for surveillance of the surrounding maritime areas.
After the droneization of the reconnaissance aircraft, Shen Fei and Cheng flew quickly to follow up on the development of two drones of strategic reconnaissance character, the Great Sculpt and the Shao Lung respectively. According to the report, the Great Sculpt was designed with two wings, 25 metres long, 50 metres wide and 20 tons wide, the largest drone in the world to date, crushing the American Global Eagle drone in body form.
Two-band radars can be added, with X-bands providing accurate fire control information and an anti-hidden capability in the uhf band. In addition, there is enough space for photosensors, ccd cameras, HF/VHF communications, data chains, etc., to perform electronic reconnaissance, infrared detection, visual reconnaissance and missile alerts, communications relay command, etc.
Figure 8 The exclusionary status of the “Sculpture of God” drone station, granted to 2.5 times ps, with a target market value of $60.5 billion, maintains a “strongly recommended” investment rating.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.