2nd Report of the China-China Shen Flying Series: From Cheng Flying 10th of 06th of 2018, Shen Fry is on display.
Shen Fei and Cheng Fei are two of the country's most important fighter bases.
Founded in 1958 at the State-owned 132 plant, the latter was created to introduce competition from some of its technicians. For more than 60 years, Shen Fei and Cheng Fei have worked together in competition, making a major contribution to the development of our aviation equipment.
On 19 July 1956, the success of the first wave, developed by Shen Fei in the light of the Soviet Mig-17f fighter jets, marked the era of the jet industry. In September 1956, Dao-5 began mass production, and in May 1959, Shen Fei stopped production of titium-5 and began full production of new engine type 6-6, while a complete set of stub 5 was handed over to a new set of blueprints created in time, which was developed on the basis of a tit-five.
Day-to-day strikers go to all-weather strikers (reforms) and tonics-5 (trainers). A total of 1994 planes were produced in the Roth-5 series, of which 767 were produced in Shen Fei, and 1227 in the form of fly-to-fly rice-to-maxes and antimony-5s, which can be said to be a flying “manufacturer.” If it's a fly-to-man-5 “manufacter”, the Roo-7 is “rich” because it's based on the Soviet MiG-21 simulation.
It is based on more than a dozen models, including 7i, 7ii, 7ii, 7e, 7m, and 7g, that are exported to more than a dozen countries, including the United States, and has generated huge foreign exchange earnings to make a flight. The major changes are still single-haired, but they have been converted from turbo to vortex, and the airways have been converted from engine-to-ship to engine-to-air, i.e., to wind-to-ine.
Dynamite-9 is two projects that were set up and developed in parallel, each by Shen Fei and Cheng Fei. Although it has passed through the wave, the final project has fallen to the ground, the iv-triangular layout, the iv-tailless layout of the iv-tailless wing layout, and the thug-9-vi-wing layout, which has been laid down three times, and eventually died.
Figure 1: The major transformations developed by Shen Fei to make Flying Flyingers rich continue to be single-haired, but from vortex to vortex, the airways are changed from engine-to-plan to side-to-side, i.e., scavenger-to-side. The two projects that were developed in parallel and in parallel, were set up in the same period.
And it's got to be 811; and it's not so lucky that the army's demands are changed, and the design of the plan is changed, from a triangle layout of 9 iv to a wing layout of 9 iv and a wing layout of 9 iv, to a duck wing layout of 9 iv, three times down and three times dead. Figure 2: The formula of 2 – 9 will be changed.
Three generations: Autonomous development and imitation innovation \triangleright in the 1970s and 1980s, three generations of European and American aviation powers served, and in the late 1980s and early 1990s, our flight started with Shen Fei.
However, the two development paths are different, with the Shen flying heavy trio-11 series of “Introduction of imitation re-innovation” (detailed by Shen Fei II: two performance peaks in history), while the flying medium trio-10 is completely independent from the above-mentioned point of view, Choo-9 is the country's attempt to catch up with international targets for advanced military aircraft in a context of limited aviation science and technology and a weak industrial base.
One attempt, but the target was too high, and the project ended up falling apart. But, without losing sight of it, the exploration of the duck wing layout, the source of easterly wealth and wisdom, provided an important technological basis for the successful development of the post-10. In a sense, the figure was equivalent to 10 for the next 10 years.
We have joined forces to fill the gaps in our medium- and three-generation and heavy-duty three-generation aircraft, but instead of complacency and inaction, we have continued to innovate and rise again to upgrade the three-generation aircraft, Dao-10a, Dao-11a/b, to more robust three- and a half-generation aircraft, such as Cho-10c, Daa-16.
Figure 3: Dynasty-10c and Dynamite-16. It is worth mentioning that Chengfir and Pakistan have jointly invested in the development of a quasi-three-generation warplane — fc-1 “Directone” (Jf-17 “Rare Power”), which was the first time that our country authorized offshore production by means of whole-of-the-board technology export, had been heavily equipped with the Pakistan Air Force and had several other countries.
Four Generations: \triangleright \triangleright, September 7, 1997, the first four generation F-22 in the world, developed by the United States, was successfully launched, followed up quickly, and set up a project to develop four generations.
On 11 January 2011, the first flight was successful, the third country with four generations of technology after Russia and the United States, and on 31 October 2012, just over a year later, the first flight was successfully completed by Shen Fei ' s development, the second country to develop two four generations simultaneously after the United States.
In the second half of 2016, the Tsao-20 formally entered the air force sequence, first equipped with a pilot training base for the Air Force. On 9 February 2018, air force newscasters claimed that the Tsai-20 had begun to assemble air force combat units. On 9 May 2018, air force news spokespersons said that Tssao-20 had gone out to sea and had conducted the first military training in a warlike direction at sea.
Contrary to the three-generation period, the beginning of a heavy four-generation aircraft was the first in the development of a heavy four-generation aircraft, and the late start of a Shen Flying was looking at a medium four-generation aircraft, whose development of Dynamite-31, with its super-high value ratio, could be a favor on the foreign trade market. Moreover, Dynamium-31, with its relatively small size and air weight, could also be the preferred option for our next generation of invisible fighter planes.
It's easier to move, the carriers have more racks and more flying, which is the key factor in determining the carrier's combat power.
The age of drones: The Sword of the Shen Flying War has gone on for over 100 years now, and the first drone has been used primarily as a target machine for a long time.
After that, Western countries, fully aware of the role of drones in war, began to compete to apply high-tech technologies to drone development and development, and their capabilities were expanded from target, tactical reconnaissance to strategic surveillance, electronic confrontation, fire strikes, for example, the United States developed Mq-1 “Budgers”, mq-9 “Death Gods” and rq-4 “Global Eagle” strategic reconnaissance drones, x-47b ships, etc.
Military drones of all kinds, such as invisible drones, mq-25s, and drones. Our military drones are being developed late, but with rapid momentum, we have developed models such as Rainbow, Wing Dragon, Shang Lung, Le Li, Sword, Dark Sword, Cloud Shadow, and Sculptor of God.
The Flying Dragon series is conservative, focused on detection and a certain ability to strike against the mq-1, and the Flying Sword series for the rq-4 are mainly used for strategic surveillance. The Flying Sword series is relatively radical, using wing layouts and built-in cartridges, United States x-47b, French Neutrons, British Thunder God, known as the world’s four invisible drones, and occupying the heights of today’s military drone technology together.
The Dark Sword has innovatively adopted a triangle-shaped lift-up body with a rear-wing duck layout that is designed to be different from the mainstream West drones, which are likely to become the first drone capable of supersonic cruises. Looking back at more than 60 years of development, Shen and Flying have grown up in support, competition, and complementarity, especially in the development of three-generation and four-generation aircraft.
In the process, the invisible pattern of “one party in charge of medium-sized aircraft and the other in charge of heavy aircraft” has led to the improvement of our air equipment system, and the development of a competitive environment is bound to encourage the two companies to continue to perform both ways.
The exclusive position of the East’s financial and intellectual sources is given to 2.5 times ps, with a target market value of $60.5 billion, maintaining a “strongly recommended” investment rating.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.