The company's business is evolving and its employees are being encouraged to launch a stock incentive program on May 15th.
Our analysis and judgment: (i) The equity incentive programme has been launched to promote development. The company proposes to award approximately 4.07 million shares to 92 personnel, including directors, executives and technical cadres.
Unlocking conditions are that the average unweighted net asset return in the previous fiscal year was no less than the rising and robust performance growth targets, respectively, to underscore the firm’s confidence in future development. The incentive plan foresees an amortization of approximately $55.5 million over the next four years, with limited impact on the company’s performance.
It is expected that core backbone motivation will be fully mobilized, that military operations will be full and sustainable + workforce dynamism will emerge, and that corporate development will begin a new journey.
(ii) Large-scale production of war planes, which is expected to increase significantly in profitability, the Chinese Air Force is increasingly demanding the arrival of all over the country and the long-range cruises, while our four-generation aircraft have not yet formed a force for a single strategic direction to compete for air control.
The number of naval tactical aircraft is insufficient, so the long-range heavy tactical aircraft is a better option. As one of the company’s fists, the fighter jet is expected to be loaded in bulk in the future, and the build-up of the military pricing mechanism is expected to increase the company’s profitability significantly.
In addition, the company raised funds for 2017 to develop production projects in new machines, thereby providing “multiplicity, small batches, high accuracy, low cost, rapid development” production capacity.
(iii) Incentives are put in place at the group level, and reforms in State enterprises are further advanced.
The Act, the first more comprehensive document on medium- and long-term incentives since the establishment of the Group, sets out the planning and details of the three types of companies listed, non-listed and state-owned technology enterprises. With the introduction of the China-China Shen Fei Incentives Program, the rest are listed.
Companies are expected to follow suit, and investor engagement will increase significantly. Moreover, as the first group-level employee incentive for the military-industrial group in the country, the modeling effect of the poles highlights the future of its military-industrial group, which is expected to follow suit, and the reform process of state-owned enterprises takes a step further.
The company maintains a “recommended” rating as a fighter leader with a high degree of scarcity and impact.