The company issued a draft long-term incentive scheme for restricted stocks and the first phase of a limited incentive scheme for restricted stocks:
1. This long-term incentive plan is valid for 10 years from the date of adoption by the Shareholder Assembly. This long-term incentive plan is implemented in stages of five years, with an interval of three years (36 months) between the implementation of the incentive plan.
The award of the first incentive was set at $22.53 per share, equivalent to a six-fold discount on the market price, for senior managers and technology \triangleright.
A total of 92 cadres are planned to be awarded 4,072 thousand shares, with a high degree of goodwill and a significant incentive. Performance locking conditions are high, with long cycles. In terms of unlocking performance conditions, the following conditions are to be met for the fiscal year immediately preceding each release day in three instalments: \triangleright
This incentive is restricted to shares for a two-year period from the end of the sales ban. \triangleright
In the three-year period, one third of the restricted shares were released each time, and the actual number of unlockables was linked to the results of the previous year ' s performance evaluation of the incentive audience. Ratings a/b/c/d correspond to 100 per cent/95/60/de-locking shares of the actual number of unlockables for the year, respectively, and both the firm ' s overall business performance was achieved and individual performance was tied.
We believe that this break-down in performance augurs well for an accelerated growth in the company’s business performance over the next five years, and that the constraints imposed on the first 25% of the target companies are a strong indication of management’s confidence in the development of its own business. The future high profile of the military-industrial sector recognizes that aviation equipment is a priority for future development, and that the company’s core military assets are expected to increase in volume in the future.
In terms of volume, the company will increase its equipment by 16% and 31%. The 16% was developed by the country itself in response to the strategic transformation of the air force.
In terms of replacement space, the target is to replace approximately 100 Su-30 and more than 200 Su-30 and more than 200 bombing-7, and more than 300 replacements. Dhoi-31 (Keyhawk) is the fifth generation of Shen Fei's single-pattern medium-invisible fighter jets, and we predict that if we go on board the ship, we will be able to replace both of us in the future.
(b) In terms of prices, we believe that in 2018 we have formally entered the phase of market-based reform of the military-industrial system and deep development of civil-military integration, with the reform of the post-military-industrial products, which would streamline the price-formulation mechanism and cost-concentration system, promote greater cost management by enterprises and eliminate some of the financial constraints.
\triangleright’s cause is the promotion of balanced production for the company, and the delivery point of the product has moved forward compared to the previous period. While the net profit of the company has declined over the same period, mainly because of a significant increase in management costs (16% of last year’s total). Shen Fei’s performance has been growing at a high rate of over 20% for the second consecutive year, while at the same time it has been growing at a very high rate.
The company’s Māori rate has risen, or has reached a model delivery peak, while the company’s quarterly reports show a 60% increase in advance payments compared to the same period last year (making comparable calibers) or signalling an acceleration in the pace of orders by the military.
\triangleright argues that this scheme of equity incentives, which has taken the lead in stifling the reform of the military-industrial backbone, will greatly boost the market’s confidence in the rapid landing of military-industrial reforms. The Shen Fei’s scheme of equity incentives also provides a frame of reference and conditions for companies such as the Chinese airplane and the Chinese direct shares.
At the 3rd plenary meeting of the Central Civil-Military Integration Commission in March 2018, it was stressed once again that “a breakthrough in key reforms to accelerate the reform of the defence technology industry, the equipment procurement system, military prices and taxes.” We believe that in 2018, which has officially entered the phase of market-based reform of the military-industrial system, the company, as the military-industrial complex, will fully benefit from the policy dividends of the reform of the military-industrial system, including prospects for the future.
The former defense platform was given a 2.5-fold ps, with a target market value of $60.5 billion, maintaining a “strongly recommended” investment rating. There was a decline in defence spending: model orders did not match expectations.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
Master ' s degree from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, four years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the China-China securities, the Great Wall securities, and joined the East-Hungsing Securities Military Industries Group in 2017.
Zhang Cheuk Qi's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.