The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated business income of 10,034 million yuan during the reporting period.
This is a 357% increase; a total profit of 1,477 million yuan, a decline of 11.84% in the same year; and a reduction in attribution of 0.92 pct to 27.53%. Investment in the electricity grid fell throughout the year under internal and external pressure, but in the second half of the year it was better than in the first half of the year, but the structural growth of smart investment in the grid industry brought growth to the company from the national grid.
In the long run, as the new generation of dispatch systems begins to evolve, the performance of corporate grid automation units is expected to accelerate. This is mainly the impact of the increase in the share of network security equipment.
The core units that support the country’s grid in connection with electricity grids are fully involved in top-level programmes, special-purpose designs, and comprehensive tracking of relevant projects is expected to maintain a high rate of growth.  Subsistence protection and flexible transmission blocks earn 1,420 million, with an equivalent increase of 2.5%, and the Māori rate drops by 3.31cpt
A new round of ultra-high-pressure orders is expected to land gradually.
Division lease orders for large quantities of energy-saving equipment, distribution networks, etc., and partial integration orders (outloading of equipment), 1, N.N.U. (600406): Overall, it is expected to drive higher profits from corporate section revenues. 18 years of “energy-saving equipment” in construction work
In line with expectations, the budget of the ICT+Movement+Expressive Lease Project is $8.86 billion, with an account balance of $2.87 billion, compared with $1.47 billion at the beginning of the year, which still augurs well for the growth of section performance.
This business profit still has several times the scope to grow. Growth, coupled with a new generation of dispatch systems, super-high pressure-driven firm performance growth, corporate profits.
It is expected that: IEC operations, movement control operations, ultra-high pressure operations and flexible direct-flow projects will fall below expectations to achieve business income of 10,934 million yuan, an increase of 357 per cent over the period; total profit realization of 1,477 million yuan, a decrease in the same year; net profit of parent companies of 1,125 million yuan, a decrease of 10.59 per cent over the same period, an increase of 1369.02 per cent over the second quarter.
Income and profit growth are generally expected. The effect of the change in the method of excluding bad debt estimates is a net gain of 27.53 per cent in the first half of the year. The overall decline in grid investment is expected this year, but there is a structural growth in grid smart investment and a new generation of modulation systems will be launched.
Under internal and external pressure, investment in the grid fell throughout the year, but was better in the second half than in the first half of the year. On the one hand, the manufacturing landscape has been relatively low in the country since 19 years, and electricity use has slowed down; on the other hand, the national business target of 19 years has been reduced by 10 per cent, putting some pressure on the operation of the grid, with the national network collecting $126.2 billion in the first half of the year.
The net profit is $30.4 billion, or 15.1% of the operating pressure, and the network’s investment has increased at a rate of 19 years. According to the Nanxis subsidiary’s caliber, the company’s profits on the side of power generation, such as South Rufton, Nanxi solar, and gyroenergy, have been lost, and its performance has been delayed.
The structural growth of smart investment in the grid sector has brought growth to the company, with a second set-up better than once, in view of the bidding for the national grid. The structural growth of smart investment in the grid, on the one hand, with large future access to distributed energy sources, and the gradual shift from power-side automation to power-side automation, on the other hand, is a big trend, and the end-of-user market is a growing company.
On the other hand, new energy access places higher demands on the grid, and the ability of future grids to absorb new energy sources needs to be further enhanced, which places higher demands on the intellectualization of dispatch and security stabilization technologies. In the case of national grid-to-power tendering, the three tenders were down overall 19 years ago, but structurally.
The bidding for secondary equipment (protective, transformable monitoring equipment) has grown better. The country’s share in the 19-year collection of national grids has increased by the same amount, and the secondary barriers are high, sticky, and the long-term share is still strong.
The point for the future is a new generation of dispatch systems. The current d5,000 dispatch system, which has been in place since 2013, has lasted almost five to six years, from demonstration provincial companies to state-to-state transfers. New power sources are now increasing, grid-side super-high-pressure network trends, load-side market reforms require technical support.
With new demands from the network movement control system, the next generation of the movement control system is now in the research and development phase, and it is expected that next year, with a new iterative cycle expected to be rolled out, especially in the context of the electricity grid, a new generation of the movement control system is expected to replicate the d5,000-country network-led format, and Nanwe is expected to remain a monopoly.
The impact of the increase in the share of network security equipment is that Swe is the central unit that supports the country’s grid in connection with electricity grids, and the Internet in the direction of electricity grids. The goal of the “two meetings” of the 19-nation network in connection with electricity grids is to create a network of electricity grids.
A conference was held in March 19 to fully deploy electricity grid-building. The plan was “one year pilot, two years extension, three years of success”, and the National Networking Group aimed to collect more than $100 billion in 2021 for the energy Internet, with 1 billion connections; in 2025, it accounted for more than half of the group's total and 1.5 billion grid-connected devices.
As the core unit supporting the country's grid in electricity networking, it is fully involved in top-level programmes, special programmes and projects, and the overall tracking of the projects is expected to continue at a high rate. In electricity networking, the company has set up a dedicated team, increased research and development inputs, and participated fully in the country's grid in electricity networking.
The top-level and special-purpose programmes were designed to carry out pilot projects such as the Jiangsu-Net Cloud Station and the Shanghai Three Stations Together project, which supported the successful delivery of the first national demonstration project on the network of intelligent all-aware transformer plants. On the side of the household, a demonstration project on energy efficiency monitoring of Jiangsu Integrated Energy Services was signed.
With the prospect of gradual landing, Nanwe will continue to be the core force supporting the nation's grid in grid-connected electricity, ICT growth is sustainable, profits are expected to grow faster as the relevant orders are laid down, and the last round of orders confirms close to the end, 1809 LTL construction is restarted and opened.
A new cycle. Superpressure investments have a clear cyclical nature. Since the last cycle of 12 years, when the Bureau of Energy concentrated 14 rounds of high-pressure lines, investments in grids rose gradually in 13-17 years, focusing on 15-16 years, 17 years, a round of basic production of all lines, and 18 years of pressure on equipment suppliers.
We know that we've accelerated the 5th to 7th straight-high-pressure construction, and that, after the resumption of the super-high-pressure investment, there are now Qinghai-Hannan and Zhang North-Hung, which will result in an additional order of $50-60 billion for the main equipment, of which the direct-flow flow valve plus protective equipment will be updated by more than 10 billion, exceeding the total market share of Nan Ri's + Prey Project by 40 per cent in historical orders.
Right, the reboot of the super-high-pressure cycle has increased firm performance certainty. In September, the company was marked as the North Straight Gbt Reflux valve, Utungde-Gangsitra High-pressure Reflux valve, and in January 2019, the company continued to record a high share of the Qinghai-Hingnan and Wuhant High-pressure Reflux.
In the second half of the year, the company is expected to continue to win a large share of the competitively high-pressured projects that began in July. The construction cycle of the super-pressure line is about 1.5-2 years, with equipment providers gradually confirming by percentage of income over the construction cycle.
In large numbers of energy-saving equipment lease orders, integrated and other plates are expected to maintain high growth rates throughout the year. Integrator and other plates, income and Māori rates have increased significantly as a result of rent increases, resulting in revenues of $375 million, or 45.9 per cent over the same period, Māori 46.7 per cent over the same year, or 17.5 per cent over the same period.
Partially integrated orders (outsourcing of equipment) are expected to drive higher profits from corporate section revenues. Eighteen years of “energy-saving equipment rental projects” reported in construction work, amounting to $8.86 billion, with an account balance of $2.87 billion, a significant increase of $1.47 billion from the beginning of the year.
There is still much room for growth. The renting business has a high Māori rate, which is the profits of the equipment itself, on the one hand, and the rental cost revenue, on the other hand, which is sustainable, with several times the long-term profit of the business remaining.
The decline, the decline in the Māori rate, which resulted in a flat yield of $652 million, a decline of 18.0 per cent, and a Māori rate of 12.6 per cent, a decrease of 2.4 pct. Of this, the Nanry Water Company performed relatively well in achieving net profits of $46 million.
Certificates, more than 37 million more than the same year, represent an increase in the bidding volume of the company 19h; management costs are mainly derived from equity incentives Cash flows, significant improvements in the ring comparison and steady increases in the pre-receivables. Net cash flows into operating activities of 2019h1 amounted to $95 million, compared to $1,129 million during the same period the previous year; cash received for sales of commodities amounted to $1,164 million, a year-on-year increase.
The construction of the Pan-Purpose Network is expected to drive high growth in corporate information boards, while a new generation of dispatch systems, super-high pressure drivers, double.p. maintains a “buy-in” rating. Operations, movement control operations, ultra-high pressure operations, and flexible straight-flow projects fall short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board