22 years of profit under pressure, big refining + high-speed layout of new materials, 16.02.2023 Keyword: #stuff reverse#second curve#importsubstitution#integration
The research assistant, Guo Ya-man, has increased his raw materials and weakened his demand, and his business performance has been under pressure: due to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, the price of international crude oil rose significantly in 2022, and the cost of raw materials has risen significantly.
Corporate performance has declined compared to the previous year. Double-carbon policy plus warming is expected to restore a large refining cycle: in recent years, the country has introduced a policy of carbon conservation in the petrochemical sector, and the refinery’s oil decline has become a mainstream trend, driving the process of large-scale refining of the industrial chain.
As the epidemic improves, residents’ daily travel and consumption needs will be released quickly, terminals will need to recover gradually, and large-scale smelting plates will bounce back into the ground.
A project to expand the industrial chain and promote downstream industry support; and in November 2022, a project to invest in polyolefin elastomers (poe) such as the new material of a third-level company holding company, Häggs, in the construction of a package of raw materials and new energy materials for iron phosphate and lithium phosphate.
New Materials Project, which produces new high-end chemical materials that can be replaced by national production, with the upgrading of the dynamic petrochemical industry chain; in December 2022, the company ' s second-level fully-owned subsidiary, Jiangsusr State, 20,000 tons/year ultra-molecular polyethylene project was successfully launched.
The “1+n” strategy, which focuses on new energy materials, will help companies to continuously deploy high-end polyolefin production chains; in December 2022, 16 million tons of refining by a fully-owned subsidiary of the company at the second level became fully operational and will be drawn up for the production of new energy materials and high-performance chemicals downstream from the company
The company’s multi-project construction will further consolidate the company’s competitive advantage, enabling it to go deep into new energy materials. The productive capacity is expected to expand, unleashing high potential: the company expects to produce millions of tons of products:
1 Mt.eva: The company now has 300,000 tonnes of capacity, and plans are in the future to build new 700,000 tonnes of tmeva and 50,000 tonnes of high-end polyolefin materials, which will be ready for production by the end of 2024 and will be completed by 2025.
Development, bubbles, wire cables and photovoltaic film have become the main consumption area downstream of the country, accounting for more than 80 per cent. 2) million tons of acrylic acrylate: 780,000 tons of acrylic acrylic capacity, 3) million tons of degradable plastics at present: 340,000 tons of anhydride, 300,000 tons of bdo,
One hundred and eighty thousand tons of pbat, scheduled to be produced in 2024, and the scale of the capacity of future companies to produce degradable plastics.
ester fibres are less profitable than expected; there is a risk of excess refining capacity; and the risk of a significant addition to the petrochemical industry from the “carbon neutralization” policy.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board