22 years of stress, recovery-led performance repair, new materials for long-term growth, Eastern Rainbow (000301.sz) incident evaluation report
Corporate performance forecast for 2022: projected net shareholdings of listed companies
The international average price of various types of coal rose by about 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2022, the price of power coal by an average of 12 per cent on a year-on-year basis and the price of a piece of coal by about 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Downstream demand is weak and product prices are weak. In 2022, the pta averaged $6074/point assessment report - Eastern Rainbow-000301-Shrbang optics, new materials, and major products with significantly reduced prices and corporate performance.
Good-quality assets are injected into the recovery of traditional business under the Recovering of Demand melody, which is expected to repair.
Upstream materials are expected to warm back. In a double carbon context, chemicals have expanded by barriers and barriers, capital spending has become more concentrated, and supply patterns have been optimized.
Poor repair, coupled with a limited supply until 2025, but high demand for photovoltaics, is expected to return, and corporate profitability is expected to improve further. New energy sources and high-end materials are available, and new diversity is refined.
Tons/years of propane production chain three raw material platforms, with the East Ocean building the "oil, coal, gas" combination, the "arocarbons" two-chained, up-and-down production, and the development of a new model. At the same time, the company relies on the basic material platform to build one.
In November 2022, the company's second-tier holding subsidiary, Häggs, proposed to invest in the construction of a package of raw materials and new energy materials for iron phosphate, lithium phosphate, and phosphate, phosphorus.
Acid lithium whole-industry chain, enabling the development of downstream industries, total investment in projects, new materials for affiliates to invest in high-end new materials such as polyolefin elastomers (poe), of which 800 tons of medium-poe pilot projects were driven in a single drive on 27 September.
Successfully. The project accelerated the deployment of new energy materials for the company, increased product value addition and market competitiveness, with a total investment of $9.730 billion for a two-year construction period; December 2022, 20,000 tons of petrochemicals in Jiang Susil, a second-level fully funded subsidiary of the company.
The annual ultra-molecular polyethylene project is well under way. Also planned are the hundreds of tons of classeva, millions of tons of class acrylic and millions of tons of class-degradable materials, three tons of new energy materials, which will be built for the wind and light base in the country and will be under-developed.
Carbon green industry provides an important safeguard. The relevant production and energy planning and deployment has led to the transformation of companies into a world-class cluster of new energy and high-technology materials, and the long-term presentation of new chemical materials by support companies.
Liu Han, Master of Science at Nakayama University, three years of research on large-scale commodities in energy industry, joined Chinese securities in 2022 to reflect his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.