Elephant dances, globalization and 2b transformations have been successful.
In recent years, the company has focused on 2b operations, with consumer appliances operating overseas, leading to higher than expected performance. Meanwhile, the announcement of plans to split the company's firm, Anderswig, to go to Hong Kong.
In the first quarter of 2025, the growth in corporate income was mainly due to 2b operations and consumer appliances, which benefited from rapid growth in energy storage, distributed photovoltaics, vehicle spare parts, and 9.9 billion yuan in smart construction technology.
The same year + 20 per cent, the acquisition of Chinese holdings in the Euroarbonia climate business and the Toshiba elevator was completed in the current period, and the layout was better; robotics and automation were $7.3 billion, compared to +9 per cent, and Kuka had a poor performance in recent years, but the competitiveness of the Chinese region had improved significantly, with the Kuka district orders having grown more than ever before in the reporting period.
Lewis 35%. Faced with the trend of the ai+, the beauty of the advancement of the ai is integrated with the industrial robotics to develop the parts and components of the human machine.
: liulisi_yj@chinastock.com.cn Consumer appliance rapid growth overseas, air conditioning brightening: 1) 202501 Consumer appliance growth of about 20% (excluding 2b operations based on total income), and we expect growth abroad to be significantly higher than domestic growth.
The market, represented by the United States, has a clear competitive advantage for Chinese firms. (2) The region of North and Central America is experiencing high growth, as expected, resulting in a high increase in the replenishment of 2025q1. In recent years, the United States has developed a chain layout (channels/post-sales/logistics) of its overseas industries to facilitate the rapid growth of obm operations.
The market is concerned about the negative impact of United States tariffs. Companies in the United States account for less than 10% of total revenue. The global distribution of production bases in the United States, South-East Asia, Egypt, Brazil, etc.
The US’s response to US tariff risks through a globalized supply chain layout is typical of the Chinese electricity industry. Second-quarter competition in China’s air-conditioning market will intensify: 1) In recent years, the US has been concerned with raising air-conditioning brand premiums.
The air-conditioning sector is competitive and overall profitable. 2) Since March, retail prices in the air-conditioning market have started to go down and have been interpreted by the market as increasing price competition. The beauty brand has started to lower prices, and we expect that the next strategy for beauty will be to raise market shares. 3) Building on the experience of 2019, it's beautiful.
The price reduction was based on efficiency gains, which at the time kept the company’s profit margins stable. Next, it would be a competition to test the efficiency of air-conditioning companies. (4) The beauty is learning and changing over time. Since the beginning of 2025, corporate executives have been active in the media, learning from millet fans and upgrading dtc capabilities.
The valuation level of the relative depth of 300, the future high level of dividends, and the maintenance of the “recommended” rating. In 2024, the company achieved business income of $40.71 billion, an increase of 9.4 per cent over the same period, of which smart households/new energy sources and industrial technology/intellectuals
In 2024, smart household business/smart architecture technology/new energy and industrial technology/other divisions and undistributed external trade revenues were reported by the Division, amounting to $2952/288/403/44.7 million, compared to +10.6 per cent/+9.4 per cent/+19 per cent, respectively.
(i) Domestic air-conditioning: high internal and external sales of domestic air-conditioning in 2024 and domestic air-conditioning in 2024 were one of the cooling years. In the fourth quarter of 2024, domestic sales benefited from the stimulus provided by the State subsidy policy, which was equal to + 24 per cent throughout the year, with significant policy pull effects. For exports, 96.41 million were exported in 2024, representing an increase of 36.08 per cent, as compared with 36.08 per cent in the table.
(ii) Increased growth in the market for 1q2025 air conditioners, but increased competition
The market is currently subsidized by the state, and retail demand for air conditioners in April-July 2024 is weak, with a low base. Industry online data, April, May, June, and July show a 9.1% increase in output performance over the same period in 2024.
1. Since 2023, the air-conditioning market has been competitive, and the general profitability of the air-conditioning first-line second-line companies has improved significantly, and is in 2) in 2025, the Government has prepared a special long-term debt of $300 billion for the old exchange of consumer goods, which is expected to support it by the third quarter of 2025 at the rate of subsidy consumption in 2024. To obtain more subsidies, air-conditioning companies have begun to compete for market shares and retail prices for air-conditioning.
In September of 2024, the beneficiary state subsidized an improved sales structure on the air-conditioning line, and retail prices began to rise on a year-on-year basis. In March 2025, retail average prices below the air-conditioning line narrowed from the same year-on-year scale in September-December 2024, and the price of air-conditioning line value increased, with retail prices falling slightly on the same line.
Working to improve the marketing structure, the value of products declined, and the average price of retail sales on the line increased markedly. 1q25, benefiting from the share of retail sales and the start of the growth, will significantly slow down. Figure 27: Share of retail sales on air-conditioning (one month) of the main retail market brands on the air-conditioning line
Figure 26: Share of retail sales in the main retail market under the air-conditioning line (one month) Figure 28: Average retail prices under the air-conditioning line and on-line (one month) Figure 29: Growth rate of average retail prices below the air-conditioning line and on-line (one month)
Figure 31: Main retail market retail average price on air-conditioning line (unit month) Figure 30: Main retail market retail price under air-conditioning line (iii) 1q2025 household air-conditioning exports continued to grow at a fast pace, with orders to the United States largely suspended
Air-conditioning exports will decline in the near future, but more attention will need to be paid to the enterprise’s overseas production base. (1) Air-conditioning exports have continued to be over-expected since 2024. Industry online data for 2024 and 1q25 air-conditioning exports are the same as +36.1% and +24.5%, respectively.
2) As a result of the rapid increase in the same base and the transfer of export orders to Thailand against the United States, industry online data for the months of July, 4, 5, 6, +7.50 per cent, -160 per cent, -12.00 per cent and -16.70 per cent, respectively, compared to last year ' s output. 3) US air conditioning taps have overseas production capacity, including Thailand as the main air-conditioning production base outside China and abroad in 2024.
Imports of United States air-conditioning (sitc7415) products account for 8.8% from Thailand, and we expect that most of China’s future export orders to the United States will be transferred to Thailand. United States tariff risks have some impact, but overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies. (iv) Central air-conditioning sales are under pressure, but exports continue to grow.
Central AC sales have been negatively affected by the continuing downturn in the real estate market and the slowdown in the pace of industrial investment. Industry online data, Central AC sales of $121.5 billion in 2024, a decline of 3.8 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the continued low real estate market, the slower pace of industrial investment and weak demand for central AC terminals; Central AC sales in January-February 2025, at $18.9 billion, a 5.7 per cent increase from the same period, have recovered.
China’s global competitiveness has increased, with rising shares leading to better exports in recent years. Industry online data, 2024: Central AC (V) promotes high-quality development in the heat pump industry, and exports are expected to benefit from good policy issuances. On 2 April 2025, departments such as the National Development Reform Commission jointly issued a joint release.
The Action Programme for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, with policy emphasis on the application of heat pumps in priority areas such as domestic construction, industry, agriculture, transport, proposes a 20 per cent or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030, with breakthroughs in core technologies such as high-temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants. According to industry online data, sales in heat pumps in 2024 amounted to $14.4 billion, or 0.4 per cent more;
On the export side, the sharp fluctuations in the European heat pump subsidy policy have led to a significant de-stocking cycle for heat pump exports over the past two years. 2024 The monthly heat pump exports have grown by 11.9 per cent over the same period, and, looking ahead, it is expected that the heat pump exports will continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries.
With the high prevalence of domestic markets, the domestic market is becoming more saturated, with consumption dominated by upgrading. In 2024, driven by the policy of domestic electricity supplementation and the introduction of old new policies, the domestic market recovered in the second half of the year, with 3.11 per cent of sales growing and increasing at a very high rate. On the export side, my national electricity company has been active in globalizing the pattern, adding to the demand released by emerging market countries in recent years.
In 2024, exports grew by 18.59 per cent, with a sharper performance, and in the category of washing machines, thanks to the effective activation of potential demand through old and new policies, adding consumer preferences for high-quality, energy-efficient products that contributed to product structural upgrading, with cumulative sales of 44.82 million washing machines in 2024, an increase of 6.7 per cent from the previous year, which is the best increase in recent years.
In terms of exports, our washing machines have advantages in terms of technology, cost and volume production, adding customs concerns to the overseas market, prompting businesses to pre-position their exports to 45.11 million units a year, an increase of 17.33 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The same ratio - 4.80%/-3.40%/+1.80%/+4.90% - the output in washing machines was the same as in the previous year, but the output in refrigerators was better than in air conditioners. The output in refrigerators from April to July 2025 was 2.00%/-8.10%/-9.990%/-7.10% compared to the previous year. The output in washing machines was the same as in the previous year +1.50%/+3.40%/-
Figure 48: Scale of monthly sales of refrigerators, China Galaxy Securities Institute, China Galaxy Securities Institute
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.