Once the Joaquin Electronics team went into the Core Age series, 78 "Wear Shares" cis was a global leader in technology, re-launching through the cycle.
Ratings: Purchase-a (maintenance) cis technology is a global leader, starting a new round of growth through the cycle: corporate smartphone cis is a global leader on indicators such as low power consumption, dynamic noise reduction, accumulation of research and development inputs, high production core competitiveness, enabling companies to go through cycles and return to growth. Following the company ' s launch of 48m fists in 2019, and 64m heavy-pound products in the first half of 2020 to break through middle- and low-end mobile phones, the company will be back on its master record.
After the completion of a full series of machine-style after-production packages, 60% of mobile phone ciss was 50mp and above in 2023. Looking back at the quarterly elasticity of the company after the break-up of heavy-pound products in the past, we believe that the 50mp chip series (including 0v50h - high-end flagship /0v50k-l0fic technology global lead/ov50d et cetera) and after-positioning such as cellular by-elections will gradually be upgraded to 50mp to enable the company to get through a cycle of re-growth.
8m pixel penetration rises from year to year, and it is expected to continue to increase at a higher rate, depending on the country’s remote leadership of new energy-producing vehicles in the global market. There is a return to normality in the cis sector, with a significant increase in corporate profitability of 2401: based on the three-star near-term performance statement and our industry study, the cis has gone to banks with low-morigin prices for more than a year, the industry stock has largely returned to normal, the company has been active in stocking for some time, the stock has returned to a very healthy level of water, the supply side of the sea power has withdrawn from low-end markets, and high-end market capacity has been squeezed by hbm.
Pressure, supply-side patterns are gradually being optimized, demand levels are being eased, most product prices are starting to rise at the bottom, 2401 companies have achieved net return profit of $558 million, sales of Māori have increased by 27.89% from 04 last year, and we believe that the continued leadership of the company’s products and technologies will help sustain the growth of 2401 profitability. Tactiles show a gradual improvement in business, and simulations of product lines are becoming more abundant: the company has achieved full product coverage in the field of tddi control, while vehicle-borne tddi products have been placed.
Working closely with China’s leading panel manufacturer, the company successfully developed an oledddic for smartphones; as the domestic oled line became operational, the company oledddic is expected to have more access opportunities. Through original products, the company is expected to gain more production opportunities in the customer pen display project. The company’s power management chip product portfolio has covered multiple applications for consumer electronics and product networking, while acquiring the cylith new car analogic line. As the simulation product is continuously enriched, the company’s system-level solutions are becoming more mature.
“3+n” product layout strategy, with medium- and high-end full series coverage in the cis product matrix, continuous refinement of multiple core technologies, provision of ultra-high-quality imagery and high-quality product core competitiveness; exposure and demonstration of business potential to contribute new drivers of performance growth as domestic oed panel productivity is released; simulation of business product layouts that provide system-level solutions.
Cis taps reboot through cycles, opening up a new growth curve, image sensors: core technology casts super-high-quality images, full-scale rounding of high-end markets, touch control and display: tddi products are fully covered, and leftdddic is available.
Simulation: The product matrix continues to be rich, building system-level solutions 1.1 Overview: The acquisition completes a shift of gravity and combines two major components of R & D design and marketing, and the cis tap travels through the cycle to re-launch it.
1.2 Design operations: A 3+n product layout strategy is adhered to, with a 1.3 share structure for the core product cis: effective control of humans at risk, multiple equity incentives to bind core cadres 1.4 scientific strength: a technological lead strategy is maintained to take the lead in commercializing bsi
Image Sensor: Core technology casts super-high-quality imaging, 1.5 financial data, full-scale rounding of high-end markets
1.5.1 Camp/store: Recovering the growth track and returning the stock to normal water levels 1.5.2 Profit: 24q1 profit-and-ring increase significantly Touch and display: tddi products are fully covered.
1.5.3 Māori/net interest rate: Actively promoting product/supply chain structural optimization, Māori recovery seasonly, 1.5.4 battalion collection structure: smartphones and carciss drive image sensor business growth
1.5.63 Fees: three types of costs have decreased on a year-on-year basis and the financial costs have decreased the most. Simulation: product matrix continues to be enriched, system-level solutions developed
2.1sis profile: light signals can be converted to digital signals based on cos process design, cis tap through cycle recommencing, 2.2cis market: unit price upscaling enabler market growth, mobile phones being the first application
2.3sis process: concentrate 180~22nm, the higher pixels, the more advanced the process is required by 2.4cis technology: Weir takes the lead in the commercialization of bsi, the volume production of the pureceplus-s chip stacking technology Image sensors: core technology casts ultra-high-mass imaging,
2.5 Wehr: Multi-area technology restoration and core competitiveness of companies at all ends of the round-up of high-end markets, tentacles and displays: tddi products are covered.
> 2.11lcos
To build a system-level solution, the cos tap travels through the cycle, the image sensor: the core technology is super-high-quality imaging, and the core technology is designed to create a system-level solution.
3.1 cartddi is growing fast, and the oled screen is dominated by ddic tentacles and displays: tddi products are covered.
3.2 Shows the urgent need for a national production package for the driver chip, and the release time is available for 3.3 veroleddddic achieves production, and the layout vehicle carries the tddi product.
3.4 Acquisition of Swisp-based products, successfully validated through the Intel platform Simulation: product matrix continues to be rich, building system-level solutions
The cis tap travels through the cycle to re-launch, the image sensor: the core technology casts a super-high-quality image of the high-end market in all directions of the hunt.
Touch and display: tddi product full coverage, oleddddic release time span 4.1 masters a number of core patent technologies to achieve high-end import substitution
Simulation: The product matrix continues to be rich, and 4.2 is dedicated to providing one-stop service, buying the Cricket Booster Market, building system-level solutions.
4.3pmic is continuous, sbc is expected to produce 24q3 and 4.4mcu is using a nationally manufactured supply chain, power drives to achieve ultra-low static power consumption and cis taps through cycle re-launching.
Image Sensors: Core technology casts ultra-high-quality images, full-scale high-end markets for rounding, tentacles and displays: tddi products are covered.
Simulation: The product matrix continues to be rich, building system-level solutions.
Core assumptions for profit projections 5.2 Comparison of comparable corporate valuations and investment recommendations 1.1 Overview: Acquisitions complete a refocusing shift and combine R & D design and marketing components
Cis tap through cycle reboot, 1.2 Design operations: stick to the "3+n" product layout strategy, Cis core product 1.3 equity structure: hands-on humans at risk, multiple equity incentives to bind core cadres
1.4 Scientific Research Strengths: Upholding Technology Lead Strategy, leading the commercialization of bsi Image Sensors: Core technology casts ultra-high-quality images, 1.5 financial data
All-round round-up high-end market: 1.5.1 collection/store: return to growth track, return stock to normal water level 1.5.2 profit: 24q1 profit-and-ring increase significantly
Touch and display: tddi product full coverage, 1.5.3 Māori/net interest rate: active promotion of product/supply chain structural optimization, Māori recovery on a quarterly basis, 1.5.4 battalion collection structure: smartphones and carciss drive growth in image sensor operations
(c) Simulation: the product matrix continues to be rich;
1.1 Overview of systems-level solutions 1.1: Acquisitions complete a shift of gravity and combine R & D design with two major plates. Weir shares were established in 2007 and marketed successfully in 2017.
In the 2018s, the share of sales businesses was 79.01%; at the same time, the design layout was expanded through a continuous acquisition. In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of Howie and Spico in Beijing, and in the same year, the focus of operations shifted to design operations (the collection ratio rose to 83.56% in 2019). In 2020, the company acquired synapticsteddi operations as a trigger and display solution for the design of the third puzzle.
As the world's top ten semiconductors, Weir shares a small number of domestic firms with semiconductor R & D design and semiconductor agent sales (distribution) capabilities and now owns two major business plates, semiconductor product design and semiconductor agent sales, dominated by image sensors (73.91 per cent in 2023).
Close cooperation between the module/end miller, timely understanding of market trends and end-maker demand for products, targeted technology research and development and storage, enabling new technologies to adapt to market changes, reducing the negative impacts of downstream industry changes, and contributing to the rapid development of product design operations.
1.2 Design operations: maintenance of the 3+n product layout strategy, with cis as the core product Semiconductor product design operations: mainly image sensor solutions, contact control and display solutions
The three business systems of the program and the simulation solution are made up. The company adheres to the "3+n" product layout strategy, with the three business modules at its core.
Continue horizontal expansion to improve product combinations and provide system-based solutions. 1) Image Sensor Solutions: Most Companies
Main business, of which cis is a core product, is from Beijing Howie and Spico, which were acquired in 2019.
2) Touch and display solutions: main face to smartphones and pens; tddi products mainly from synaptics acquired in 2020
tddi operations; acquisition of Siwi Bobled product lines in 2022. 3) Simulation solution: company established.
In the early years, products have entered the supply chain of famous mobile brands such as Mi, Hua and Samsung. In 2023, the company completed a match with Cricket.
The acquisition was accompanied by an expansion of the team using the Simultaneous Chip, which expanded the business market to the area of automobiles. 1.3 Equity structure: Controlling people in danger, multiple equity incentives to bind the core backbone lalinginsecurities
(b) In 2023, the company issued two rounds of equity incentive schemes with a deep core. In 2023, the company issued two issues of equity incentive.
1.4 Scientific Research Strengths: By adhering to a technology-led strategy and leading the commercialization of bsi, after many years of autonomous research and development and technological evolution, significant technological advantages have been accumulated in the field of cos image sensor circuit design, encapsulation, digital image processing and appliance software.
One of the first companies to commercialize the bsi technology in the cos image sensor industry, put the purecel & purecelplus technologies into production in 2013. By the end of 2023, the company had been authorized to patent 4675 items, of which 4498 were inventions.
The company adheres to its technology-led strategy, with technology development as the driving force, with high priority given to technology and production 1.5.1: collection/storage: recovery back to growth track, stock back to normal water level, growth, coupled with the company's product imports in the high-end smartphone market and the automobile market.
Continued penetration of driving applications while actively promoting product structural optimization and cost control Companies achieved revenues of 5.644 billion yuan, an increase of 30.18 per cent and a decrease of 4.97 per cent in the ring ratio compared to the previous year.
The inventory reached $14.113 billion. The company then took proactive measures to de-inform the inventory, and the price of the warehouse was somewhat reduced by fluctuations in the market supply and demand relationship. In 2023, the company realized a net profit of $138 million, an increase of 43.70 per cent, mainly from the disposal of non-liquid assets in 2023 (including a decrease in the amount of assets accounted for).
Losses and losses on fair value of financial assets held by non-financial enterprises and financial liabilities and gains and losses on disposal of financial assets and financial liabilities (except for effective hedging operations related to the company ' s normal operations) were significantly reduced by the same year. 24q1 companies achieved net return profit of $558 million, an increase of 180.50 per cent and ring increase of 197.94 per cent, excluding the impact of share payment costs
616 million yuan, an increase of approximately 357.20 per cent over the same period. 24q1 net profit not attributable to the mother is 566 million yuan, a significant increase in the same ring. 1.5.3 Māori/net interest rate: active push for product/supply chain structural optimization, Māori recovery on a seasonal basis and a certain decline in chip sales prices.
On a quarterly basis, it has benefited from the company's active contribution to product and supply chain structural optimization, in line with 1.5.4 revenue structure: smartphones and car ciss drive the growth of image sensor operations Image sensor operations: revenue increases are mainly from smartphones and car markets. The company's 50 mp and above cis successfully delivered in volume and product closure in 23 q3
The value and profitability of the products of the Optimization Support Corporation has steadily increased; in smartphone applications, 50mp and above account for more than 60% of the revenue received. Touching and displaying operations: the decline in income is mainly due to price pressure. In 2023, the amount of chips delivered reached 133 million, an increase of 65.33%, compared with the 65.33%, market share simulation operations: the decline in revenue was mainly due to the mismatch between supply and demand caused by high stock levels at the supply chain, which resulted in some product prices being pressured during inventory decomposition.
Semiconductor agent sales: The decline in revenue was mainly influenced by the overall shrinking size of the semiconductor market.
Cost ratio Sensor and touch control versus 1.5.6: Decreased for all three categories of costs on a year-on-year basis, with the largest decrease in financial costs
1.98 percentage points. Three types of costs have decreased over the same period, with the largest reductions in financial costs, due to lower exchange losses and increased interest income as a result of fluctuations. 2.1sis profile: light signals can be converted to digital signals based on cos process design.
Cis taping through cycle recommencing, 2.2cis market: unit price uplifting enabler market growth, mobile phone production for first-largest application 2.3cis: concentration 180 - 22nm, higher pixels are more advanced.
2.4sis technology: Weir pioneered the commercialization of bsi, the production of mass-based crystal-sharpus-s, image sensors: core technology casts ultra-high-quality images, 2.5 Weir: multi-sector technology reuses core competitiveness of companies
High-end market in all directions of rounding, contact control and display: tddi products are fully covered, oleddddic is time-limited
Simulation: Continuous abundance of product matrices, > 2.11 lcos building system-level solutions
2.1sis profile: Designed on the basis of the cnos process, the light signal can be converted to a digital signal. Cnos is a mainstream semiconductor process with the advantages of low power consumption, speed, etc., and is widely used in the manufacture of cpu, storage chips and various digital logic chips. Image sensors based on the cnos process are known as cnosimagesensor, i.e. cis, and commonly used semiconductor processes, in particular.
The storage process is more than 90% similar. The cis is made using standard cos technology and usually consists of several parts of the symmetric arrays, row drivers, column drivers, time-sequencial control logic, ad converters, data bus output interfaces, control interfaces, etc.
, between the lens and the image signal processor (isp), which is the core element of the camera module. The process is to convert the brightness and colour of the objects obtained from the light signal to a telecom signal, first by the light of the cell array; then to read out the telecoms sequentially and to convert the adc (analogdigitalcontractor) array to a digital signal; and finally to preprocess the digital signal and transmit it to a digital signal.
Turnover interfaces transmit image information to the platform. 2.2cis market: unit price increases enabler market growth, mobile phones are the first major application Market size: sigmaintell data, global scale of cis market 2024
It is projected to be $21.4 billion, close to $30 billion in 2029, with a pattern of competition: high global concentration of cis markets; 72 per cent in 2022 cr3, according to yole data, and 42/19 per cent in Sony/ Samsung/Weir, respectively.
Field of application: sigmaintell data show cellular phones as the first largest application area for cis, with an estimated 62 per cent in 2024; automobiles as the second largest application area for cis, 2.3 cis process: concentration 180 ~ 22 nm, with the higher pixels, the more advanced the process is required
From the point of view, the 2020-2023 cis process is concentrated in 180 nm ~ 22nm, and the higher the pixels, the more advanced the process is required. The ISP image signal processor processes and improves the image signal through various algorithms, and the process requires 12 nm.
According to the Omdia data, cis has a lower surrogate price in the 12-inch crystal circle, while the high-end cis 28/22nm process is faced with a number of high-value competitors, such as fpga, bmc.
2.4sis technology: Weir pioneered the commercialization of bsi, Purecelplus-s chip stacking technology to achieve volume production: Backscopic, stacking, c-cu connection technology bsi backscopic structure: bsi is the replacement of the symmetric layer with a line
bsi (backlight structure): A layer above which the sensor retains only some of the logical circuits of the sensor, mainly with light coming directly from the back.
It's the first company in the industry to commercialize bsi technology.
Stacked stacking structure: stacked is a further significant reduction in consumption based on bsi.
There's a significant increase in the light effect compared to the structure, but both the design and the process are more difficult and the subsurface, and the two layers of chips are folded together, and the different layers can choose their best.
Good process manufacturing. The Verpurecelprus-s chip stacking technology has been widely applied to various product lines under the flag; in 2022, the company released a global head start stacked (stacked structure):
1. The stack structure can reduce the cis area; 3-storey bsi-wide fast-door image sensors. 2-logical circuits can be moved to different layers
c-cu interconnectivity: the structure of connections between layers in the stack structure can be divided into tsv, which effectively suppress electrical noise and thus obtain better light effects;
or c-cu interconnectivity, which can contribute to further miniaturization and performance of cis 3, pixel parts and logical circuits, can choose the best of their respective processes, and can
To achieve higher image quality, multiple functions, 4 and more complex production processes, further upgrades to the crystal circle.
The plant requires a higher level of technology. tsv (silicon perpension) structure needs to be set aside for a specific area, while the c-cu connection is connected.
The structure does not need to set aside a specific area to help small-scale cis, which has a higher self-interest in the layout of external connections.
The core competitiveness of multidisciplinary re-engineering companies is focused on cis technologies in different applications and can also be borrowed from each other.
A wide range of applications, such as smartphones, cars, security, etc., have been widely applied in a variety of sub-applications. Markets have a global market share, multiple fields of technology re-engineering core companies compete, and corporate image sensor operations have grown by 15,536 million yuan in 2023.
In 2023, the company ' s car ciss was the number one in the world, with 103 million shipments. 2.6.1 Mobile phone cis profile: cameras account for about 15 per cent of the total cost of mobile phones, sigmaintell data, 2024 global hands.
Airfreight is expected to increase by 3.2 per cent to 11.44 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with data from the China Economic Research Institute showing that cis accounted for 52 per cent of the total cost of camera head parts.
The cost of cameras is about 15% of the total cost of mobile phones.
From the upgraded 120 mm focalal periscope long-scope lens; fomalhauttechnosoltions table showing that the shot cost as much as $30.
The iphone 14 promax lens is 3.8 times higher. 2.6.2 mobile phone cis configuration: pre-monitored plus three after mainstream programme, high pixel ratio continuously increasing number: pre-single + three after mainstream programme.
One or two masters are responsible for achieving basic viewing functions, and multiple by-products are responsible for enabling image functions such as:
The way in which you can achieve excellent imaging quality and balance hardware costs has become a mainstream back-to-back program. Precoupling is now largely a match for smartphones. Pixels: pixels are a key factor in determining imaging quality, and the higher the pixels, the higher the imaging.
The greater the clarity and authenticity. As consumer demand for photography and photography continues to rise, the proportion of high pixels will continue to grow. According to the tsr data, 40mp and above of pixels account for the estimated number of mobile phone cameras from 2019.
2.6.350mp became the mainstream configuration of the backboard of the flag ship as the best solution under the existing technology “imaging effects, dimensions, costs” and has become the mainstream configuration of the backboard of the flag ship. Wide angles/ultra-wide angles, long-focal, micro-ranges, etc. are currently predominantly low-pixel configurations 12 m, 8 m, 2m, etc., and are constantly upgrading towards higher pixels.
The machine uses a pixel configuration of 3*50mp. It is expected to penetrate further into the medium-to-high-end model in the future.
The Soniimx series contains more than 10 50 mcis products, and in November 2022 it published a completely new cis brand — lytia — which further enriches the 50 mpcis product sequence. Weir and Samsung now have five 50 mpcis products, with applications covering masters, wide angles, long kernels, and forwards. In addition, local manufacturers Stewy, Ggkovy, and meta-view cores are also actively developing 50 mp products.
2.6.5ov50h: Provision of flag class low light performance, applied to multiple high-end flagship aircraft masters. In January 2023, the company released ov50h, which is now used for the back-sitting of multiple high-end flag aircraft types in the country, and has been awarded the “annual Sensor Products Award”.
ov50h (50 mp, 1.2 μm pixel size, 1/1.3 optical size) using the purecelus-schilling stacking technique and double-conversion gain (dcg) technology, and a sensor with a horizontal/vertical (h/v) four-phase (qpd) function in the company ' s first paragraph, which provides flag class weak light performance and auto-focal performance,
Purecelplus-s chip stacking technology is increased by the introduction of multiple features such as stacked structures, buried colour filter arrays (bcfa), deep sink isolation (dti), composite metal grids (cmg) technology The buried colour filter array (bcfa) is significantly enhanced
Strong imaging mass. Cmg technology helps to increase the tolerance of pixels and light from the point of entry by creating barriers on the surface of silicon, while making the design more compact. Sensitivity and further reducing pixel colour interlocking.
Figure: Technical rationale for deep-hull isolation (dti)
Deep slot isolation (dti): dti reduces collusion by setting up isolation between pixels in silicons, can get better tolerance of the main light angle (cra) and eventually achieve better pixel isolation and low light performance.
2.6.6ov50h:h/vqpd and dcg haiinsecurities h/vqpd ATM: achievable in the entire image array of the sensor
The 2x2 phase detects the automatic pdaf function, while the h/v mode ensures that both horizontal and vertical directions are within the same frame with coverage of 100%. This function improves distance calculation, achieves faster automatic focus and enhances weak light performance.
Two conversion gain dcg technology: two models of low conversion gain (lcg) and high conversion gain (hcg) for pixel by adding a new capacitor, both allowing for the preservation of object details under high light conditions and better light sensitivity under weak light conditions
2.6.7ov50k: Luginsecurities for achieving single exposure close to eye level dynamics: a comparison of H9800 imaging effects. On 18 March 2024, the company released the first global launch of theiacelTM technology smartphone cis-ov50k40.
TheiacelTM technology uses lofic functions to achieve a single exposure close to the human eye level. Lofic technology is applied extensively to auto-drive vehicle video systems. Companies and honors work together to introduce the technology across the border into mobile phone image systems, moving away from the traditional practice of increasing sensor size in glory magic6-to-date versions and rsrsr porsche.
Designed to land for the first time. With Lofic technology, this single inverse eagle eye master H9800 raises the optical electron capacity by about nine times to 270,000, significantly raising the light tolerance for super-high light compared to the scene; and supports single-inverse 15ev hyper-dynamic perimeter, with a dynamic range of 600%, corresponding to the Sonywa video flag a7s3.
The technical difficulties of lofic are mainly reflected in the complexity of the pixel structure, the increased difficulty of simulating circuit design, and the increased challenges of digital algorithm integration.
Compared to the former product ox08b40, the overflowintegration of the lofic technology ox08d10 dynamic
Capacitor, which is the horizontal spillover of the component capacitor technology, is used to achieve a higher dynamic range. The technique is based on each light.
A high-density capacitor is placed in the electrode tube to collect the photon that is spilled from the saturation.
When the number of sub-numbers exceeds the maximum capacity of pixels, the excess light electrons can flow into the adjacent capacitor and not.
The spill is "exposed" and thus better captures high-light information. Because of Lofic technology, large-scale electricity can be read separately.
So a single exposure allows you to use two conversion gains that do not require pixel integration to achieve dcghdr in a single pixel.
2.6.8evs: The Weir Triple Crystal Collapse Program is a key enabler of a big lead.vs (event-basedvisionsorsors) is a new bio-educative visual sensor with event-based vision, high dynamic range, high speed.
Low delay, no oscillation, and at the same time meeting the technical characteristics of low data rates and low power. In 2022, the company released World First Product Class Cis/evs Integration Visual Chip ov60b10; the original frame ratio was only 120fps for re-engineering using vs technology.
Then the frame rate can reach 10,000 fps and capture high-speed images with fewer data, smaller amounts of computing and lower hardware costs. ov60b10 was manufactured using the 3dstack process, and by putting cis,vs,
Isp/esp integrates three crystal circles into the best performance and smallest size. Three crystal circle mixes of vs/cis sensors are synchronized and have a small difference in view compared to the multisensor solution of Sony and require only one envelope and lens.
The company presented its latest research on the technology of the "vs" on occc2023, which is more critical than any other manufacturer's technology programme.
Top crystal circle: A pixel point in a 4x4 pixel array is used to provide light currents for thevs.
Bottom crystal circle: circuits such as adc, asp, 2.6.9 with dram on three layers of cis, which Weir had applied for in 19 for.
In 2017, Sony announced the development of a 3-storey cis of the first trade band dram, which would create a huge amount of data from super-high frame shoots using dram first to make a cache and then to use the mobile processor.
R, overcoming bandwidth restrictions between cis and the mobile processor, significantly increased data processing capacity and storage speed to achieve a maximum frame rate of 1000fps for ultra-slow motion filming (1920*1080)
In 2019, the company submitted an integrated charge called "Separated stacks of pixel arrays, drams and logical/module converters."
2.6.10 High Pixel/Small Pixel: There are a number of core technologies that solve the three problems of small pixel, with companies and Samsung producing 200 million pixels, compared to the current maximum of 108 million pixels for Sonycis products. In January 2022, Weir launched the first 200mpcis.
ovb0b, with a minimum of 0.61 m pixel dimensions worldwide. In August 2022, the company released the second billion pixel product ovb0a, using the Purecelplus-s stacking chip technology, which was further reduced to 0.56 μm, becoming the world’s smallest 200 million cis product.
A combination of pixels can provide three different modes of work depending on the light conditions. For automatic stress, ovb0b is the first 200 million pixels that provide 100% of the four-phase test (qpd) technology, which allows for excellent autofocal performance; ovb0a also uses the technology. For full capacity, companies use deep light, electro-diode technology to make actual fwc higher than predicted; and because of the additional space created by process node reduction, ovb0a adds a selective conversion benefit function.
Table: Comparison of parameters for the Well and Samsung 200 million cis products Table: Comparison of the two Hull pixels sizes 200 million cis performances Figure: Three different modes for different light conditions
2.6.11 Bottom: one inch or a staged height. Mobile operators improve image quality by using a larger size cis, while super-bottom sensors add a heavy sense of cellular weight. We believe that cellular cis will continue to move towards a larger size and one inch.
Or for stage heights; more design innovations are needed for subsequent size upgrades. Large bottom sensors have greater exposure surfaces, more photons and better low light performances; rice 14ultra, Chinese pura70ultra, etc., all use one.
At the same time, large bottom sensors require larger lenses and thicker modules to ensure image quality, leading to an increase in cellular thickness and weight. Currently, the thickest cell phone carrying one inch cis is about 13 mm or more. The mobile phone factory needs to make some innovations to make sure that it is light.
The pura70ultra was reduced by about 1.51 mm thickness by swing scalding lenses, while the main camera optical ruler, pura70/70 pro/70 pro + with a ratio of 1 1.3 inches, was not equipped with swing scalding lenses. The first inch of the market cell phone cis was mainly a Sonylyt-900 and animx 989 50mp products.
2.7.1 Cars profile: Verdon tops the list and the number of bicycles continues to rise Market size: icvtank data indicate that the global car market is projected to be $3.618 billion in 2024; of this, China ' s market size reached $1,573 million, or approximately 43.48 per cent, mainly due to the rapid growth of the country ' s new energy automobile industry.
Competition patterns: In terms of volume, Weir and Ansomy monopolize the global car cis market. According to the Tide Think Tank, Well first surpassed Ann Samedon’s top list in 2023, with 103 million deliveries throughout the year, mainly because of Ansomé’s priority to meet the former customer’s productive capacity and strategic exit from the cys market competition; and look around Cis has become the largest product class for car ciss in the last two years.
Number of bicycles: The number of bicycles is expected to increase steadily as a result of the continuous upgrading and accelerated penetration of adas. According to yole data, the number of bicycles is expected to increase from 4 in 2024 to 8.9 in 2030.
Depending on the location, the car cams can be divided into forward, round-the-clock,
Five types of rear, side and inside vision; of which the front video camera is used as evidence
There's a lot of adas power, specifications, and costs.
According to the Pulse Institute, more than 2.7.3 m2 of the main car cams are above 10.
Table: Imaging Sensor Providers in Selected Cars, we've counted the camera configurations of the three major models of Uber, Ideas and Peng. Quantities: the number of full-car cameras is almost 11; the start-up price is just $1749,000.
At the same time, the internal video camera became a label; the ultra model carried two internal video cameras. Pixels: the top of the front video camera was 8 mp. Compared to the ideal pro and max/ultra
Vehicle type, configured mainly from 2mp to 8mp for 4 camera pixels on the side and on the side. Data from the tidal think tank show that Weir car cis is widely applied to the major vehicle models of the major companies. Table: Camera configuration of the main vehicle model of the three companies, Uji, Idea, Peng
2.7.4 The car-cis application scenario can be divided into three broad categories of machine vision, human vision, intra-occupancy applications, and three broad categories of machine vision, human vision, intra-occupancy applications.
Video cameras, technology focused on high pixels, hdr&lfm, multiple roi. Human eye vision: used for real-time sketching of the image around the body, avoiding visual blindness, surrounding cameras, back-viewing, etc., technology focused on dark-state imaging, etc.
In-board applications: they are divided into driver surveillance dms, passenger surveillance oms, and driving recorder dvr, which involves internal visual cameras; technology focuses on dark-state imaging, global speed gates, rgb-ir, etc. Different applications have different technical focus, but all have to meet car code chip requirements.
For almost 20 years, the Wehr Deep Farm Rules have extensive R & D experience in a full range of qm, asilb, and asil-c products; from machine visual to in-carry applications, the company has achieved a large volume of production in the full series of car regulations, with a cumulative volume of more than 1 billion shipments and product reliability and performance fully validated.
2.7.5 Machine vision: high pixels, multiple roi, network security graphs: company X8b/a series of products carrying two stand-alone and configurable roi-pixels: as a core component to achieve adas, front video cameras need to be accurate in a complex environment
1mp~2mp cameras effectively detect a distance of about 100~150m, with a field angle of only 50°, while an 8mp camera detects a distance of up to 200~250m and has a 120° angle. Andamey says that the adas system continues to upgrade to a higher resolution.
24q1 Andromede 8mpcis income grew by more than 60% over the year and the Ring by 30% over the year. Prior to that, Ansun 8mpcis income doubled in 2023. Multiple roi (multidirectionofinterest): by diagnosing multiple objects in the image
No, it reduces the time for information processing and improves clarity. The company ' s 8b/a series carries two independent network security systems: the network security function is now the tagging of the adas system to ensure that the images transmitted to the processors are not changed. The Welx 8a/b series is first assembled into ultra-low-capacity network security.
Full function, running power less than 50mw. Figure: installation and penetration of 5mp/8mp camera in front of new vehicle in January-September 2022/2023 (millions, %) 2.7.6 Machine vision: hdr&lfm
hdr: The front video camera needs to quickly identify the bright and dark details under different light conditions, and capture the image accurately. When the typical scenario is a car that leaves the tunnel, the image is required to remain exposed in bright sunlight, and the details of the dark spot are also to be seen.
Ifm: The current traffic light uses led beads, which are mainly driven by mode of communication. Cis is required to ensure that each frame captures the led accurately and avoids misreading caused by the lack of synchronization of the cis and led signal frequency.
Well was the first to launch the global lfm-based 8mpcis ox08b40 in 2019. The company can provide 140db hdr and lfm at the same time, now in the series of X8b, x3c, x3f, etc.
Figure: Comparison of hdr and lfm imaging effects
X08d10, designed for machine visuals like adas/ad, displays good performance in low light performance, led scintillation inhibition (lfm), small size, and low power consumption. X08d10 is expected to produce 2024h2.
The new 2.1 μmtheiacelTM technology can provide high lfm without sacrificing image quality. TheiacelTM combines lofic functions with high dcgTM high dynamic range (hdr) technology and achieves a single exposure of hdr over time.
A more wide dynamic range, where Hdr images can be captured up to 200 metres away, the optimal balance between the snr1 and the dynamic range can be struck, and the optimal content and image quality can be obtained in a highly contrasted scenario.
In addition, ox08d10 has a stacked a-csp envelope with a size of 50% less than any other exterior sensor of the same type. ox08d10 network security has been upgraded to meet the latest mipicse 2.0 standard for car cis data stream.
Figure: Logic functional principles in theiacelTM technology and former products that do not use lofic have excellent fixes in key areas
Physical performance; its lfm dynamic range increased to 3.3 times, the total dynamic range increased to nearly three times and achieved lfm
Synchronization with hdr. 2.7.8 eye visions: Environment, nyxel graphs: nyxel technology holds a comparison of image effects
According to Jossy's research data, the clairvoyant camera is the most heavily installed class of car cams, and it's not loaded with nyxel.
Infiltration into the various price cars; in 2023, at nighthawk technology in China, the picture was taken in the dark.
The number of new cars with 33.13 million installed, many objects lost, and the number of cameras is usually four to achieve it.
360° Animation with no dead angle; and also, due to the presence of the night-time car scenes, low-optimal performance becomes the most important performance requirement for the video camera.
The nyxel night, the eagle technology darkened into the first generation of nyxel night in 2017.
Eagle technology has significantly increased qe quantum efficiency, 850 nm and 940 nm through thick silicon, special absorbent layers, deep gutters, etc.
Subefficiency doubled to 60% and 40%.
The scattering layer, which is isolated and optimized by the built-up, extended deep pits, has further increased to 70% and 50% by 850nm and 940nm Quantum Effects.
High-qe quantum efficiency not only improves dark-state-like effects, but also reduces light-source demand, costs and power consumption.
2.7.9 Eye vision: soc solution, electronic rear-view mirror soc solution: isp, image signal processor, pre-procession of image source raw data entered by cis using hardware structure, processing signals for image output, main functions including linear correction, noise removal, bad point removal, intruding, automatic white balance, automatic exposure control, etc.
In 2022, Weir launched the industry headline 3mpsoc. In 2023, the company launched a special 1.3mp soc - ox01e20, which was compiled into 3 mscis, isp, full-functional decoupling/revision correction (dc/pc) and screen displays (osd) and could be achieved simultaneously.
Quantities, excellent light performance, ultra-low power and low cost. Electronic rearview mirrors (cms): On 1 July 2023, the new national logo was officially implemented, marking the official and legal launch of the cms vehicle.
Large-scale upscaling space. As early as 2020, the company jointly launched with the Geo the solution of the electronic rearview mirror, which contains ox03c10 (2.5mp, 3 μm, 1/2.6, 140dbdr,lfm,asil-d); and the ox03dsoc, launched by the company in 2022, provides a high-intensity solution for the electronic rearview mirror. Table: Comparison of traditional/electronic rearview mirrors
Figure: Electronic rearview mirrors can reduce visual blindness - cms (cameramistorsystem), i.e., electronic rearview mirrors, compared to the transmission of mirrors, the advantage is that they can be supplemented by multiple cameras, strong light inhibition and weak light.
Arithmetic, thick coating or physical shielding, automatic heating, etc., which widens the scope of the driver's vision, reduces blindness, achieves automatic light compensation, reduces extreme environmental applications within the eye 2.7.10: dms, oms
In-carriage applications are dominated by driver monitoring system dms and passenger monitoring system oms. Over 60% of traffic accidents are caused by driver distraction or fatigue driving, and dms monitor driver fatigue driving and distracted driving by obtaining driver eye condition, head state, gestures, etc. In addition, in order to ensure the safety of the passenger in the back seat and the rich in-board experience, the passenger surveillance system (oms) should be delivered.
As a result of the implementation of policy and regulations and the expansion of smart seating and high-level driving aids, the built-in control market entered the fast-track. The Josstrophy research data show that the amount of assigned amount for the Chinese carriage-in-car control system increased by 81 per cent to 2.06 million in January-October 2023 and by 4.5 percentage points to 12.4 per cent in January-September 2023.
Figure: Location of camera installation in the Teslamodery module 2.7.11 applications in the Veer module: The first-ever-placed-in-the-world application, the first-placed-the-city-the-world-the-place-the-place-the-place-the-place-the-place-the-place-of-the-class-the-class-the-world-the-world-the-city-the-class application. The three main advantages of a solution in the Veer module are:
1) Product-compatibility: product pixels cover vga to 5mp; high-intensity products are available for both dms and ims separately, and integrated into both functions. 2) Mainstream algorithm platform for fit-for-ground cis: compatible with mainstream algorithm platforms such as SeeingMachines, smarteye, Cipia, etc., both within the company ' s cabin, which is conducive to providing up-to-date solutions for oems at the same time as the city field.
3) A wealth of production experience, high-quality supply chains: All of the company’s on-board products are produced by top-level supply chain partners in the industry, most of which are certified through asil and aec-q1002. Products are widely used in Euro-American high-end automobile brands and in national brands/new power car-making enterprises, with extensive shipment data validations. In response to space limitations in the on-board, most of the company’s on-board applications are covered with stacks of a-csp.
The sensors use stacked a-csp envelopes with a size 50% smaller than the competition. Moreover, the ox05b1s collection is a dms and oms function compared to the traditional dms and oms, respectively, of two cameras, further reducing space requirements while reducing costs and system complexity.
Global Express: Traditional rollingshutter technology is exposed through line-by-line scans, with different starting points for the exposure of different routing pixels, and there is a drag on the recording of motion. For the first time, the company introduced global fast-door technology into vehicle applications, omniixel:003-
gs technology enables the simultaneous image monitoring of all pixels, thus accurately copying the fast movement. rgb-ir: the company is leading the launch of the first commercial Rgb-ircis product worldwide, and a single sensor captures both colour rgb and black and white ir images. In addition, the company rgb-ir technology is introduced first
An advanced colour filtering process that significantly improves colour authenticity. Figure: Global fast gate gs technology and traditional fast curtain rs technical imaging 0s. trueglobalshutter
1/270Srollingshutter 1/60Srollingshutter 1/30Srollingshutter
Rotating surveillance 2.8 security: sustained medium-to-high-end security market, leading technology-driven market share increases
We have become the world’s largest producer of security video surveillance products, and one of the world’s most important security surveillance markets, security surveillance products are being promoted to second- and third-line cities and rural areas. As branders (e.g. rice) and transporters (e.g., moving from China) actively increase the penetration of surveillance cameras, the future domestic market will also become Angry.
Because of the 24-hour surveillance required, security cameras put high demands on low-photo-image quality and power consumption at night, while claims for high-cleaning images drive security cis toward higher pixels. Companies maintain security at mid- and high-end markets, driving up market share by leading technology.
The maintenance of nyxel.12 technology allows companies to capture higher resolution and more distant images under the same light mass and reduce the number of led lamps, thereby reducing overall power consumption. In October 2023, the company released 8mpcis-os08c10 for home and security cameras.
Os08c10 is based on 1.45 mbsi pixels, while supporting ultra-high resolution 4k resolution and high frame rates; using staggered high dynamic range (hdr) and single exposure double simulation gain (dag) technologies that allow high performance imaging under harsh lighting conditions; and power consumption of less than 300 mW (60 mbps), well below the current market type of product.
Table: Global exposure to different pixels (millions, 2.9 medical: Weir has launched the minimum commercial image sensor, and the product has been placed first in the list of risks of cross-infection of medical devices, as shown in the article Liliujinsecurities of the American Journal of Sensitivity.
More than 70% of the endoscopic mirrors are impregnable, and about 75% of the commonly used endoscopic mirrors are contaminated by bacteria. – Secondary endoscopic mirrors, which eliminate the risk of cross-infection, low cost, etc., can effectively address these problems.
The Division has passed the Iso 13485 certification and the Emc and emi tests for medical products, which have helped to simplify the fda approval process for medical equipment manufacturers.
Headings were integrated into a mini-crystal circle camera module, resulting in a one-time modular end-to-end imaging subsystem. Guinness World Record, 2021, which was maintained by the company's former product, launched a package with a size of 0.55 mm x 0.55 mm medical cos product oh0ta.
Purecelprus-s chip stacking technology, with pixels up to 160,000, pixel sizes of 1.0 μm, optical cell sizes of 1/31 and power consumption down to 20 mw. 2.10 xr:questpro uses Weir 9 ciss with a total value of approximately $46
The vr device usually combines multiple cameras to achieve applications such as environmental perception, motion capture, visualization, imaging and emoticons capture. Quantity: the number of cameras increased significantly during product rotation upgrades; Sonyps
Vr2 shows an increase of six head-to-face cameras compared to the previous generation. The higher-priced flagship products require more cameras to gain better user experience, such as the number of Questpro and the number of video cameras at the Visionpro level, which is 16 and 12, respectively.
Value: According to Wellsenxxr data, 15 of the 16 cameras in questpro were from Weir, 8 ov7251, 5 ov6211 and 2 og01a1b, with a combined value of approximately $46.
2.11.1lcos: Multiple advantages combined with lcd and cnos technology. Figure: al-hud principles based on lcos technology lcos, i.e. silicon-based liquid crystals, are reflective microscopic techniques based on silicon-based panels. lcos combined lcd and lcd
The coms technology, which has the advantages of small size, high resolution, wide-colour domain, low-cost applications in electronics, automobiles, medicine, etc., ar: the ar: glasses show three dominant microscopic techniques: lcos, microoled, microled, etc.
Arglass products using the lcos program are Magicleap2, Magicleapone, Microsoft's hololens 1, googlegrads, etc. Ifixit states that the magicleapone displays use op02222 custom versions of Wel op022220lcos products.
• Automobiles: The bus-head display system hud directs information on speed, navigation, etc. to the user's perspective, avoiding safety risks caused by low-head drivers, diversions, etc., as well as upgrading the experience of intelligent cabin use, which shows greater abundance and convenience. Third generation hud product ar-hud (enhanced head display) is divided into tft, tft, tft, etc.
dlp, lcos, and lbs based on mems technology. Compared to the dlp currently used, lcos has a better permeability and a higher heat-resilientness, and is expected to become a mainstream application.
2.11.2lcos: Create a single chip solution, car regulation lcos delivers production volumes. Aurora was acquired in March 2010 to officially enter the lcos field. The company ' s lcos technology enabled the integration drive and frame buffers to achieve a single chip solution; integrated lcos succeeded in reducing power by 40% compared to the double chip scheme. In 2018, the company designed and produced a global master chip that would drive and a combination of lcos chips into a single chip.
1080p displays chips. In terms of capacity, the company has the world's first silicon liquid crystal product supply capacity, including 1 8 inches and 2 12 inches of lcos chip production.ar: In June 2023, the company released the first one-chip solution, designed in an ultra compact format - op.3011, using 3.8 μm pixels in a miniature 0.14-inch optical format, for applications with higher size requirements, smaller viewing sites and lower resolution. In terms of high resolution, the company launched an op03050 in January 2024.
Displays a resolution of 1560x1200, providing high-resolution immersion experience for real-time videoconferencing and video streaming. In addition, op03050 has the advantage of low-power, small-sized, lcos arrays, powered circuits, frame buffers and interfaces in individual chips. Op03050 is expected to produce 24h2. Cars: the company launched the lcos product layout in 2020 and completed the first car-borne lcos product certification in November 2022.
Volume delivery in the ar-hud programme. p02220-3d certified by aec-q100grade3 with resolution 1080p and power consumption as low as 330mw. Figure: 0p03011 in optical format of 0.14 inches is suitable for applications with higher size requirements
The cis tap travels through the cycle to re-launch, the image sensor: the core technology casts a super-high-quality image of the high-end market in all directions of the hunt.
3.1 Automobile tddi fast growth, oled screen dominated by ddic Touch and display: tddi product full coverage, 3.2 displays urgent domestication needs for driver chips
3.3 veroleedddic achieves production, tddi products, 3.4 buys Sweboted products, successfully authenticated through the Intel platform
Simulation: product matrix continues to be rich, system-level solutions 3.1 cartddi fast growth, smartphonesled screens use ddic
Figure: Chinese motor vehicle market 2022/2023 (excluding speech, mainstream display drive chip split into lcd display chip (lcdddic), contact control display of stop-and-bus type) layout multiple screens/joint screen models in vehicle sales
Integration drive chips (tddi) and oled display drive chips (ledddic). tddi: smartphones used primarily for lcd screens. tddi achieved touch chip and display drive using a unified system architecture compared to the ecddddi solution
More efficient communication between chips, effective reduction of display noise, more favourable to mobile electronic devices, thinning, narrow border design requirements. Cars tddi demand is growing rapidly as a result of the trend towards multiscreening of cars.
The program has a capacity of nearly 3.6 million vehicles, exceeding 17%, an increase of 6.5 percentage points in the same year. < < < > > > > > > . < > > > > < < < < < < < < > > > > > > > > > . < < < < < > > > > > > > . < > > > > > > > > > . < < > > > > > > > > . < < > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > .
Tddi has not been infiltrated at amoled and is still dominated by ddic.
3.2 Shows the urgent need for a national production package for the driver chip, which is being replaced by the market for lcddddic, thanks to the need for a light and high-screen ratio of mobile phones; and, as the market for lcd smartphones shrinks, combined with the increasing penetration of the oled, the demand for tddi is expected to be higher.
From the point of view of the industrial chain, mainland China shows a weak design of the driver chip, and a pressing need for a national production package; especially in the case of the uned, it was built with domestic panels like Kyoto East, Visino, Tian Ma Weibo, etc.
The Ulderedddddic production line continues to grow, and the Uledddic national production space is further expanded. 3.3 Willoledddddic achieves volume production, and the tddi product company's touch and display solutions cover multiple products such as oleddddic, lcd-tddi, ted, etc.; at present, lcd-tddi and oleddddddic are mainly used in the smartphone market.
ted was used mainly in the pen electricity market. In 2023, the company managed and demonstrated solutions to reach $1,250 million, a decrease of 14.97 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate of 9.48 per cent, a decrease of 34.88 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to market supply and demand waves, led to a certain decline in the prices of the tentacles and the display chips; and the impact of the same growth in the volume of chips by 65.33 per cent to 133 million, a significant increase in the market share.
tddi: The company's tddi chip covers the mainstream Andre smartphone brand in the country and abroad, and the market share has increased rapidly. The company has achieved full product coverage in the tddi area, from hd720p to fhd1080p, showing the range of frame rate changes from 60hz, 90hz, 120hz to 144hz. td4376 is the company's upgraded version of the fhddddi solution, achieving a resolution of 1080pfhd
And up to 144hz, using a more reliable domestic crystal mill. In addition, the company is newly involved in the development of a vehicle-driven product, and it is expected that 24h2 will launch a vehicle-borne tddi product that meets the requirements of the mainstream market demand. 3.4. Acquisition of the Siwi Bobleted product, successfully validated through the Intel platform
The ted (tconembedddriver) chip brings high-performance edptcon and source polar-driven chips together in a single chip for small and medium-sized display panels to achieve high-speed data transmission based on edp, lower bom costs, and power and fibre. In 2022, the company acquired the Scheffer-based products. Swisp focuses on the drive of the big screen in the narrow border design and tcon chip resolution.
Programs, products have been introduced to high-end laptops and high-screen pay-for-smart terminal equipment in Kyoto East, Chinese PV, cluster photovoltaics, jdi, and association. The core research and development team comes from major international plants such as thine, renesas, sharp, Sony, Fuston, with more than 20 years of experience and technology in logical circuit design, digital signal processing, etc.
The company ted chip has low-capacity, low-cost design advantages that support the mso-stoperation panel display structure of the ted two chip cascades. In January 2023, the company ted chip crx2000a was successfully validated on the Intel 13th-generation core processor platform and became a provider of the Intel global display of solutions.
The company is expected to gain more production opportunities in the customer pen display project through the continued production of original products and the import of new products from branded customers.
High-end market in all directions of rounding, contact control and display: tddi products are fully covered, oleddddic is time-limited
4.1 has mastered a variety of core proprietary technologies, leading to high-end import substitution simulations: the product matrix continues to be rich, 4.2 is dedicated to providing one-stop service, buying the Cricket Booster car market
4.3pmic continuous rotation, sbc expected 24q3 output, 4.4mcu using a nationally manufactured supply chain, power-driven ultra-low static power consumption
4.1 A variety of core proprietary technologies are available to achieve high-end import substitution Corporate simulation solutions are divided into analogue ic and separation devices, the main products being power management chips, led backlight drives and simulation switches, separation devices, etc. Corporate simulation solutions in 2023 generated $1.154 billion, a decrease of 8.56 per cent, Māori rate of 37.28 per cent, a decrease of 3.97 percentage points, excluding the impact of decoupled product line revenue in 2022, 2023
Power management chips: The company is building up its overall structure and design modules for analogue circuits, using a rigorous, scientific research and development system, starting with a design source, a technology autonomy model, and a reverse pdca cycle development system that forms the company’s core technology and is patented. The company takes the lead in developing a high-frequency inhibition ratio (100k~1mhz, with a minimum of psrr reaching 55db or more) ldo, with low power consumption and outstanding performance, to achieve a high-end import substitution.
Discriminating devices: The company has a strong technological reserve for the structure of the device and process. The company has mastered a number of core proprietary technologies, such as multi-mode multi-frequency magnifier technology, soi switch technology, tronch (deep tank) technology, multi-layer outreach technology, backside thinning technology and chip-backing technology. Multi-products based on core technology development can effectively address the major topics facing consumer electronics such as high integration, low power consumption, etc., and are at the forefront of the industry.
4.2 Working to provide a one-stop shop for the acquisition of the Cricket Bubble Automobile Market The company is expanding its product line around the Cis product and is working to provide one-stop service.In 2023, the company completed the acquisition of Cricket and expanded its car simulation chip research and development team in Tianjin.
The Division’s market for simulation solutions has expanded from the original consumer and industrial markets to the automobile market. As the country’s first modelic manufacturer, which also owns the can, the lin transceiver chip, Cricket issues over 40 can, canfd, the lin transceiver chip, accumulated over 200 million items, and the product is widely applied to the vehicle’s functional modules, the country’s most complete product series, the largest delivery volume, and the most mature products.
Design company. The rs485, rs422, rs232 interface series of chips is also widely used in a wide range of fields, such as industry, communications, security, etc.
In April 2023, the company released a domestic front-runner car camera, pmic-orx 1210, which provides a more systematic solution for households with car cis products. Orx1210 consists of a medium-pressure dcdbuck stabilizer, two low-pressure dcdbuck stabilizers and a high-psrr low-noise ldo; of which ldo is designed to optimize the camera sensitive frequency range (100k~1mhz) to better suppress the image quality from power noise.
Impact. The company expects 24q2 to roll out a higher-priced and smaller-size camera, pmic product. sbc (system-based chip): Faced with the rapid growth in demand for electronic components in the vehicle, more features are integrated through individual chip integration to simplify system design as a mainstream method of high system integration. In November 2023, the company launched a lightly quantified ldosbc product of kx0210 to cover the mainstream car code mcu power demand.
Orx0210 is a two-way ldo, with one main ldo providing power to mcu, the other to the internal can sender and the external load. The internal high speed can sender is the most supportive of Canfd5mps communications. The system's lame-back mode is supported. Okx0210 is now sampled, and 24q3 is expected to be produced. 4.4mcu, using the national production supply chain, drives ultra-low static power consumption.
mcu: mcu, as the main component of ecu in the various electronic control units of the car, used approximately 30% of the total number of semiconductor devices used in the car, and the use of smart car mcu is expected to exceed 300. In July 2023, the company car code mcu-omx14x cores.
The omx14x series, except for anrmcore and eflash, allows all ip self-researching, both to eliminate the ip authorized costs and to optimize the targeting of important ips in conjunction with real user scenes.
For the national production supply chain, mcu is a high-valued and secure product power drive: car electrification and intelligent development drives the use of single-car power generators up to 100-150 new energy vehicles. In March 2024, companies pushed them up.
High-performance vehicles have pre-drilled chips - wxmd 1705 with ultra-low static power, wide-entry voltage range, drive and power level independently. Figure: Specific performance of 0mx14x series products
The cis tap travels through the cycle to re-launch, the image sensor: the core technology casts a super-high-quality image of the high-end market in all directions of the hunt.
Touch control and display: tddi product full coverage, oleddddic release timer Simulation: product matrix continues to be rich,
Building systems-level solutions Core assumptions for profit projections
5.1 A profit forecast core scenario. Image sensor solution business: The corporate combustible product matrix has achieved a full range of medium- and high-end coverage, multiple core technologies have continued to refine to provide ultra-high-quality imagery, high-quality product cores have become competitive, and the ownership share behind the flagship has continued to rise. Sustained product optimization is expected to lead to a steady increase in the Māori ratio. We expect company imagery to be 2024-2026.
・Touching and displaying solution business: the company achieves full product coverage in the field of tddi, with vehicle-borne tddi products. In the area of oled, the company, in close cooperation with leading Chinese panel manufacturers, has successfully developed an oleddddic suitable for smartphones; as the domestic oled line is gradually being put into production, the company oleddddic is expected to have more import opportunities. Through the continued production of original products in brand customers and the import of new products, the company is expected to gain more production opportunities in the customer laptop display project.
The supply-demand relationship has gradually been balanced, and the Māori ratio is expected to be restored with the continued release of high-end products such as the oleddddic. We expect that in 2024-2026, companies will have access to the simulator solution business: the company ' s power-management chip product portfolio has covered a wide range of applications for consumer electronics and product networking, while acquiring the analogic product lines for the new car. As the simulations continue to be enriched, corporate system-level solutions have matured and product competitiveness has increased.
5.2 Comparable company valuation comparisons and investment proposals compare our selection of three home-grown leading design companies, São Bong shares and Shao Wei Weiwei, with a China-based global chip design company, with products divided mainly into storage, microcontrolrs and sensors, the world's number one provider of crystalless circle flash. São Bong shares are home-based simulation integrated circuits.
By the end of 2023, São Paulo shares had more than 32 major categories of over 5,200 available for sale. With a focus on research, development, production and marketing in the field of radio frequency integrated circuits, the integrated circuit industry in the country has more comprehensive, integrated capabilities and one of the leading and complete enterprises in the field of radio front-end segmentation.
Weir shares adheres to the “3+n” product layout strategy, achieving medium- and high-end full-series coverage in the cis product matrix, with multiple core technologies continuously refined, providing ultra-high-quality imagery, and high-quality product core competitiveness; as domestic oled panel productivity is released, it is expected that operations will be managed and demonstrated to contribute new drivers of performance growth; and the simulation of business product layouts continued to be rich, providing system-level solutions.
Table: Comparable corporate valuation comparisons ($, billions, yuan/share) cis taps reboot through cycle, opening up a new growth curve Image sensors: core technology casts super-high-quality images, full-scale rounding of high-end markets
Touch and display: tddi products are fully covered, and oleddddic is available in time simulations: product matrices continue to be enriched, building system-level solutions Political, economic factors influence, such as low market demand, strong product competition, and will influence demand and prices and consequently corporate development.
New technologies, new processes, new products and risks of industrialization: companies are in technology-intensive industries that need to keep pace with industry-wide trends and develop and industrialization new technologies, processes and new products that meet market and customer needs in a timely and efficient manner. If there are swings in technology research and development, capital investment in new technologies cannot be increased in a timely manner, or advanced equipment can be acquired in a timely manner.
Market competition risks: downstream applications in the cis industry are widespread. Companies have competitive advantages in terms of technological capacity reserves, customer resource accumulation, capacity size, and purchasing capacity, but failure to respond effectively to increasing market competition will continue to have a negative impact on their performance.
Information cited in the report is at risk of information lags: industry and market-related information in the report is at risk of information lags and does not necessarily respond in a timely manner to current Weir stock (6035001.sh) Weir stock (6035001.sh)
Joaquin Electronics - A depth report series for the "Crys" era, 1, one of the core ages _ a half-conducted weight pound depth, "Emerging Technology Resonance Import Substitutes, Towards Full Chain Investment Opportunities " , 27, "Radio-frequency chips, "Radio-frequency chips drying up billions of space, national production replacing dawn."
28. Mid-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Eight-Engine-Engine-Eng-Eng-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh-Eh.
30, the 30-hole puncture of the cyborg era, the 10-year grinding of the national power source - the sword, the casting of the domestic upgrading replacement, 5, the depth of the cyborg memory, the strategic upgrading of the storage chain, the opening of the national production to replace the “core”, 31, the thirteen-year radio frequency pa, the radial frequency pa innovation, the vast interconnection of everything.
6. Power Semiconductor Depth, Golden Track at Power Semiconductor, open for import substitution, 32; Micro-Micro-City XXXII, domestic semiconductor etching giants, McNeusing & Outer Platforming 7; Deepness of the Seven-Five-Five-Cyceconductor material, foundry Industry Development Keys, open for import substitution opportunities 7
33, XXXIII of the kernel age XXXIII - The domestic pip-header, driving the sipaas model forward 34, the cyt XXXIV Simulation-ic depth ppt, the home-grown gold track, 9; the depth of the nine-and-a-half-time conductor equipment, The Import Substitution Climate Increased, the long-term development of the equipment
35, thirteen-core ocean technology, High Precision Measurement adc+mcu+ai, to the Blue Sea track super-chip star, 10, thirteen-threed/new pieces of the twilight age, Advanced Envelope and New Devices, New Chapters of Integrated Circuits 36, thirteen power & depth of compounds, Augmentation & Substitution Speed, Long-Term Layout of Compounds 36,
11, 11-year-old 11-mic boardboard and slp, "ic board and slp, integrated upgraded board contribution " , 37, "Thirteen-seven-year-old tech focus on smart audio soc chips, fast-growing industry vents " , 12-year-old smart processor, "Amblitic support, a national core is expected to switch to supercars."
38, Core Age XXXVIII and Tate, From High End to High End, Key Platform Innovative Patterns 13, Key Age 13, Advanced Envelopes, National Strategy for Growth 39, Core Age XXXIX at depth ppt.
14 14 silicon films of the core age. " Supply and demand gaps persist, national production is ready. " 40-year-old equipment at ppt depths. " Prenatal route equipment 2021 for the new golden age " 15, " Next generation semiconductor material, 5g enabler market growth " .
41, 41-Power microchip of the core age, Focus on Power Management, Intra-Intra-External Extension Product Lines 16, National Production Substitution Accelerator, Accelerating Development of the Whole Industrial Chains 16, 42-second-time Micropower, National Production fpga Lead Enterprise, High-Tech Barriers for Protecting the City River 42, The High-Technology Barriers.
17. The 17th of the Age of the Cycenic North created " Bistructural build-up opportunities, with a great deal of tension " ; 43rd of the Age of the Cyceres showed a depth driven by pptt " Showing the Driver - Last 1km of National Product " ; 18th of the Age of the Cycephagus " Castigbt Basestone, Creation of Multi-Sector Market Opportunities " .
44, Forty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifty-Fifteen-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly Special and Security-Fly-Fly, Company-Step Rapid Development.
20. The 20th Episode of Cycenic Technology, The Photo-Technology Innovation Lead, The Multiwidth Layout Leads the Future 46, The 46th New Energy Cube of the Cyce 46, ppt Deep, The Air of Carbon Neutrality, The Flying of Foundations 21, The Power Half-Introduction, The Art of Special Industry 21
47, 47aiot*ppt depth of the Cycetic Age, Aiot Age, Soc Vendors Accelerating Development 22, 22 large silicon * heavy-pound depths of the Cycere Age, 1st Blue Sea of Semiconducted Materials, Silicon Integration Process Innovation 48, and 48th New Pyrotechnics of the Cycetic Age, Double Carbon Support Development, Gpu New Application to Build a Secondary Growth Curve 48,
23, The 23rd Triumph of the Cycenic Age, "The Dragon of the 5g track frequency chips, the National Production Replaces the Time", 49i Chips of the Cycling Age, "Ai Powerful Age, Gpu Starts a New Scene" 24, "Silicon "Cry" material is ready for launch in the Cycling Age, and there's plenty of room for commercial production."
50, The 50-year-old shares in "Category-Category" 25, The 25-year-olds share in the 25-year-olds in the 25-year-old Weir, "The optical telemetry is a steady lead, the system's program is a big picture 51, The 51-year-old smart electric vehicles 1,000 ppt (multi-industry co-ordinated), "The Smart Motor Vehicle is a full-scale researcher."
26, 26 Central Rings of the Cycling Age, Half-guided Silicon Silicon Thick, with a unique track tree. 52, Fifty-two cyborg microppt depths of the Cycling Age.
53, The 53rd Episode of the Cycenic Age, Focusing on bldc power-driven control chips, three core technologies lead 70, The 70-Way of the Cycling Age, The Cmp Headings of National Productions, Keeping Up High, Platforming 71, The 71-Eyce of the Cyceres, The Loop National Lead, The strong cycle attribute 2024.
54, Fifty-four Na-chip microlights of the cyborg age, Focusing on High-end Simulationic, dedicated to the supply of domestic semiconductors 72, Seventy-two microelectrics of the ceremonial era, Viewings Technically Protected River & md Deep Cooperation, More in the Ai Wave 55, The Fifty-Fifty-Five Crystal Morning Shares of the cerebral Age, The Core Technology for the Earth, The Wings for the World.
73. Seventy-three long electrotechnics, supported by the XdfoitTM platform, sound arithmetic/sustainability/car trio, 56 microscopics of the cytochrome, a comprehensive comparative analysis of the UV country microscopic microscopics, 74 microchip ppt of the cythys, ppt "chip" for advanced algorithms to “calculate" the intelligence of things.
57, 57-N.O.O.S. Soc, The Power Age, The Processor Soc Factory Comprehensive Comparison 75, 75-E.D. 4 Core Materials, ppt.
76. Equipment material ppt. 76hbm of the Cycenic Age.
60, 60-year-old arithmetic gpu, re-accelerated i industrialization, re-opened intelligence, 78-year-old Weir shares, global lead in cis technology, re-starting through cycles, 61-inch microbes, 2 depths of artificial intelligence, alotsoc taps.
62, Control of Technology/Produces as Foundations, soc/modules/power testers 63, Sixty-Three Quantities of the Ether Age.
65, 65-year-old technology, Fingerprints, Touch Controls, Keeping Market Top, New Starts, 66-year-olds, 66-year-olds, product structure upgrades, brand client breakthroughs, eight-year-olds, 67-year-olds, 672.5d/3d wrappings, pt. Technology development leads industrial change, high-density sealing.
68th of the Cube Age shows that the driver chip, pptt, displays the drive chip - the last genre of the panel nationalization 69, the age of the core 69, the logic of the double-transit strategy booster, highlights, t-box shapes the second century, builds up a sound mature team self-motivation mechanism and a young team development mechanism, fully validated by the market; and led a brand-new team in 2023.
Deputy Secretary-General, Department of Electronic Engineering, Qinghua Alumni Association, and Member of the Executive Committee on Electronic Information, Shanghai Alumni Association, Qinghua University