Downstream demand recovery drive q3 over-expected performance - 603986 tracking report
Performance improves on a quarterly basis, and downstream demand continues to grow, such as 10t. From quarterly data, companies continue to benefit from downstream demand shifts, and noor and mcu sales continue to outpace expectations.
It should be noted that the rapid growth of demand in the 10t market is critical, and there are clear signs of the spread of products such as equipment and intellectuals, thus boosting the rapid growth of company-related revenues. Product structure optimization drives an improvement in the q3 Māori ratio, with q4 still in good shape.
The Māori rate was 39.1%, while the Māori rate was 40.6% for the q3 season, an increase of 1.2.3.1 percentage points for the same/ring ratio, and the significant improvement in Māori rate was due to the optimized structure of the new product imports. At this point, with the company 55nmnor at q4
Gradual production, with a cost advantage relative to 65 nmnor, is expected to drive the Māori rate down. At the same time, given that the company’s high capacity of noor above 256 mb does not have much room for release, it is expected that the company’s future business structure will continue to be optimized to support further profits.
The first three quarters of the year have been technologically iterative in terms of storage, object networking, wearables, control and automobiles _aaa_mega-renovation (603986) 2018 semi-annual reports.
It is worth noting that the current company ' s 38nmslc-based Nand flash has stabilized its output, while the 24nm-based product has been introduced, and product advantages have been strengthened; 2) the Mcu product system has been built on a continuous basis, with multiple new products introduced in the mcu sector.
_aaa_mega-Innovation (603986) point review report and the launch in August of 32 micromcu based on risc-v, product eco-building perfect; 3) optical fingerprint sensor collars in the sensor field through M&A
Domain. The revenue and profits expected from q3 and q4 are considerable.
..dram pushes ahead of expectations to develop an additional code autonomous R & D. In 2017, the company launched a 12 inch dram storage research project with compost, and in October 2019, the company proposed to raise an additional $4.32 billion for dram chip autonomous R & D, with a focus on 1xnm.
The dram technology under the process (19nm, 17nm) is planned to develop ddr3, lpddr3, ddr4, lpddr4 series dram chips. Currently, the compost gluten is officially in production and is expected to be marketed in 2020. According to Trendforce data, the dram market 2020
It will reach nearly 100 billion, and 96 per cent of its share is currently monopolized by Tristar (46 per cent), sk-Helius (29 per cent), Migwang (21 per cent), so corporate cooperation with Nagato and autonomous research and development of the dram project are significant and will be the key to replacing national production in the field of storage.
The Bureau will also greatly expand the company’s long-line growth space. Profit predictions and investment proposals: technological advantages and operational strengths in three main areas of company storage, mcu, sensors, etc., while the dram project opens up huge opportunities.
Long-term space. Taking into account the company's q3 over-expected performance, we have revised its chart 1: the growth of the company's revenues in recent years, operating income (billion yuan) - year-on-year ratio (%)