Geo-Innovation (603986) E-cycle reverse, turning point to South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company collected $10.0 billion in the first quarter of 19q3, an increase of 63.0 per cent in the same year and 34.3 per cent in the ring;
The product structure optimization has led to a steady increase in the Māori rate. The Māori rate for the 19q3 quarter is 40.6%.
elasticity. On the one hand, with the company ' s 55nmnor growing production from q4 to q4, there has been a significant improvement in cost compared to 65nm. On the other hand, the company ' s high capacity of noor above 256m will continue to grow in the future, and the application landscape will expand to emerging markets such as communications, cars, etc., and the product structure has been further optimized.
The demand side is expected to drive noor into a new upward cycle. In 1, 17 years, noor's upper cycle is driven by the supply side. Short-term capacity shortages, with noor prices rising, were caused by the gradual withdrawal of light from low-end noor markets in 2017. 2. Demand side improvements are expected to start the next up-cycle cycle.
The price of the major tackable equipment has risen exponentially. At the same time, the construction of the 5g base station has a strong demand for a large volume of nor, so we believe that the large capacity is the first to start a new up-to-date cycle.3 The performance of the world’s norflash giants has improved considerably.
The market is expected to be close to 100 billion market size by 2020, while 96% of the market is monopolized by 3 stars, sk Hercules, and 3 Migwangs. The omens of innovation began in 2017.
In October 2019, the company proposed to raise an additional $4.3 billion for dram chip autonomous research and development. The company is now officially in production and is expected to start selling in the first half of the 20th century, and we believe that it will be easy to cooperate with the dram and develop it autonomously.
The project not only greatly expands the magnified performance space, but also has great significance for the dram’s national production substitution. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
Tracks (2019-09-24) 2. Micro-innovation (603986): Performance trap has arrived, base 3. Micro-innovation (603986): storage of a large expansion of the platform
Head (2019-06-30) 4. Mt. Innovation (603986): Star Fire for Storage of Auto-Innovation (2019-02-24)
With the growth of demand for nor storage chips at the tws and 5g base stations and the build-up of the production of 55 nmnor, it is expected that the volume of corporate nor storage chips will increase by 20 per cent over the next three years; due to the limitations on the floor space of the down-cycle storage cycle and better cost controls for 55 nmnor, it is expected that in the next three years there will be an increase in the nor Maori ratio, gross.
2. As the company ' s slcnand is still in its initial release phase and still has a large release space, it is projected to deliver 50 per cent, 100 per cent and 50 per cent of the volume increase over the next three years, respectively, and the price and Māori rate levels are expected to be relatively stable over the next three years, given that slcnand is a niche reserve, with a Māori rate of 34 per cent.
3. With the progress and technological upgrading of the mcu chip, the volume of mcu exports is expected to increase by 50 per cent, 50 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, over the next three years, in the context of a step-by-step expansion in applications such as variable frequency air conditioning, smart metering, Mcu, Māori rate 4. Identification of the technological growth trend in the chip based on fingerprints and the negative trend in the performance of the capacitor-touch chip, combined.
The company, as a repository of chips and microcontrolr designers, selects philosophies, São Paulo shares, Weir shares, $193.8 and gives a “buy-in” rating. No one has ever received, for no reason, nor will he receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.