On October 29, the company released three quarterly reports: 2.2 billion won in September, an increase of 28 per cent compared to the net profit of the mother.
Four hundred and fifty million yuan, a 22 per cent increase in the same year, $390 million in net profit from non-repatriation to the mother, a 15 per cent increase in the same year; $700 million in net operating cash flow, a 133 per cent increase in the same year.
q3 outperforms our previous judgement. q3 1 billion yen a year, 63% more, 34% more ring, 260 million net profit to mother, 98% more, 77% more ring. q3 single season Maori, +6.3 pct. Performance growth benefits mainly from high downstream demand, optimized processes and products, and the same Māori ratio.
The ring has increased significantly; the scale effects have continued to show, and profitability has continued to rise. Noorflash continues to grow, benefiting tws +5g demand pulls. The vortex norflash climate cycle is dominated by demand pulls from tws headphones, object networking, 5g base stations, etc.
The company continues to produce 256mb, 512m large-volume products, optimizes the arts and crafts process, and has made important breakthroughs in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, and car electronics. Nandflash has already achieved volume production on 38nmslc products, while small- and medium-volume Nandflash and emmc products continue to be rolled out.
Dram is ahead of schedule, with an additional coded dram, first-generation 8gbdrdr4dram, which is expected to be put into production ahead of schedule, with products certified by large domestic and foreign clients. The company is planning to increase by no more than $4,324 million to the dram chip development and industrialization project, with a focus on:
It is planned to develop ddr3, lpddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 series of dram chips. The company has already achieved the full product layout of the chip storage, and is expected to develop advanced drams, which will fill the domestic void and open up long-line growth space.
Slim made an important breakthrough, Mcu's state-of-the-art replacement accelerated, Slim's brand cell phone client has produced a lot, q4's promising ring improvement, and the 5g superb fingerprint program has matured.
The company is the world’s leading repository chip and mcu supplier, benefiting from the semiconductor self-control trend, and is one of the strategic platforms for national chip storage.
Substitution of chip national production accelerated, considering the impact of the acquisition of Shanghai Slim, with ps expected to be evaluated separately in 19/20/21: Progress in long-sleeve storage is over-expected, and new 2.
Division point review: 19h1 performance exceeded expectations and product lines continued with fluctuations in raw materials prices, such as 1 crystal circle; 2, storage chip price reduction; 3, dram capacity climbs short of expectations.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity and Investment Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology, and a Master of Arts from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,