O3 performance is higher than expected, industry performance is stronger than expected - Q3 performance is higher than expected in the three-quarterly editions of Lei-Innovation, industry is up to date with growth prospects, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating
Minimum/highest in a year: 3 quarterly reports issued by companies: 2.204 billion yuan (+28.04 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2019, $262 million net profit from mothers (+98.21 per cent) and continued good corporate performance and higher market expectations.
For downstream demand, such as tws headphones, object networking, to push the nor, mcu industry up, and help performance continues to break out. We raise profit forecasts, companies are expected to return to their net profits in 2019-2021 for new products, new customer imports, and product structures continue to be optimized, raising the q3 Mäori rate to 40.58% in 2019.
Quarterly data show that the q1, q2 and q3 single-season revenues were different from net profit gains in 2019, mainly due to downstream demand, and that the company’s noor and mcu sales grew better. The company’s new products and new customers were imported, the product structure was continuously optimized, and q3’s combined Māori rate increased in 2019.
By 40.58 per cent (+1.2 pct), the net profit rate had risen to 26.13 per cent (+4.68 pct); with regard to the cost rate, R & D costs increased by 72.99 per cent in the first three quarters of the public and by 72.99 per cent in the first three quarters of the public, increasing core competitiveness and consolidating market position The cost of R & D increased significantly by 72.99 per cent in the first three quarters of the 2019s to $243 million in the same year, and the company maintained it.
With high R & D inputs, a full range of products with technological and cost advantages has been introduced, with increasing core competitiveness. After M & As, the company’s business layout has been divided into three main directions: storage, object networking, and sensors: storage, continuous development of new products and technological upgrading, and targeting of networking, wearables, industrial controls, and steam.
q2 Performance Expected, Storage Cycles Ending in the Future, New Products in various areas such as Car Electronics, 38 nmslc's Nandflash has stabilized production, Heavy Pumping into Dram Tracks, Domestic Storage Dragons
The 24nm process product will be further rolled out; in the mcu case, the company accumulated more than 300 million shipments for high-performance, low-cost and high-material networking applications that developed new products and were widely used in the market;
In the area of sensors, companies enter the field of optical fingerprint sensors through M&As. We believe that the downstream industry will continue to move up, that the company will benefit fully and that the market position will be further consolidated.