Silicon taps, high-speed underestimations, global high-purity silicon taps, with sustained high growth in performance: the company was founded in 2011 as one of the first enterprises in the country to engage in high-purity, multi-crysilica research and development and manufacturing, mainly downstream in the photovoltaic sector. In 2020, the company produced about 7.5 silicon.
Ten thousand tons, representing an increase of 96.3 per cent in the same year, about 22.7 per cent in the market for single crystal silicon and about 19.5 per cent in the market for silicon, and the second highest in the world in combined reporting. The company continued to grow in reverse by cost advantage during the larger cycle of silicon, with its operating income rising from $540 million in 2013 to $4.66 billion in 2020, with a compound increase every year.
36.1% long, the base price of silicon material reversed in mid-2020, when the company achieved a net profit of $1.04 billion to its mother, and the company ' s cost and quality advantages were significant, with long single locking in the needs of silicon-silicon-head clients: the company had a number of core process techniques to improve the Siemens rule of law and prepare high-purity multi-crystal silicon materials. The company ' s products were in a small number of current son lifetimes, basic metal impurities.
Key product quality indicators, such as content, carbon concentration, oxygen concentration, are significantly better than national standards and rivals. In terms of cost, indicators such as combined electricity consumption, silicon consumption, steam consumption and water consumption are better than industry levels, 2021q1 company cash cost of silicon is $5.4/kg, depreciation cost is $0.9/kg, combined cost
The company's top five clients before 2020 include Lungi, Crystal, Onboard, Crystal, China, and so on, in addition to the company's new silicon long list of new energy sources from the sky and the high landscape, with an average of 160,000 tons of carbon per year to be frozen, the carbon trading market was launched on 16 July, with an initial price of 52.78 yuan per ton.
Some 30 countries have set a “carbon neutral” target. Photovoltaics as the primary source of clean energy for carbon emission reduction, with new installed machines expected to grow from 130gw in 2020 to 300gw-400gw in 2025.
At a low price, the industry will actually add less to the supply of silicon in the coming year, with a relatively tight supply of silicon and a high price of 15-20 million yen per ton of silicon in the next year. Over the last 10 years, silicon production capacity has been in the form of a continuous exit, it will be released, silicon prices will return from 2023 onwards, overseas capacity will be withdrawn and domestic silicon production will take over.
Tens of tons, with sales (excluding taxes) at an average price of 120 yuan/kq, 105 yuan/kq, 90 yuan/kq, with a continuous high cost period: other production risks such as sudden explosions: demand in the photovoltaic industry is not as high as expected.
(i) Focus on high-purity multi-crystal silicon research and development and manufacturing; focus on high-purity multi-crystal silicon production, the product of which is located on the upper edge of the photovoltaic industrial chain. The All-Power Energy was established in 2011 as one of the first enterprises in the country to engage in high-purity multi-crystal silicon research and development and manufacturing, the main product being high-purity polycrysilica.
The sales income from pure multi-crystal silicon as a percentage of operating income is 99.20%, 99.17%, 98.55% and 99.33% respectively. The company produces multi-crystal silicon, mainly in the photovoltaic sector, which is the upstream base material for the solar photovoltaic industry and whose quality directly affects the critical energy of downstream products.
One of the world’s leading firms in high-purity multi-crystal silicon manufacturing, which has been listed for 10 years. New Xinjiang Energy Inc. was founded in 2011 and adopted on February 2, 2021 by the Board of Directors of ipo’s first-ever high-purity multi-crystal production board.
One of the enterprises in Silicon R & D and manufacturing has the world's only single 70,000-ton multi-crystal silicon plant. The company has been involved in the development of six national, group and semi standards related to the photovoltaic industry, which are recognized as the “National Enterprise Technology Centre” by sectors such as the National Development and Reform Commission.
At present, the shareholders in the company are the Caymans, and in the end they are Mr. Xu Guangfu and Mr. Xu Shang. The Caymans are listed on the United States New York Stock Exchange and hold 94.26% of the company's shares. Mr. Xu Guangfu and Mr. Xu Shang are also the real owners of the Caymans. They are father-son relations. Mr. Xu Guangfu is the chairman of both the Caymans and Xinjiang.
10.99% of all shares, directly and indirectly through Cayman, hold 11.71% of all shares in Xinjiang. Mr. Xu Shang is the director of Grand Cayman and Xinjiang, holds 8.58% of all Caymanian shares, holds 9.40% of all Xinjiang shares directly and indirectly through Cayman.
The production quality is stable, with a closed ring running for high-purity multi-crystal silicon. With the growing advantage of monocrystal technology, the photovoltaic industry has a tendency to replace single-crystal routes quickly, with single-crystal silicon silicon silicon taking the mainstream of the market. The company’s products match the development trends in downstream markets, and the share of more pure monocrysil silicon silicon material in multisilicon products has increased year by year.
The annual domestic production of single crystal silicon tablets was 326,000 tons, with a company-owned rate of 22.68 per cent (19.52 per cent for the silicon industry as a whole), with the company ranked second globally in the combined statements. The higher product performance of single crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
(ii) Silicon prices began to rise in 2020, with a drop in the cumulative cost, and corporate performance increased. Corporate business earnings and net profits grew at a high rate in 2020, sustained by high growth in 2021. Corporate sales of silicon sold in 2020 amounted to 74812 tons, double the volume of sales, compared to 38,110 tons in 2019. Multi-crystal silicon prices recovered steadily and the company ' s capacity to sell.
Further upswings were the main reason for the company’s significant increase in its revenue in 2020. In 2020, the company achieved $4.406 billion, an increase of 81.62% over the same period; in 2020, the net return to the mother was $958 million, an increase of 287.85% over the same period. In 2016-2020, the average annual return to the company was $1.66 billion, an increase of 41% over the same period, and in the first quarter of 2021, the net return to the mother was $582 million, an increase of the same amount.
A 130% increase. On 1 July, the company offer statement revealed that business income was expected to reach $4.13 billion in the first half of 2021, and that the decline in unit costs had led to an increase in the Māori rate. Between 2017 and 2019, Māori rates showed a downward trend as a result of the negative impact on Māori rates of the fall in single-level company costs on the FDRS unit price.
Since the month, the price of polycrystal silicon has rebounded rapidly after it hit the ground, the costs of overlaying unit production have continued to decline, the company’s Māori rate has recovered significantly, and profitability has increased. Corporate cost rates have generally tended to decline, with relatively high management rates in 2018 and 2019 mainly due to new restricted shares awarded to large segments of Xinjiang’s staff in 2018.
Global emission reductions have been agreed, and the energy revolution is imperative, with carbon reductions leading to the growth of photovoltaic power,1 our carbon emissions peaked in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060.
On the one hand, as the world’s largest energy-producing and energy-consuming country, my country faces a lack of sustainable supply capacity for conventional energy; on the other hand, global energy shortages, climatic anomalies and environmental pollution are increasing, the concept of green development is gaining ground, and carbon reductions have become a global consensus.
On September 22, 2020, General Secretary Xi Jinping, at the 75th session of the United Nations General Assembly, said that his country would strive to reach a peak in carbon by 2030 and a carbon neutralization by 2060.
And, for the first time, this is the first time that our country has identified carbon neutrality. The fifth anniversary of the Paris Accord, “Climate ambition summit”, of 12 December 2020, will enter the peak platform and be contained within 10.5 billion tons after that date. In intensity, by 2030, the carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gdp will have fallen by more than 65 per cent from 2005. On 11 March 2021, the two meetings voted to adopt the 14th Five-Year Plan outline, proposing an acceleration.
Emphasis is placed on implementing the 2030 goal of national ownership to address climate change, with a programme of action for carbon emissions up to 2030. The energy structure of the country accounts for about 50% of the carbon emissions from electricity and heat, and achieving the emission reduction target is the key.
According to irena, global carbon emissions exceeded 35 billion tons in 2018. According to bnef, our CO2 emissions in 2018 amounted to about 9.5 billion tons, representing about 28.6% of the world; they came mainly from electricity and heat, accounting for about 50%.
Renewable energy is an important measure for power reduction, and solar photovoltaics will lead to a transformation of the electricity sector. The most important measures for electricity reduction include the use of renewable energy, nuclear energy, energy storage, hydrogen, carbon capture-use-containment (ccus), but only renewable energy, which is the most feasible and capable of replacing fossil energy on a large scale.
The capacity will increase by 50% between 2019 and 2024, with solar photovoltaic installed capacity accounting for 60% of the increase. Solar photovoltaic power will reach 25% of total electricity demand in 2025, 10 times the total solar photovoltaic power in 2017.
After billions of tons, it fell to about 2.25 billion tons in 2050.2 Global emissions reduction commitments are made by key countries and regions to advance carbon neutrality processes.2 On 4 November 2016, the Paris Accord entered into force and countries will work to increase the average temperature before industrialization
Control within 2°C, and seeking control within 1.5°C, the world has opened a new era of climate governance. Based on “autonomous contributions, bottom-up” participation, more than 110 Parties and regions have now made their own commitments.
In the United States, Biden announced the return of the United States to the Paris Agreement on the first day of his tenure, 2035 carbon-free power generation in the United States and 2050 carbon neutrality. (ii) The official launch of our carbon trade will drive the continued high growth of new photovoltaics.
This Friday, the national carbon trading started, with the first deals of 10 companies, including the national energy industry. On the morning of July 16, the country's carbon market started the online trading. The launch ceremony was held simultaneously in Beijing, Hubei and Shanghai, according to the overall structure of the “one-man-two-by-one” trade. At 9:30 p.m., the national carbon trading was officially launched at the Shanghai Environmental Energy Exchange, and the national carbon trading was opened at a cost of $48.00/
Tons. At 9:30, the first national carbon deal was successfully brokered, at a price of 52.78 yuan per ton, for a total of 160,000 tons, for a trade of 7.9 million yuan. Ten countries, namely, the Shining Energy Group, Huayun Power, China China Power Group, China Petroleum Chemical Group, National Energy Group, China Power Investment Group, China China China China China China China China China China China China Petroleum and Gas Group, China Da Tang Group, Zhejiang Energy Group, etc.
Businesses have become the first companies to enter into the national carbon trading market. The first major emissions from the electricity-generating sector that are known to be involved in the national carbon-emissions trading exceed 2,162, and these companies have more than 4 billion tons of carbon dioxide, meaning that China’s carbon-emission trading market will be the largest carbon market in the world covering greenhouse gas emissions. On the basis of 1 kg coal, about 3 kwh of electricity can be produced.
And emit about 2.6-2.8 kg CO2 at current carbon prices, and if all reductions in photovoltaic power are involved in the carbon trade, it can bring about an additional carbon gain of about $0.045/kwh to the power station company, and if 5% of the reductions in photovoltaic power enter the carbon trading market, it can generate carbon gains of about $0.025/kwh, and the carbon trading landings will continue to drive the continued high growth of additional photovoltaic loaders.
Data show that in 2020, the country maintained its first-largest capacity for new and cumulative photovoltaics, with an increase of 48.2gw in size in the country, a 60% increase over the same period. On a quarterly basis, the number of installed aircraft in one quarter fell in proportion to the impact of the outbreak, and the number of installed aircraft in one quarter grew resiliently, especially in the fourth quarter, when prices in the supply chain rose to 29.4gw.
The year 2021 marks the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan, and is a crucial year for the country's access to affordable Internet access. According to China's Association of Photovoltaic Industries, our market for photovoltaic applications will continue to grow rapidly in 2021, with new installed machines of up to 55gw, during which time the market will reach its peak in carbon neutrality and carbon peaks, and it is expected that the country will see an average annual bust.
New 70gw-90gw. A growing number of countries are now contributing to a “green recovery” in the world economy following the epidemic. The annual global photovoltaic market size of national renewable energy incentives will continue to expand at an accelerated pace, with 150gw-170gw installed in 2021, compared to the same year.
(i) At the end of the demand: 625,000 tons of silicon from new photovoltaic machines, according to the Silicon Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metals Industry Association, the size of the global light-voltage aircraft is expected to reach 166.9gw in 2021.
China 60.9gw, Europe 27.5gw, and the United States 24.0gw. The steady growth of the terminals’ photovoltaic loaders has led to an increase in demand for upstream silicon. By industry averages, 1w multi-crylic silicon consumes approximately 3.5g-3.7g and 1w single-crysilica consumes approximately 2.9g-3.1g silicon.
On the assumption that the 2021 and 2022 tolerance ratios would be 1.25, the additional 1gw light-voltage units would correspond to the demand for 3521 and 3496 tons of silicon, respectively.
Globally, the multi-crystal silicon industry is gradually shifting to the home country, and foreign production lags out. Since 2009, global multi-crystal silicon capacity as a whole has tended to shift to China.
Second, because the production capacity of the downstream silicon chain is concentrated in the country, our production of silicon in 2019 was 97.4 per cent of the world's total, and the domestic multi-crystal silicon self-sufficiency rate increased, crushing the markets of overseas multi-crysilica enterprises. Third, because of domestic multi-crystal production, the quality of silicon products is constantly improving.
In addition, the Korea Korea company announced that it would shut down all its multi-crystal silicon operations by the end of February 2021. In 2021 and 2022, foreign multi-crystal silicon production firms had no expansion measures.
Figure 14: The share of domestic polycrystal silicon production is on the rise, and domestic concentration in the multicrystal silicon sector has gradually increased. In 2018-2019, the domestic multicrysil silicon industry experienced a new round of low-cost expansion of new capacity, with silicon prices falling sharply, leading to domestic backwardness and high-cost production capacity being phased out.
At the end of June of the year, Xinjiang was able to produce about 95% of the country’s total multi-crystal silicon capacity in 8 enterprises, including Xinjiang, Tonway, New Special Energy, Pauline, East Hope, Asia’s Silicon Industry, Ordos, and Nemon Gourang. New production capacity was limited in 2021, and more released in 2022.
Xinjiang has 35,000 tons of productive capacity outside the Xinjiang 3-phasea project, no additional capacity, and a shortage of multi-crystal silicon supplies throughout the year. New landings in 2021 have been limited.
By March of that year, the capacity had risen from 66,000 to 100,000 tons. The East wanted to add 30,000 tons of capacity. Asia’s silicon industry, with 30,000 tons of capacity, was expected to start production by the end of the year.
The increase is mainly due to the additional 100,000 tons of production capacity in 2021 and the 54,000 tons of silicon expansion project in the Polyclinic, which is expected to increase by more than 300,000 tons. The Xinjiang q1 project is expected to be launched in 2022, with a capacity of 35,000 tons. Furthermore, it will be launched by the end of the year. On 11 May, the East hoped to sign a strategic partnership with the government of Ningxia Autonomous Region to invest 30 billion yuan in the construction of 40 million yuan per year.
In 2022, new players in the silicon industry began to move on. As silicon prices have continued to be higher than $200,000 per ton in recent times, the silicon industry or more new players are emerging to create an uncertain increase in capacity.
On June 8, Liuyang's share (Technology Dragon III) announced the construction of 100,000 tons of high-purity multi-crystal silicon projects in Ningxia Rock Passage: March, June 6th, Bo Fung Energy built 600,000 tons of annual multi-crysilica projects in Silvergawa, with 300,000 tons planned in one phase, and has already started work: 4; Qing Hae Hae-hai plans to invest 18 billion yuan in three phases of the construction of 200,000 tons of annual high-crysilica projects and 4.5 billion yuan in one phase.
Construction began in July of this year and construction was completed in December of 2022. (iii) Silicon prices: prices are still high this year, and prices of multi-crystal silicon are mainly influenced by supply and demand of multi-crystal silicon products for the next two years or below shocks.
The price of silicon has experienced three major declines since 2008 as a result of the excess performance of the stage: between 2008 and 2009, as a result of the financial crisis, reduced policy support in European countries led to reduced demand for photovoltaic batteries, overinvestment in the domestic photovoltaic industry, and silicon prices fell in the first round, from about $450/kg to $100/kg.
In 2010-2012, the country ' s powerful multi-crystal silicon producers continued to expand and their capacity grew too fast; at the same time, the reduction in European subsidy power reduced market demand, leading to another steep fall in the price of the multi-crystal silicon, which fell from $700/kg to the treaty bill, and the impact of China ' s 531 policy, with the third round of silicone prices falling sharply.
In early 2020, an outbreak abroad delayed the need for photovoltaic terminals, weakened silicon demand in the first half of the year and reduced prices: since July, the demand for downstream installed machines has been restored, the new capacity of silicon mills has been released, the production of silicon plants has been drastically reduced as a result of the silicon plant accidents (the Xinjiang explosion + the Leisan water disaster) and the price of silicon has been rising rapidly since July 2020: 2020q4 so far, the wave of light-voltage downstream mounted machines has been on the rise.
The price of silicon, supported by the demand for orders awaiting delivery at the silicon mill, is again on a fast upward trend, with a high price shock that is expected to remain at $1.82 million per tonne. According to the analysis above in this report, silicon production performance in 2021 was slightly lower than the need for a light voltage machine, and a tight balance of supply and demand would support silicon during the year.
The price of silicon production continues to rise. The longer life cycle of silicon production has led to less release in 2021 in the new year of increased crystallized silicon capacity, while the accelerated expansion of market loads and the short expansion of silicon plants have resulted in higher demand than supply in the year. In 2022, silicon stress is expected to be reduced as new production moves towards production; and in the light of the general trend towards lower costs in the overall photovoltage chain, it is anticipated that, with the decline in the overall cost of the silicon industry chain,
In the first and second quarters of 2021, the supply of silicon was greater than the demand, with a shortfall of 56,000 tons in the fourth quarter. In 2022, the supply was expected to exceed the demand for the entire year, but four quarters were expected to exceed the demand.
At the end of the year, silicon prices are expected to remain high for the year 2021, subject to market expectations, and the effect of changes in supply-demand relationships on prices will be on the market in advance. From the first quarter of 2021, although supply was larger than demand, silicon prices were on the one hand, owing to expectations of supply shortages in the second half of the year.
Quarterly upswings are expected to continue in the first half of the year, with silicon supply exceeding demand in the second half of the year, four, with significant full cost advantages, and a continued expansion in the ability of the JCL to lock in demand (i) to meet multiple JCLA orders.
In recent years, the Xinjiang has been expanding from 8.42% in 2017 to 19.7% in 2020. In 2020, the company produced more than 35,000 tons of capacity under the three-phased silicon a project, with a total capacity of 70,000 tons/year.
In the second half of 2022, the total capacity will reach 110,000 tonnes/year. In 2020, the total domestic production of polycrystal silicon was about 392,000 tonnes, the corresponding output of companies was 773,000 tonnes, with a capacity utilization rate of 110.4%.
Xinjiang has signed long-term supply agreements with silicon companies. Xinjiang has signed supply contracts for silicon-silica-silica-silicon-head companies such as Lungi, Crystal Energy, On-board Count Control, Central Rings, and Tsilica Light Energy, for up to 2025, with an average annual supply of 16,070,000 tons, with an order and capacity ratio of 182%.
U.S. silicon energy, Trina light energy, Lungi shares.
It's a new energy source.
Lungi shares, on-board numbers, high-vision solar energy.
Get on the plane. Lungi shares, Paulie shares.
Crystal Australasia, Lungi shares, Asia's Silicon Industries.
8 February 2021, Oci Malaysia.
(ii) Cost controls are strong, with significant competitive advantages, 1. Raw materials and energy consumption are important factors affecting costs. Energy and raw materials account for the largest share of the cost of multi-crystal silicon production. Cost balance is achieved by allocating new capacity to Xinjiang and Tonway shares
Structures are available for splitting, with energy accounting for about 32-37% of total costs, raw materials for about 35-42%, and depreciation for about 15%. A breakdown shows that energy costs are mainly for electricity (87%), followed by steam (12%), and raw materials mainly for silicon powder (74%).
Figure 19: Disaggregated production costs in the first three quarters of the year 2020  energy power  raw materials  depreciation  manual cost  2 other, technological improvements, scale effects and low-priced location layouts, forming significant cost advantages
The company produces polycrystal silicon by improving the Siemens method with cold hydrogenation, which is the dominant technology in the industry. The improved method is the use of chlorine and hydrogen to synthesize hydrogen chloride, which produces trichloride silicon at a certain temperature with industrial silicon powder, and then separates the distillation of trichloride silicon, which is refined to produce high-purity polycrystal silicon by producing a chemical phase deposition reaction in the reduction furnace.
Analysis from a cost structure suggests that reducing energy consumption and raw material consumption per unit of products in multi-crystal silicon production is the key to this reduction. Before this, the cost of production per unit of silicon products in Xinjiang is $40.65/kg and the cash cost is $34.71/kg. The unit consumption of raw materials such as energy and silicon powder in the company’s production process is far better than the industry average in China’s Association of Photovoltage Industries.
Other indicators have reached the projected average of 2030 in the industry, with cost advantages. Figure 23: Low consumption of silicon and water for large-scale energy sources, Figure 22: Low consumption of combined power and steam for large-scale energy sources
Through research and development innovations, continuous technological advances, energy consumption per unit of product, and reduced raw material consumption. Through years of technology closing, companies have developed their own technological characteristics and core key technologies and have achieved high-quality, low-energy, low-cost, high-purity multi-crystal silicon products made available through informatization, intelligent production devices and closed-ring operating processes.
On the one hand, the scale effect of a company's start-up project leads to lower power consumption and lower energy consumption for public works on chemical segment installations, which share the unit product. On the other hand, the depreciation amortization of fixed assets associated with the production project has a greater impact on unit costs, given the relatively high level of prior investment in the multi-crystal silicon industry.
The company’s capacity of 70,000 tons is concentrated in the western low-priced areas, and it operates and produces in the same location. The rich coal resources, the low cost of power generation, and the ten-year preferential power price agreement between the company and the power provider ensure that the company’s electricity costs remain industry-dominated for a long time.
With limited low-cost production capacity, companies are able to maintain some margin of profit. In 2021, global multi-crystal silicons present a situation in which supply is inadequate, and market prices depend on marginal supply costs of marginal demand.
The cost of cash for global polycrystal silicon margin needs could not be less than 75 kg/dollar in 2021, more than double the company’s cash cost. According to infolink, the average price of polycrystal silicon in 2021 had reached $54/kg as at 24 March, and the average price of single crystal silicon was $101/kg. With single crystal silicon material becoming the mainstream of the market, it is expected that more silicone will be available throughout 2021.
The average price is 118 yuan/kg, with a maximum price of no more than 159 yuan, and the company’s profit level is rising. In 2022, it is expected that the global supply of polycrystal silicon will be eased, with 737,000 tons of polycrystal silicon, 748,000 tons of multicrystal silicon, and 11,000 tons more than the demand for the year, at a cash cost of 75 yuan/kg. As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2022,
The multi-crystal silicon market is in short supply, so, on balance, there is no significant reduction in the price of multi-crysilica, the average price of which is expected to be 94 yuan/kg in 2022.3 The new technology is still not mature, and the granular silicon still needs to be observed.
In addition, there is the silicone flow bed method, which produces multiple crystalline silicon forms as granular silicon. According to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries, in 2020, silicone accounted for only 2.8 per cent of the country’s total production.
1) Gas hydration: 3 sicl4+2h2+si4sihcl3; 2) Discrimination: 2 sihcl34 sih2cl2+sicl4, 2 sih2cl2sih4+2sihcl2;
Fluid beds: sih4si+2h2 silane fluidized bed methods generate sihcl3, sihcl2, which then produces sih4 gas, based on sicl4(or sif4), h2, hcl and smelting silicon in high-temperature high-pressure fluidized beds (boiling beds).
A continuous thermal decomposition reaction is performed in the run-down bed reactor of small particles of silicon powder, producing granular multi-crystal silicon products. The improved Siemens method is ultimately reductively much more crystallized silicone in sihcl3: whereas the run-down bed method is sih4, which reacts to decomposition of silicon.
Figure 31: Third-generation improved Siemens process. Technical indicators for fbr silicane fluidized bed particle purity up to electronic grade standards. Newly released data from Pauline early in the year showed that its total metal content, carbon content, reached sticky silicon class standards; master and subject impurities were over-graded, close to level I.
Although the surface of the granular silicon silicon is silicon, the combination of hydrogen with the silicon key leads to higher hydrogen content, which can easily trigger jumpers, the coronary has reduced the hydrogen content to below 20 ppma through long-term research on core support materials such as inner urchin materials. The low-energy advantage of the silicon fluidization bed method is clear in cost terms.
Silicane Fluid Bed Method has a ready temperature of 550°C-70°C. Due to low-temperature continuous production, Silicane Fluid Bed Method has direct electricity consumption of only 10% of Siemens Method and a combined electricity consumption of only one-third of Siemens Method. According to the Paolícan announcement, its granular silicon combined electricity consumption does not exceed 20 kwh/kg. If silica Fluid Bed Method is used, it can be reduced by 130,000 tonnes of co2 in multi-crysilium crystals and more than 1gw crystals in the west.
In addition, granular silicon reduces the production costs of downstream customers by using silicon-like silicon when it needs to be broken, and the cost of breaking domestic silicon is US$ 1-3/kq/kg/ overseas. Since silicon does not need to be broken to be used directly, it saves downstream customers by nearly 10%.
The future development of granular silicon technology still needs to be observed. In the short term, it will depend mainly on the expansion of the Qu State base at the end of the Qu State base, which is 20,000 tons of silicon, and if the silicon output is expected to reach 60,000 tons at the beginning of next year, the silicon output will be only 7.3 per cent of total capacity.
In the long term, the fullness of the granular silicon will require market testing. The average price (excluding taxes) for sales of crystal silicon will be 120 yuan/kg, 105 yuan/kg, 90 yuan/kg, assuming that the technology of the company is improving.
Cost continues down, with multi-crystal silicon products having a Māori rate of 67.2 per cent, 66.3 per cent, 64.6 per cent, and by-products: the Māori rate remains unchanged on the assumption that the by-product harvest rate is essentially the same as that of high-purity polycrystal silicon, with a net profit of RMB 5.05 billion, RMB 6.28 billion, RMB 7.22 billion, an increase of 38.44 per cent, 24.3 per cent,
A comparison of the shares in Tonway, the shares in Lungi, the shares in Central Rings, and the listed companies in the new energy industry is 31 times higher than the company’s average pere in 2021. Given the company’s ability to compete, new production capacity continues to be released, but the price of silicon is nearly two, two, and the price of silicon falls sharply;
4. Production risks such as other sudden explosions; 5. Demand in the photovoltaic industry is not as high as expected.