The old silicon supplier.
Research assistant Wong Xiao, who is the main competitor in the silicon industry, has developed with great prospects. The company, which is an old silicon supplier, has been focusing since its inception on research and development, production and marketing of high-purity polysilica, and in 2020 it was sold worldwide.
Third, with a capacity of 77,000 tons/year in 2021 and a fund-raising capacity of more than 35,000 tons of silicon, we expect the company to have an effective capacity of 120,000 tons, with an output city rising to 16%, making a second jump to the world. From 2020, the company's revenues grew rapidly as a result of double sales of silicon.
In 2020, the compound rate of recovery reached 28.44%, and the company’s cost and cost control capabilities were excellent, the profits were growing rapidly, and the profitability of the silicon industry entered the first echelon. The price reduction cycle for silicon was set in motion, the oligopoly pattern of competition was stable, and hundreds of millions of tracks were wide.
Silicon prices rose rapidly to more than $200/kg due to supply constraints, and we measured a single ton of more than $100,000, which was a historicly high. When silicon prices stabilized in early July, we began to lower, and we expect silicon prices to continue down to around $180/kg in the second half of the year, with silicon expansion in 2022.
Fully produced, prices will drop to around $100/kg, and demand in the industry will be boosted significantly. According to the competition bureau, domestic and foreign high-cost backward production will gradually exit, concentration will increase rapidly, silicon industry will compete in a competitive pattern, and next prices will have a high-cost advantage, two or three lines.
The global carbon-emission policy is so intense that photovoltaics will become the main source of energy, silicon markets have so much room to grow, and we expect silicon to have a significant cost advantage in 2025 and 2030, and fund-raising will strengthen the dominant position.) Cost advantages are significant and fully beneficial.
Silicon material price rises: the company’s production capacity is laid in Xinjiang Shishiko, with electricity prices of only 0.24 yuan/degrees, and the scale effects of the expansion of capacity and the decline in consumption have caused the company’s production costs to continue to fall, with production costs of around $40,000/ton in 2021, below the industry average.
The price of silicon material will be greatly increased, with a profit elasticity of 197 per cent if silicon material increases + 100,000 yuan per ton. 2) Client resources are of high quality, and long orders are signed to guarantee subsequent delivery: by sales amount: and companies have long-term supply agreements with silicon tablets or integration poles to guarantee subsequent delivery. 3)
Product purity is high, with single crystals and n-types producing more than their leading counterparts: company product purity is high, with single crystals producing more than 99% in 2021. With the rapid development of the n-type technology, N-types with higher technical and quality requirements will be the follow-up industry development trend, with the company-n-type production.
In addition, the Division plans to cut into semiconductor silicon, expand the scope of operations, and optimize the main camp structure.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: silicon increased in 2021 due to tight supply prices and high corporate profits
In early 2022, we expected a second-largest market share of sales to take place globally. 1. The silicon industry’s main competitors, with a wide range of prospects for development of an old silicon supplier and a clear strategic plan.
The company was founded in 2011 as the Xinjiang All-New Energy Company Ltd., with a limited whole city in 2015. Since its inception, the company has focused on research and development, production and marketing of high-purity polysilica.
According to the Silicon branch, the domestic production of single crystal silicon in 2020 was 326,000 tons, or 82.4 per cent of the domestic production of multiple crystal silicon.
The company's development strategy can be summarized as a “three-step”: (1) initial stage (2011-2016): Xinjiang was established throughout 2011 around the new national energy strategy.
Drawing on sustained R & D inputs and technological innovations, combined with low-cost energy advantages and the advantages of the silicon industry base cluster, the focus began to be on research and development, production and marketing of high-purity polysilica. (2) The early stage of power (2017-2018): after the development of previous years, the company has developed its strength.
In February 2017, the company’s multi-crystal silicon phase IIa expansion project was successfully completed, raising its annual capacity to 18 million tons. The company gained a reputation in industry and received high-level honours, such as “China’s 50-strong electronics industry” and “China’s Association of Electronics Industry’s 10-Power semiconductor material industry” in 2018.
A long-term contract for the supply of high-pur silicon materials, with 396 million tons, has opened its doors in the market. (3) Rapid development phase (from 2018 to the present): the firm’s strong strength has gradually emerged, with an expansion of its fund-raising capacity in the first line of activity and a rapid increase in sales.
As of 30 June 2021, the company had 156 patents, of which 27 were domestic inventions. The company ' s equity structure is clear and stable.
The total share capital was 19.25 million shares, Xu Guangfu and Xu Shang and his son held 9.79 per cent and 8.45 per cent of the shares, respectively, and the father realized a net profit of 2,161 million yuan, an increase of 597.96 per cent over the same period. The large increase in income was mainly due to double sales of silicone, an increase of 322.34 per cent, mainly due to higher production capacity and stable multi-crystal silicon prices, and a build-up of the company ' s cost controls in 2020.
Figure 3: Rapid increases in corporate revenues in 2020 (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Rapid increases in corporate net profit returns in 2020 (billions)
Over-required, Māori rates and net interest rates have continued to decline, with a return to profitability as a result of silicon price increases in 2020, 33.6 per cent of corporate Māori in 2020 and 22.4 per cent of net interest rates, while the company is well managed and costs are well controlled, with a focus on high-purity polysilica in 2020 and an increase in the share of single crystal silicon tablets.
The company has focused on high-purity polysilica, and in recent years the share of income from single crystal silicon tablets has risen rapidly. The company’s main business income is mainly from sales of high-purity polysilica, which in 2020 was $4.63 billion, or 99.31% of the main business income.
The share of silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon) suction suction suction syre syrecs silicon syre silibs syms from a gradual increase in growth in 2021.
The company is a “national enterprise technology centre” and has a “national joint engineering experiment” for the development of photovoltaic silicon materials, as determined by the National Development Commission.
The cost of R & D in 2019-2020 was US$034 047 million, the cost of R & D increased by 40% in 2020, and the cost of R & D increased from year to year. Since its inception, the company has led/made standards for six major research projects, covering eight major R & D projects, 10 major R & D projects under way, and research and development projects under way in collaboration with universities.
Four. As at 30 June 2021, 156 patents had been granted, 27 inventions, 127 practical and new patents and 2 offshore patents. As at 30 June 2021, corporate developers of R & D had a higher rate of net asset return than comparable companies in the same industry.
Lower than Tungwee shares, mainly due to lower multi-crystal silicon prices, a sharp decrease in the Māori rate, which reduces the company’s return. As demand continues to grow downstream in the photovoltaic sector, the multi-crysilica price has risen rapidly since the second half of 2020 and is maintained at a higher level, adding up to the company’s technological advances, significant declines, increasing profitability, and net asset yields are at the top of the industry.
Global carbon emissions are still rising, with two sectors accounting for 66 per cent of global carbon emissions by 2020, the main carbon-reducing position, with the electricity sector accounting for the largest carbon emissions.
The decomposition cost of solar photovoltaic power has declined rapidly from $0.37 million/kwh in 2010 to $0.048/kwh in 2020, a decline of up to 87%, the fastest-growing energy source in all renewable energy types, and the cheapest form of energy in most countries and regions around the world. Thus, the goal of reducing emissions in the electricity sector depends on cost-effective photovoltaic wind.
According to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), there are more than 180 countries with renewable energy policies, and many countries have set targets for renewable energy generation over the next 30 years. Global carbon-emissions policies are heavily settled, leading to global “carbon neutrality” and unstoppable renewable energy growth.
(1) China: We plan to reach a peak by 2030, achieve carbon neutrality by 206, and raise carbon emission reductions to a national strategic level, as one of the 1455 priority plans. In March 2021, the General Directorate of the National Energy Agency issued an advisory draft on matters related to the construction of wind power and photovoltaic power generation in 2021.
Target: In April 2021, the State issued a 2021 energy work guide, indicating that at the end of 2021, non-fossil energy generation had accumulated 1.1 billion kw installed and that wind photovoltaic power accounted for 11 per cent of the total energy use in society, compared to +1.3 pct. Root, according to the share of non-fosssil energy in primary energy consumption in 2030, we expect our non-fosssil energy to be 25 per cent in 2025.
Source consumption was around 20 per cent, while the increase in photovoltaic and wind power generation was 57 per cent: 43 per cent, the number of hours per year was 1200h, the average number of hours per year was 2100h for wind power, and the median figure was 79gw in 14 countries, and the average number of photovoltaic and wind power per year was 111gw.
The target for fossil energy consumption is 40 per cent, and we assume a compound increase in primary energy consumption of 0 per cent between 2020 and 2030, 1 per cent for hydropower, 1 per cent for wind-free renewables and 6 per cent for wind-based power generation; the increase in photovoltaic and wind-based power generation is 65 per cent: 35 per cent, the number of hours per photovoltaic year is 1300h, and the number of hours per wind-based year is 2100h.
The new US President Biden’s clean energy initiative: $2 trillion in 2021-2024 to counter climate change. The US returned to Paris in February 2021 and plans to reach the electricity industry by 2035.
Without carbon pollution, 100% of the green economy, zero carbon emissions by 2050 will benefit the new energy industry. The United States is committed to reducing emissions by 50-52% by 2030 compared to 2005. In April 2021, US President Biden promised to drive the greenhouse energy supply revolution by 2030, with photovoltaics becoming the main energy source.
We need to rely on cost-effective photovoltaic power. Photovoltaics are the most cost-reducing form of renewable energy. Moreover, excellent resource endowments and rapidly falling costs bring about global parities, creating a huge increment of industrial space that is expected to grow into the main power source of energy. We expect new photovoltaics to be around 400gw in 2025, and additional photovoltaics to be 1038gw in 2030.
The silicon-based 100 billion-class track, stable oligarchic pattern 3.1. The multi-crystal silicon industry continues to grow, the national production replacement accelerates the rapid growth of China's multi-crystal silicon capacity, and the multi-crystal silicon industry moves to China.
In 2020, China ' s multi-crystal silicon capacity increased by 420,000 tons, yielding 396,000 tons, an increase of 15.79% over the same period. In 2008-2020, China ' s multi-crystal silicon production as a share of the global economy as a whole continued to grow. In 2020, China ' s multi-crystal silic production as a share of the global economy reached 75.43 pct, an increase of 8.11 pct from 2019.
The multi-crystal silicon industry has moved further to China. Figure 17: China ' s multi-crystal silicon production as a percentage of growth is faster than growth 3.2. Silicon investment is large, expansion cycles are long, production is weak and marginal production is price-fixed
The silicon chain is in essence a heavy chemical chain, a large silicon chain investment, a long extension cycle, and a difficult shutdown, causing the industry to oversupply the price to be stuck on the marginal output cost line. The volatility of supply and demand in the industry between 2017 and 2020 led to the closure of most silicon plants and few new production capacity in the industry.
When demand suddenly rises, the build-up of production capacity climbs in the short term due to the large investment in silicon chain monolithics and the long extension cycle. 3.3. Industry concentration rises and competition patterns develop.
By the beginning of 2021, leaders in the Tungwei, All Power, Paulie, New Energy, Hope East, etc. had announced plans to expand their production, most of which could be more than 200,000 tons in the second half of 2021, corresponding to an effective supply of more than 250 gw, sufficient production of silicon, and a continuing rate of domestic production of silicon.
The concentration of the silicon industry has increased and a five-field competition pattern has been established. According to cpia, in 2018, the global silicon industry produced only 42.3% of cr5, as the price of silicon fell, and as domestic and foreign high-cost backward production capacity gradually exits, the concentration is fast enough to reach 67.4%, the core concentration has risen again, and the five-hull competition patterns have been further strengthened.
By 20%; according to cpia, the global energy-wide energy-producing city accounted for 14.7% in 2020, third in the world, and we expect to reach 16% by the end of 2021, surpassing the bailout and leaping to the second highest in the world. 3.4. Silicon silicon prices surged in h1 in 2021, and we expect to begin to fall rationally in the second half of the year.
The price cycle for silicon material is clear, with prices rising rapidly in the second half of 2020. Historically, the price wave for silicon material has been relatively high, mainly due to supply and demand mismatches resulting from the longer construction period for silicon capacity. Silicon prices have been falling steadily since 18q4, mainly because China’s new low-cost production capacity has begun to release, its supply has increased effectively, and its capacity-cost curves have increased to the right.
But 20q3 began with a tight supply of silicon, a good build-up of demand, and a rapid rise in prices, from about $60/kg at the bottom to about $200/kg, up by 233%. The price of silicon single tons at high prices peaked in history. In June 2021, the price of multi-crystal silicon peaked.
Production costs consist mainly of electricity consumption, silicon powder and depreciation. The combined electricity consumption is approximately $15.66/kg-si, or 38.5 per cent, while silicon consumption is about $14.47/kg-si, or 35.6 per cent, depreciation is 13.9 per cent, labour costs are 5.7 per cent and other costs 6.4 per cent, based on the price of silicon 200/kg, which is 78 per cent and net gain of $10.7 million per ton.
The price of silicon is expected to begin to cool down in the second half of 2021 when the price of silicon is stable at the beginning of July. After six months of large increases and three weeks of high-speed discs, the price of silicon is revised downwards, mainly because of the latest policy that allows for the extension of the bid, the upward transfer of low start-up rates at the end of the component, and a 7.55 per cent reduction in the price of the battery ring in mid-July.
The particle silicon is used mainly as a blend, and it is difficult to influence the pattern of the industry. The particle silicon is less invested in single tons, and the costs are even lower: 1) Production energy consumption is significantly reduced: energy consumption is 20 degrees (the industry ' s Siemens is 60 degrees), and single tons.
Cost savings of $0.09 million, in line with the policy trend of energy-saving reduction; 2) investment per unit drop: 700 million yuan per ton of investment (Simon method: 1 billion yuan) and 150,000 yen per ton of depreciation cost savings. But the problems of particulate silicon dust, high hydrogen content, and no-law continuous production have not yet been fully addressed, and a high proportion of waste has resulted in significant additional costs.
Silicon particles are commonly used as a blend, with a blending ratio of less than 30%, and the short-term output of silicon particles is relatively low, making it difficult to form a scale at the industry level and does not have a significant impact on industry patterns. The demand for single crystal silicon silicon siliconsates is increasing, and the n-type is a follow-on industry trend. The single crystal trend is clear, according to cpia.
The market share of domestic polycrystal silicons declined from 32.5% in 2019 to 9.3% in 2020, and will show a gradual downward trend in the future, but will maintain some demand in the segmented market. In 2020, the domestic market for monocrysil silicons (p-+n) accounted for about 90.2% of the demand for material, and the market for monocrystal silicons will continue to grow as the demand for monocrystals increases downstream.
And with the rapid development of battery technology such as Topcon and hjt, we expect that the domestic demand for silicon will continue to rise to nearly 50 percent by 2030, and that the n silicon will need to use the n material, which we believe to be a follow-up industry trend.
3.6. Silicon is a multi-billion-grade track, silicon market space is huge, light voltage is in demand, and silicon market space is huge. Given the global acceleration of carbon neutrality and process, the demand for light voltage multipliers continues to grow at a high rate, assuming that light voltage can be used for 1300 hours a year, and light voltage is used for global electricity.
374gw, 1017gw, assuming a gradual reduction in the consumption of single-watt silicon as a result of technological advances, the corresponding sales of silicon in 2021, 2025 and 2030 would amount to 520,000 tons, 1.15 million tons and 2.95 million tons, assuming that subsequent silicon expansion would be sufficient and prices would gradually decline, 4. Cost advantages were significant, and fund-raising would consolidate the dragon position.
4.1. The low-cost advantages of low electricity prices are evident in the low-priced areas of a company’s capacity, where production costs are below industry averages.
The main reason for this is that the company’s production capacity is located in Xinjiang Shishiko, and that it benefited from the local government’s concessionary price of electricity at the start of the plant. The cost of electricity is clear, at a cost of only 0.24 yuan/degree, resulting in lower production costs. In all regions of the country, most silicon companies do large scale-scale production-capability layouts in the Xinjiang, Inner Mon, etc.
There are fewer enterprises with a discounted electricity price of 0.24 yuan/degree. In retrospect, Xinjiang will no longer or less accept new silicon production capacity due to energy consumption, environmental evaluation, etc., so that the company’s low-price advantage is sustainable and the single-scale effect of non-repeatability by other companies and the decline in consumption results in a constant decline in production costs.
In 2020, the unit cost of the company fell to $41.38 per kilogram, a 31 per cent reduction in three years. On the one hand, the scale-down effect of the expansion of capacity was evident, productivity efficiency and good rates were increasing, and on the other hand, the technology of silicon production was well understood by the company, leading to a gradual reduction in the consumption of the refined materials, and between 2017 and 2020, the price of silicon powder and the total cost of electricity consumption were reduced.
There is also a downward trend in the cost of depreciation per unit of the company, which will be further demonstrated by the scale effect of large-scale production in 17 years at a cost of 11.99 yuan/kg. There is scope for further reductions in the cost of production.
Figure 30: Depreciation costs, price of silicon powder, cost of electricity consumption, constant decline 4.2. Benefiting from higher prices of silicon, high profitability elasticity. From 2020, the company ' s Māori ratio recovered.
The corresponding decline in the Māori rate and the recovery in the company ' s Māori rate in 2020 was due mainly to the impact of the company ' s post-natal expansion and the fall in the price of silicon powder in the second half of 2019, which resulted in a decrease in unit costs and a slight increase in the price of sales, resulting in an improvement in the Māori rate. In 2020, the company Māori ratio was higher in the industry, 34.7 per cent in the Tonway stock ratio and Māori in the company ' s Māori ratio.
33.63% above the industry average. Given the wide gap between the prices of single- and multi-crystal materials and the fact that the price of a company ' s individual product is more influenced by the product structure, there are certain differences in the price of a company ' s product.The cost side is relatively fixed, higher prices lead to high profitability elasticities, and companies benefit significantly from higher prices of silicon material.
In 2021, the production and production costs of the multi-crystal silicon main camp were the industry’s first-tier, with production costs remaining relatively stable and decreasing, and the profitability of silicon was more affected by price fluctuations. In 2020, silicon costs were controlled at $41,000, 10,000 ton, with profits elasticizing at 82% if silicon increased by 30,000 ton, and companies benefited from a substantial increase in the price of silicon.
The company produces tens of silicons and accumulates a large number of well-known customers with high quality products and reputations. The company shares with Lungi, crystallized energy, onboard control, crystals and technology.
The company has long-term supply agreements with silicon companies such as Lungi shares, crystal energy sources, on-board control, cosmopolitan light energy, China Ring shares, and solar energy. In sales, 2019 silicons are in high demand and locked up until 2024. The company has long-term supply agreements with silicon companies such as Lungi shares, crystal energy, on-board data control, cosmopolitan light, crystals technology, etc.
By the end of 2022, 113,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon orders had been completed, 30-376,000 tons with Sky, 3.24-432 million tons with Crystal Australia, and 5.27 million tons of multi-crystal silicon orders had been signed with onboard control, respectively, by the end of 2023.
The demand for sales determines the rate of subsequent expansion of production capacity, with a clear price to be negotiated on a monthly basis, allowing companies to obtain a 4.4.n-type penetration increase when silicon is scarce, and the company is expected to maintain a lead in battery technology changes or to trigger an acceleration in the N-type penetration rate.
On a silicon-type basis, the future N-type penetration rate will be gradually increased with greater certainty, with the N-type gradually replacing the P-type or with a new round of dividends at the end of the silicon material, and silicon producers that stabilize and supply a high proportion of the N-type material will reap excess gains. The difference between single crystal, multi-crystal, and n-type material is in purity.
Silicon crystals, with a purity of 99.9999% (6n). Depending on the production of silicon downstream, multiple silicone is divided into single crystals, silicon material and multi-crystal silicon material, which is used for single-crystal silicon pulls and produces single-crysil silicon silicon;
The main impurity (v element) is primarily N-type polycrystal silicon, and p-type polycrystal silicon when silicon is mainly mixed with the main impurity (iii element). Single crystal silicone, N-type batteries have higher demands on the purity of silicone, which, in terms of technical indicators, is between the general p-type polycrysilium and the electron-level polycrysilium.
Figure 35: The demand for pure silicon material is higher for the n-type, with a higher purity of the company ' s products, with production of single crystals in 2021 as compared to 99 per cent and production of non-materials as compared to 30-40 per cent. Since 2017, production of single crystal silicon tablets with higher purity in the company ' s products has increased over the years.
Company production of single crystalline silicone is around 95%, up to 99% in 2021, and is advanced at the domestic level. Based on deep technological accumulations, the product purity is high, with production of 2021 n material reaching 30-40%, and is expected to continue ahead of the n-type demand test.
4.5 The company maintains a two-per-cent production rate and a high production rate of more than 100 per cent. In 2021, the company ' s multi-crysilica capacity, which is in the first line of the industry, continued to exceed 100 per cent.
The company is now publicly raising $3.5 billion for the 3.5 billion polysilicon project, which will increase its effective capacity from 77,000 tons in 2021 to 120,000 tons in 2021, which will further expand the company.
In addition, $420 million for a 1,000-ton high-purity semiconductor project is an industrial application of semi-conductor-level multi-crystal silicon technology for company reserves, with a more stable level of Maori for semi-conductor silicon materials, conducive to smooth and smooth fluctuations in income from silicon and further optimization of the company’s main structure.
Table 7: Corporate fund-raising uses Silicon materials increased in 2021 due to tight supply prices, company profits were high, company new capacity was released in early 2022, shares in Convergence, bailout, new energy sources and their main business include multi-crystal silicon, which is the front line of the industry.
1) The policy of photovoltaics is changing over time. The company’s business development has been influenced more by the policy of the photovoltaic industry. At this stage, the Ministry’s sub-regions have achieved or moved closer to parity in accessing the Internet, but the restructuring of the government’s industrial support policy continues to have a significant impact on the photovoltaic industry.
2) Risks of rising or unsustainable preferential electricity prices: companies enjoy a better price than the local government’s general policy of procuring capital, which has had a greater impact on the net profits of the issuer during the reporting period. Moreover, the agreement between the company and the Tian Fu Energy Agency (TAE) has agreed that the preferential price that began to be implemented from December 2019, when the capacity reached 70,000 tons, will be implemented 10 years later.
A percentage. The photovoltaic policy is over-expected, preferential electricity prices may not be sustainable, etc. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.