Hangzhou Bank's semi-annual performance review for 2025 August 28, 2025 Hangzhou Bank (stock code: 600926).
The increase in the growth rate was mainly due to a steady increase in the size of the company; in addition, the company provided a strong security cushion and sustained growth in anti-bullying profits.
The cost of the liability was optimized and there was a steady increase in public credit: 2025h1, net corporate interest income was +9.38 per cent, 1st Lat. The decrease was smaller than at the beginning of the year - 6bp, and the cost of the principal beneficiary debt was optimized.
The size of the corporate asset and liability has increased steadily. At the end of the asset, the loan was higher than at the beginning of the year by 7.67%, it was more robust for the public, retail, research assistant Yuan Shijun, who had a positive impact on consumption, operating loans, and mortgages, which grew steadily from the beginning of the year by 4.06%. At the end of the liability, the deposits were higher than at the beginning of the year.
By the end of June, the size of the property was over $500 billion, or +17% at the beginning of the year. Other assets of the company were of excellent quality, swapped to solid capital: at the end of June, the rate of bad corporate lending was 0.76%, the ring was flat, the interest group loan was 0.51%, the ring was 3.bp, and the asset quality remained excellent.
On the other hand, q2 billion dollars in debt swaps were transferred at a conversion rate of 99.96%, capital stock, equity, equity, and +81.46%, respectively.
+19.71%, to strengthen corporate growth base and risk resilience. Investment advice: companies based in Hangzhou, deep-deep in the river, actively expanding to the long triangle, with significant regional advantages.
Extreme. Asset quality is excellent, risk offsets are sufficient. Debt swaps are completed, equity is further consolidated, corporate expansion is enhanced, and risk resilience is enhanced. The mid-2025 bonus will continue. Combined with company fundamentals and figure 1: Hangzhou bank revenue, net profit and speed of increase.
Figure 2: Hangzhou Bank Roe Figure 3: Hangzhou Bank ' s net interest income and rate of increase Figure 4: Hangzhou Bank ' s net interest differential and negative return/cost rate
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of Hangzhou bank loans Figure 6: Size and acceleration of Hangzhou bank loans to public and retail loans Figure 7: Hangzhou bank lending structure
Figure 8. Hangzhou Bank ' s retail loans increased on a year-on-year basis Figure 9: Hangzhou Bank deposits size and acceleration Figure 10: Hangzhou Bank deposit structure
Figure 11: Hangzhou Bank ' s non-interest, intermediate operating income and speed of increase Figure 12: Hangzhou Bank ' s other non-interest income, return on investment and speed of increase
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.