The 13th Five-Year Plan is bright and looks forward to high-quality new developments - a review of the present world's 2021 Development Congress.
\triangleright, from the point of view of corporate development, doubled the size of the company's revenues, profits tax and assets during the period of the 13th Five.
Over the course of the 13th Five-Year Review, corporate governance has improved significantly, business life has been strengthened, product quality has increased, market recognition has increased, and the world has seen excellent responses.
This unit is starting a new chapter in the "14th Five" as compared to the 300th.
On the basis of the findings of the career upgrading opportunities period, the division window period and the critical period of business development, the Chairman of Zhou Su Minh stressed that the present world is the first place to be set up during the “14th Five-Year” period, with the goal of “development of high quality, wine is new” and a billion dollars worth of money. Looking forward to the 14th Five-Year, under the dual branding matrix of national and present-day ties, the nation v is the leading player in the future.
K is a balance of costs for development, and the world is now marked by branding; marketing campaigns are synchronized with marketing changes, and human security and technology development are development guarantees, and the red foundation is guided by the fact that work is done in an orderly manner. In 2021, the four battles are about to be fought to strengthen the foundations of the company.v The firm is fighting hard and is looking at the trends of partialization within the industry over the long term.
Leading the gold track, V9/v6/v3 was identified as a strategic image/strategic reserve/tactical release product, purchased by the Power Group in 2021, laying the foundation for the "10 Billion Project " ; k was a high-profile battle and was now well under way at the sub-high end,k was a major national sales product, and a series of initiatives were under way to upgrade product lines, enhance quota management and price-control benefits.
In the middle of the line: the museum activates the battle, focuses on d20, nurtures d30, and strengthens the celebration of the main market; and the out-of-town breakthrough, which aims to achieve both an effective product strategy and a market adapted to the local context. The company is based on Jiangsu's vision of the whole country, developing a regional strategy for “the nation as a whole, the main Chinese battlefield, the key long triangles” and accelerating the process of nationalization.
The average of 54 times the year ' s average (wind unanimously predicted, an averaging method of counting) maintains a “recommended” rating. Epidemics or economic downturns drag demand, intra-provincial competition increases, out-of-country expansion falls short of expectations, food safety issues, etc.
Q3 performance performance and future developments Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Ho Woo-Sin, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Johns Hopkins University, Master of Financial Sciences. Joined the Institute of Popular Securities in 2020, covering mainly white wine and beer. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,