The 14th goal doubled and four major marketing campaigns were launched Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) on 29 December, the company held an annual marketing congress in Nanjing, where management introduced 14th goal and marketing practices.
Thirteen-five indicators are highly innovative. At the distributors' conference, the Chairman of the weekly board said that the company had achieved almost 12 months of maximum/minimum (millimeter) annual growth of $5.4 billion by 2020, and that the "brand plus channel" was a double-driven marketing system.
The market’s high-quality development is beginning to take shape. The number of companies with more than a classa (the price of the plant exceeds $100 per bottle) rose from 241 in 2015 to 535 in 2020, with a gradual shift from volume to quality; at the end of the 13th century, it formed a 1,000-person sales team, half of which served the out-of-provincial market.
The company’s prices are at the bottom of the 300 billion mark, which is a doubling of the price by 2020, and the market is at the top of the white wine industry. At the meeting, it was made clear that in the white wine industry, prices and grades are the only thing to know, and prices determine location and status.
This product structure is an inevitable route, with four major marketing campaigns launched in 2021: 1)v being fought: Tung, V Series, involved in head-to-head competition for consumption upgrading, responding to consumer debris demand through precision and diversification of channels represented by specialty stores, group purchasing, and the company ' s 10 billion-scale goal, the top end of the overall layout of the province.
For tactically high-volume products; 2) k is a battle for upgrading: four pairs as the national core, and the price-plate system is an important factor in determining the life cycle of the product. From 2021, the company will implement quota management to achieve terminal price stability, promote progress in controlling the effectiveness of price gains and guarantee the task of achieving full price increases at the market level; 3) the battle for the activation of the world ' s own brand:
With increased competition at the mid- and high-levels, the corporate collection activated the war, perfecting the marketing strategy of “Build the market base, Make the page of the page, Make the day-to-day consumption” and leading to a re-enhancement of the brand image of the world; 4) the out-of-provincial breakout: sustained construction in the provinces, and the creation of a focused market through factory-led layouts, with a view to accelerating national evolution
In 2021, the company will upgrade the fourth and strengthen the market position of the nation. On the one hand, by fine-tuning the packaging of products, it will incorporate quality, culture, environmental protection, and protection against forgery.
The idea of an information interface to boost new product power, on the one hand, and the introduction of quota management to tighten prices, and to focus on the synergy between fast growth and two core items, 200807 v9. Sub-high fours will continue to be the company’s core increase over the next two years.
" Hua An Securities Research Company " (603369): second quarter increase, while marginal k is still at the stage of product life cycle growth, v is expected to take over the next phase of consumption upgrading.
Continue to build on the advantages of the Mission, the still-large south-south space in the regional province, the critical period outside the province, the 14th and 14th Sectors of the Central Su region, which are not performing as expected, and 3) the progress of the out-of-provincial expansion, using legally compliant information and producing the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report are publicly available information from the market, and I write these letters.
The information and comments in the report are for information only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, accepted directly or indirectly for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.