The company's strategy is clear, it keeps looking at future growth, and we've been looking at the world's future, and we've been talking to management about the company's recent business.
Continuous nationalization has been at the heart of growth, with a clear forward-looking strategy 20o3 performance, mainly in the v series, twilight and symbiosis of the national system, increasing at a rate of two digits, with the equivalent of 37.60 per cent for the 20q3 quarter for the end-of-statement category of a plus product, representing an increase of 8.16 ppts to 67.94 per cent in the same revenue ratio.
The company has a clear strategic plan for its products, and the old k is close to 70% of the brand of national origin, of which the opposite is a national product, and the company expects to raise prices by the end of the year to make it the first single item of $450-500. The new k takes on the role of complementing the old k system in terms of consumption scenes and price bands.v
In v9, it is intended to: 1) the future opportunities for partialization of the high-end sauce in the layout, with a breakthrough using the Qingja sauce fragrance of v9; 2) the price of $2299 is set to take over the 2,000-dollar blank price belt and competes with Bao-Fu. Channel policy is firmly implemented.
In terms of channel development, companies recognize that transparency in product prices will be inevitable when products enter maturity in the long term, and that reduced profit from the channels will weaken incentives. Companies, drawing on lessons from industry development, are now applying a strict quota system to the dominant products, putting control-distribution policies in place, and facilitating price-plate maintenance and future price increases.
In terms of market expansion, the company plans to gradually implement a regional, channel-wide layout in the province, while outside the province, drawing lessons from previous imports of brands of the world, but caught in the grip of high prices of real-estate alcohol, is now using the foreign product as an entry point, seeking partial breakthroughs, high branding in areas where it is more expensive, and creating the national identity as the company ' s first brand.
The market is expected to be about $40 billion, the average consumer capacity is ahead of the country.
In 2004, the company launched its “state” brand, which, after many years of cultivation, now enjoys a place at the lower end of prices, both within and outside the province. As consumption rises, it is expected that the company’s growth will be accelerated.
Consumption rises, national brands are expected to continue to grow, while the internal forward-looking layout captures the future. The value of the white plate is 48 times greater than in 2020 (wind’s unanimous expectation, an averaging of numbers), maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. The third quarter of 2020, 603369: q3 performance is bright, future development is good, 2.20o2 rings are better, and year-round targets are better.
Ho Woo-Sin, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Johns Hopkins University, Master of Financial Sciences. Joined the Institute of Popular Securities in 2020, covering mainly white wine and beer. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,