The petrochemicals team, the stock sales, the 3D attack, the power of the concession to pay mining rights, is still strong, reflecting the scarcity of wealth.
1. " China PIC Review: Strong Performance Shows High Values! " , " Strong increase in finished oil sales: The market for finished oils continued to flourish in 2023. " China PIC Review: The demand for chemicals remains strong! " ,
The annual retail sales of finished oil amount to 120 million tons, an increase of 12.36 per cent over the previous year, and remain at a relatively high level. Benefiting from the ongoing repair of diesel fuel price differentials, the company's marketing and distribution operations are profitable.
At the same time, the corporate chemical plates are in a state of grinding, promising to return to heat, and the main reason is that the demand for chemical products continues to be high, especially for hydrocarbons.
The increase is relatively limited, with the sustained recovery in global mobility and a gradual recovery in demand for crude oil consumption, and oil prices are expected to sustain their moderate-high-rises. In 2023, the company’s exploration and development capital was identified as a 2.03 billion barrels of crude oil, an increase of 2.09 per cent over the same period; natural gas was detected.
Production growth has laid a solid foundation, with corporate crude oil production reaching 281 million barrels in 2023, the same level as crude oil production in 2022; natural gas production reaching 134 trillion cubic feet, the same level of increase; extra-tax tax revenues amounting to $272.9 billion, an increase of $8.9 billion over 2022.
The company’s cash share in 2023 was $4,175 million, and the company’s share share of the company’s shares.
We believe that, while crude oil prices remain at a sound centre, corporate profitability is more certain than the net operating cash flow per share, roe (belonging to the parent company) (sharebook)
(1) Geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market; (2) liberalization of the price of the finished oil; (3) terminal demand risk: (4) offshore business risk: (5) accident wind hazard: (6) exchange rate risk.
1. China ' s petrochemicals published its company ' s annual report for 2023 on 24 March 2024, and maintained a strong position under operating income for the entire year 2023, reflecting the scarcity of capital assets.
The Scheme for the Collection of Proceeds from Concessions of Mining Rights, which was implemented on 1 May 2023, clearly states that “the annual collection of mining rights; the yield of concessions = the annual revenues from mineral sales — the yield of mining rights; and the provisional scheme for the administration of yield from concessions of mining rights, which was implemented on 1 July 2023, states in its article X that “the yield of concessions from mining rights can be explored”.
But the method of collection is not clear. We measure the yield of China from petrochemicals in 2017H2-2023 at around 8.13 billion yuan, of which the tax is $272.9 billion, an increase of about $8.9 billion over the same year in 2022, including $7.4 billion in mining concessions.
The sale of finished oil (refining and marketing and distribution) was the largest part of the company’s business, with a combined contribution of 74.54 per cent in 2023, and China’s market for finished oil continued to record high levels of consumption in 2023.
The apparent consumption of kerosene increased by 149 million tonnes/204 million/034 million tonnes, respectively, and the price differential for finished oil cracks continued to be repaired, while the average price difference for diesel fuel/ gasoline/air kerosene cracks increased by 2.53 per cent/81.7 per cent/0.6 per cent in the same year for the entire year 2023.
The average price difference between oil/petroleum/air kerosene fission was $841/$885/3219/t, a decrease of 39.97 per cent per year (2023) and the continued strong market for finished oil sales, with companies retailing 120 million tons of finished oil throughout the year, an increase of 12.36 per cent over the same year.
The wholesale price differential for finished oil exports has been repaired, sustained by the demand for overseas trips in 2023, the prices of finished oils have been maintained at a high level, the export prices of finished oils have been reversed at a time when the price difference between domestic wholesale prices is 2023 q1 and q3 and there is a relative gain from overseas refining and exit, there is an increase in the volatility of the price gap for finished oils, and companies have a foreign condom through finished oils.
The company ' s chemical plates are in a state of grinding and are expected to warm back, mainly because of the continuing pressure on the chemical market demand, especially for the hydrocarbon products, which are still in the early stages of recovery.
Figure 20: Increased sales of basic organic chemicals by 4.75 per cent in 23 years
Figure 21: 23-year price reductions of 730 million yuan for basic organic chemicals, to be fully invested in the Tianjin lng project, the Mau name oil conversion upgrade and the ethylene lifting project. Companies raise funds to invest in clean energy, high-value-added materials, and help to restructure their products, extend to high-end products, and move to clean energy.
The source transformation has escalated and is expected to achieve future performance elasticity.2 The extraction of mining rights allows for a two-fold increase in yield without restocking. Global crude oil supply and demand will be kept in a tight balance in 2024, with a limited increase in marginal supply in key oil-producing countries.
The voluntary reduction of 10,000 barrels per day continued until the end of 2024 and 2.2 million barrels per day in the first half of 2024, while the increase in the marginal supply of crude oil in 2024 was more limited by Opc+. US shale oil was significantly less active than expected since the beginning of 2023, and the number of active oil rigs in the United States has been active since 2022.
Recovering to a high stage (627) in December, the number of active United States oil drilling rigs was only about 510 as of March 15, 2024, while the number of additional United States shale oil-producing areas permian wells and the number of completed wells declined to some extent.
The relative decline in the number of wells is even more pronounced, with the number of wells moving to reservoirs slowing down and the overall drop in mining intensity, but it may indicate that there may be production bottlenecks or insufficient willingness at the end stage in the United States. Moreover, oil prices are maintained at medium-high levels, but single-well production is declining and shales are falling; rock oil is being mined again; and United States crude oil production is increasing marginally or less.
Figure 31: United States crude oil exports (millions of barrels per day) in recent years, global crude oil and condensed oil consumption peaked at about 85 million barrels per day in 2019, accompanied by a sustained recovery in global mobility and a gradual recovery in demand for crude oil consumption, with global crude oil and condensed oil consumption as of February 2024
At 8.32 million barrels per day, an increase of 1.80 per cent in the same year, oil prices are expected to maintain a medium-high shock; at the same time, the company responded positively to the call by the State to increase production in reserves and to increase its oil and gas exploration and development efforts, with the company spending 78.6 billion yuan in 2023 on exploration capital development, a decrease of 5.64 per cent in the same year, maintaining a high level.
A trillion cubic feet, an increase of 5.73 per cent over the same year, and a strong corporate oil and gas reserves that provide a solid basis for output growth.3 The stockholders have sustained high dividends, strong returns on investment, and companies have maintained high dividends and strong returns on investment.
Figure 39: Corporate a share rate continues to be maintained at a high level 1) geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: geopolitical events such as the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, or uncertainty at the supply end, disrupting the global crude oil market;
2) Risk of liberalization of the price of finished oils: If the price of finished oil is liberalized and converted to market pricing, there will be a risk of frequent fluctuations in the price of gasoline and diesel fuel, increased competition in the market, China petrochemicals and China’s monopoly position on the sale of finished oils 3), risk of low end demand: the company’s operating income comes mainly from the sale of products such as finished oils and natural gas.
There are international geopolitical changes, exclusionary nature of regional trading blocs, and trade and trade issues.
(5) Accident risk: there is a large number of flammable, flammable, toxic, hazardous and polluting chemicals at various stages of company refining, processing and transportation, and there is a risk of accidents that pose a threat to human security and entail significant economic losses; 6) exchange rate risk: global crude oil prices are predominantly United States dollar-denominated and companies have some assets in overseas markets, but public
Divisional financial statements are usually expressed in the renminbi if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there is a transfer of money to the company ' s performance