In the reporting period, the company achieved a business income of $76,524 million, the same company being the largest securities firm in the country.
The scope is as follows: securities brokering; portfolio investment advice; financial advisers related to securities trading and portfolio investment activities; securities. The company ' s performance has grown significantly ahead of the industry, and the combined advantages have continued to grow, with a higher profile.
Insurance and insurance; self-employment of securities; asset management of securities; high performance and market relevance of the securities industry and continued improvement of core market indicators to provide companies with bonds; portfolio fund swaps; and long-term delivery of securities
For middle-level business presentations. Sino-Portal securities maintain or gain a leading position in a number of business areas. Firms grow by 21% closely around services, while corporate collections and net profits increase by 41% and 55%, respectively, and are significantly ahead.
At the heart of the economy, further improvements are made in financing arrangements. The share of corporate revenue and net profits in the industry has reached 15%, with “unique owners, wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers,”
In the short term, the industry’s leading position will be difficult to shake. Building on the continued expansion of corporate mergers and acquisitions, the market’s top five players, key investors and risk managers, will continue to reshape and consolidate core competitiveness.
The shareholders, along with the Sino-Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, the Quaker Life Insurance, together with the company's shareholdings, the collection of funds and the prospect that the company's overall assets and net asset advantages will form an integrated business model of the CBMs.
Further expansion. In addition, benefiting from the continued advancement of full registration, the transformation of wealth management and asset management, and working with the Sino-International Financial Holdings (CIIFs) to provide access to clients, business reforms have deepened, overseas markets have been expanded in depth, companies have fully developed their entire business chain, and businesses have become more involved.
Business incomes and net profits are growing at a high rate, and in the next three to six months, major events will be highlighted: "The East Wind" in the lending system, and the company will go a long way.
In 2021, the public reorganization of 95.9 billion (25 per cent of market share) was the top industry, with a growing edge from “three” to “three”.
In the wake of the reform of the registration system, direct investment has benefited from a shorter cycle of “rewinding up” the entire process, allowing for greater development opportunities for equity investments in affiliates and SCI funds, and building on the long-standing positive presence along the road through overseas platforms such as Sino-Sinse International.
The Fund invests in well blow-out development to accelerate the pace of corporate wealth management. The company has a wealth management system dominated by the wealth management industry and the summer fund, as well as a credit equity, medium-term futures management, and gold.
Investing in asset management systems and contributing to the overall development of large-scale wealth management operations through efficient synergies have led to a sustained increase in the size of individual and institutional clients’ assets. Large wealth management income amounts to 40%, trillions of wealth, and is comparable to share-holding banks.
It also allows for a greater degree of hedge against market risk and increases the rate of return while reducing net volatility, and thus raises the perception of wealth management clients of corporate management and brand ownership. In addition, high-quality product lines are effective in helping companies to use their own funds more efficiently and have the ability to leverage their operations, thereby increasing their leverage.
Investment proposal: The current homogenization of the securities sector is still strong and, in the context of the continuing increase in the Matthews effect, the long line of moats is expected to persist and widen, and the pooling of resources becomes more visible and has opportunities.
A higher valuation premium is obtained. Not only is the industry’s absolute leader, the Sino-Trust security, not only is the business not so short, s1480190501, but the integrated power industry is prominent, but the business structure is characterized and heterogeneous, resistant to cyclical properties.
In terms of profitability, the company has reached 12 per cent, and on a low-water level of leverage, it's close to overseas head-level investment, and the certainty of profitability and performance growth is a step forward in improving profitability and overall competitiveness, and we are firmly committed to the long-term development and construction of the company.
Sino-Sin securities (600030) "Silenceless" has the advantage of highlighting the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East, Liu Jiayuan.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Sino-Soldier securities (600030) have a strong edge.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.