The Sino-Sinji Sanctuary (6000030.sh) is a powerful instrument, with high performance and continuous improvement in the quality of assets.
29 March 2022 A balanced development of business is taking place.
The transformation of wealth management has been successful. The company has built a wealth management system in the whole industry chain that meets the needs of its clients for diversified and personalized services, relying on its institutional clients to form a market value of its liquidity share for ultra-high net-value customers (billions):
The Fund has invested more than 90,000 clients with a net asset return rate (%):
The advantages of the investment bank business have been consolidated, and the share of management income has risen considerably. Keeping close to the dividends of the register, the industry is ranked first in stock, bonds, and mergers and acquisitions.
Sundada, Trade Center, 28th floor, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, Central China, 28th West Side Street, Beijing City.
In 2021, the company implemented \triangleright.
The Sansai Securities Company Ltd., which is integrated outside management, reorganized Cino-Sin-Lion and managed its lines of business vertically, with cash flows largely independent of other lines of operations in 2021.
In the case of Sino-Cin-Lion bonds, the best performance since the acquisition in 2013 was achieved. In the case of the acquisition of Sino-Lion, the goodwill was reduced by $1,093 million, and the acquisition of Sino-China-South was reduced by 876 million.
\triangleright heavy asset size, meeting the requirements of wind control indicators and optimizing business structures.
At a time when the company’s shareholdings are stabilizing the quality of the next development assets, they are set aside to provide space for future performance release, and staff share confidence in the future growth of the company’s performance. Companies are expected to experience a sharp decline in macroeconomic performance; companies are exposed to high risk events; and local outbreaks are repeated.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.