CCS (600030): The summer fund has increased its net profit, “achieving each other” or managing its wealth best.
Companies are the largest securities companies in the country. Cable securities maintain or gain a leading position in a number of business areas.
RMB 2,287 million. As of December 31, 2021, the summer parent company managed assets, improved financing arrangements, wealth managers, transaction services and liquidity providers, market important investors and risk management.
Thanks to a year-long increase in the heat of our public fund-raising industry, the summer fund relies on its first shareholders and on the Chinese bank, the Chinese bank, and the Chinese government.
Capabilities and platform advantages generate high growth in operating income and net profits. According to the performance report, in 2021, companies such as Toto, Shinjong Life Insurance, together formed a medium-consumption equity fund, which generated operating income of $8.015 billion, an increase of 44.70 per cent over the same period; net profits of $2,312 million were realized.
The US dollar represents an increase of 44.68 per cent in the same year; the size of the assets management of the summer fund's parent company was US$ 1,661.607 billion in the year.
According to the annual report of Sino-Sin securities 2020, the figure for the same period last year was 1,461.42 million yuan, an increase of 13.72 per cent. As of mid-2021, the share of Sino-Sin-Shuhe Foundation was 62.20 per cent.
The equity sector has been fully engaged in the transformation of wealth management since 2019, and although the pace of the transformation varies considerably from company to company, it is at an early stage in the larger trend of wealth management. In the current pattern, the front-runners are in the business model of wealth management, human development, institutional regulation, and risk management.
For example, there are more prominent advantages, and the long-term trend of “long-run champions” is likely to be decided in the head-table. As a public fund-raising platform for middle-income equity, the summer fund has developed at a fast pace that not only contributes to and returns on Sino-Trust securities, but also plays an important role in wealth management platform building, business synergy, etc.
In January 2022, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sulti-Scientific and Resource Integration was built on its own financial, technological and resource-integrated capabilities, with the launch of the Treasures and Companions.
A content-opening platform to build a public fund-based content biosphere that provides a full life cycle of professional market interpretation, industry analysis, fund education from an investor perspective, among which the summer fund was one of the first fund companies to be hosted on the content platform, with a strong coalition to develop collaboratively, hopefully.
To create a continuous and mutually reinforcing “positive feedback” effect, a model of “mutual achievement” between holding fund companies and securities parent companies may be the best paradigm for bond-broker wealth management systems. Current proposals are to continue to focus on the opportunities for wealth management within the portfolio, with medium- and long-term recommendations to focus on large wealth management.
“Growth” opportunities resonance between Réseau and the Pan-Investment. On the whole, the securities industry still has a strong business homogeneity at present, and, in the context of the continuing increase in the Matthews effect, the only moat is expected to persist and widen, with the most significant resource concentration effect, and hence the opportunity to get a higher valuation premium.
According to the 2021 Performance Express, a weighted average of 12% of middle-class securities, with a relatively low leverage rate of more than 50%, Roe is close to overseas headlines, and profitability and performance growth are certain.
In addition, in recent years, corporate business structures have been optimized, aligned with overseas platforms, and are more forward-looking, and we are firmly looking at its development prospects, and we expect it to be valued.
The source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the net gain of the summer fund, the “achievement of the other” or the best model of the management of the wealth of the country.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Chinese securities (600030): The net profit of the summer fund increases, the best model of mutual achievement or wealth management for the bondbrokers does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.