The result of the distribution is as follows: as of 23 February 2022, the company received the company as the largest securities firm in the country.
h 25 valid requisitions from shareholders with an actual share recognition of 325,655,615 shares, i.e. shares that can be assigned to maintain or gain a leading position in a number of business areas.
A further 16,098,540 shares, close to the centre of the economy of the service entity, have received 16 valid applications for additional h shareholdings relating to total shares
Unit 864,344,869.h The total number of valid requisitions and additional valid applications is 1,189,995,484, liquidity providers, market important investors and risk management.
The company relies on the first major shareholder and the Sino-Kin Bank, the Sino-Kin-Kin H share, which is “off-demand” and over-requires 53 times. According to the company announcement, this stock is based on each of these shares.
When the shares were initially allocated, h-mails were received from China and shared with the Cin Trust International Financial Holdings.
The ratio of excess requisitions to actual distributions is only 1.86%. This time, the share of h shares was effectively subscribed to by investors in January of this year by 1.55 billion shares, representing the total amount of shares available.
With the distribution of shares on such a large scale, over 97 per cent of a share is overmarketed, and a large percentage of h shares overrequires the “supply” of the company’s shareholdings.
The firm will invest up to $19 billion in capital intermediation, based on the collection of funds issued by the company. The current industry has reduced fees and fees, capital intermediation, self-investment, etc.
Business becomes a breakthrough for industry; at the same time, the demand of clients for risk management, global asset allocation, strategic investment is growing rapidly, and capital intermediation is an important vehicle for companies to provide one-stop-shop integrated services to customers, which is the focus of the company’s current development. The focus of capital intermediation is on capital investment and capital investment.
With more than $3 billion raised to strengthen corporate information systems, it will also make an important contribution to improving the efficiency of the company’s operations. Overall, the securities industry is still becoming more homogenous, in the context of the growing value of the Matthews.
The long line of moats is expected to persist and widen, and the concentration effect is most pronounced, giving Sino-Sin securities the opportunity to get a higher valuation premium.
With less than 50% down, Roe is close to overseas head office, profitability and performance growth are certain, and domestic bond dealers are well established. We have a strong view of their development prospects. With the successful completion of the portfolio, the risk of short-term stock price fluctuations has been largely released, and the low value of a/h shares is long-term.
Table 1: Sino-Sinse equity fund-raising investment projects and specific amounts
Table 2: Size of securities holdings as of 2021q3
Sino-Sin securities (600030): The equity risk is released and the value of the restoration space is renewable.
B.A., University of Wuhan, Master's degree, University of Nankai, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Bank in 2016. Ninth Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and 10th Crystal and Non-Bank Finance Industry in 2016.
Master of Economics, 2019, joined East Hing Securities. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the equity risk has been released and the value of the restoration space is renewable.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.