Oil prices and the impact of the epidemic on q2 have increased rapidly, and we're already at the top of the world.
South-West Securities Research and Development Centre • Summary of Performance: The company released its semi-annual report for 2020, which generated revenues of $14.51 billion (+7 per cent), a net profit of $1.71 billion (+76.2 per cent) to the mother, and a non-net profit of $1.51 billion (+90.5 per cent).
However, the company is seriously pursuing its “Technology Development, Internationalization” strategy, steadily advancing its business management and established reform tasks, and, overall, achieving significantly better business outcomes than its international counterparts. Māori rates have been adjusted in a single quarter, and fine management results have been significant, and investment in research and development has continued to increase: 2020h1.
The same ratio - 3.9 pp. According to the split, the drilling operations generated revenues of $6.17 billion, or +37.4 per cent, of which equinor paid and settled revenues of $188 million, with proceeds of less than 10 per cent after the elimination of the plates; the oilfield technical services operations generated revenues of $6.06 billion, or 8.6 per cent, and prices decreased, resulting in a slight decrease in the revenues of the plates;
Ship services generated 1.54 billion yuan, compared to +6.6 per cent; collection and engineering services generated 740 million yuan, compared to 25.8 per cent, mainly as a result of the decrease in revenue from the collection and submarine cable operations.
R & D expenditure in the field of technical services; financial cost rate of 2.7 per cent, corresponding to -1.2 pp; total cost of the period of 7.1 per cent, compared to -1.1 pp, with significant refined management results.
In the middle of medium- and low-price prices, companies have achieved a breakthrough in their performance by using oil technology services as the main profit point. Companies have continued to increase the pace of technological development in the first half of the year, focusing on major technology needs, increasing investment in research and development, intensifying the process of product sequencing, industrialization, and making technology services more profitable.
Capacity has been continuously enhanced, many scientific research results have been produced, and breakthroughs have been made in the application of technology and the opening of international markets has been widely recognized by clients. A significant increase in technological strength has highlighted the growing nature of the current cycle and has provided a solid support for the growth of the oil plate.
• Operating at a significantly better level than their international counterparts, with a strong global record of hard work; in the first half of the year, the second quarter of the year, the International Tanker Company faced a severe test, and the three major oil suit giants lost a significant loss. Of this, Srembecheq2 achieved $5.4 billion in revenue, compared to 35%, with a net loss of $3.4 billion last year.
China Sea oil uniforms (601808): q1 performed well beyond expectations, with $270 million in profits over the same period last year; Haribertonq2 achieved $3.2 billion in revenues, compared to 46 per cent, fully benefiting from the seven-year action plan (2020-04-30)
A net loss of $1.7 billion, with a profit of $600 million in the same period last year. The company benefits from domestic energy conservation policies. 2. China Sea oil uniforms (6010808): technology plus drilling double-drilling, continuous magnification, and operating significantly better than its international counterparts.
The global leadership in managing and continuously increasing investment in research and development is already emerging. A seven-year growth in domestic oil and gas production that is steadily advancing will also protect companies from robust growth in their performance over the next few years.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company will continue to benefit from domestic production increases in oil and gas by billions of yuan and $4.07 billion, maintaining a “holding” rating. (1) Oilfield technical services: company technical panels have been broken, and Māori rates have exceeded the previous cycle under medium and low oil prices
(2) Drilling services: The continued upswing in the domestic garment industry led to a recovery in the company’s drilling operations. The first half of the year, when the equinorenergyas paid $188 million in settlement revenues, is expected to generate 25 per cent of the revenue this year. (3) Ship services: the company’s shipboards are expected to operate as the fleets operate and operate at high rates.
(4) Property exploration and exploration services: The global property exploration industry has been hit by the epidemic and low oil prices. This year, the plate has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.