The company issued a mid-term performance report for the year 2020, which increased its operating income by 7 per cent over the year to $14.511 billion;
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses of $1,514 million, which is an increase in the volume of company drilling wells, oil field technical services and shipboard operations and a decrease in the performance of exploration panels.The operating income from the services industry grew by 6.6 per cent in the same year, while the number of ship operating days increased by 0.7 per cent in the same year.
The operation of technical services increased, but the price fell, with operating income of $6.06 billion, a decrease of 41.1 per cent in white completion, a decrease of 40.9 per cent in three-dimensional collection and a similar decrease in cable operations.
Hundreds of millions of dollars, reoriented towards overseas operations and domestic exploration operations, while other operations reduced service prices but increased the workload. The company’s drilling fees, the cost of oilfield technical services and exploration operations declined as a result, but the company’s operations continued to grow.
The company has maintained the competitiveness of its domestic maritime services, its operations have continued to increase, and the price of its future services will follow the industry’s 1,000th Hengsheng Building, the Landgate Ring Road.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, Law, uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.