China Sea Oil Clothes (601808) The performance of 2020h1 is stable, waiting for the oil price to return to warmer - Middle China Marine Clothes (601808) mid-2020.
On the evening of August 26, 2020, the China Sea Oilsuits published a semi-annual report stating that the first half of the year had been owned by the parent company with a similar increase in workload, with service prices under some pressure, and a small increase in revenue. The company's drilling operations generated $6.2 billion, without taking into account the same increase in settlement costs.
A total of 56 platforms were operated and managed, the number of platforms increased by four in the same year, and the number of drilling platform days was 5.7 per cent lower than the average daily income of the drilling platform.
Revenue from the services industry increased by 6.6 to 1.5 million yuan from the same year, receiving $188 million in settlement income and improving profit margins from the same year.
Payments to equinorenergyas for settlement income of $188 million increased corporate profits. In the second quarter alone, overall income fell by 17.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a net interest rate of 9.06 per cent, and services prices fell during the same period last year in an environment where the current industry climate was declining.
G.I.S.A.A.A. - Middle Sea Oil Clothes (601808): 2020q1 Performance The number of uniforms operating is influenced by both oil prices and policies.Better than expected, the two core operations will continue to grow by 2020.04.30.
The garment industry is highly dependent on its clients for exploration and development expenditures, and the capital expenditure of China Sea oil, the company's main client, takes into account the long-term deployment of the national energy security strategy and the continued implementation of the seven-year action plan.
Domestic oil and gas storage targets, taking into account the interests of shareholders and creditors, will be adjusted to the expectations of the industry landscape. Customer demand for services will be affected by oil prices and policies, and the positive effects of policies will offset some of the negative effects of oil prices, once oil prices rebound above the profit-and-loss balance point.
The domestic garment industry will return to a high state, with a long-term recovery of the epidemic full of oil prices and a “buy-in” rating, given that the company's performance is expected to continue to grow.
China Sea oil capital expenditure has increased at a lower rate than expected, oil prices are running low, oil field technical services are not performing as well as expected, drilling service operating day rate down.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.