The wealth management business is bright, the asset quality has improved considerably, profits have increased steadily, and interest margins have recovered steadily: the q2 battalion has recovered at a steady rate and profits have increased steadily. The net profit has increased steadily by 4.61% in the first half of the year, increasing at a rate of 0.63pc over q1.
The profit rate has increased by 7pc to 2.95% over q1. Structurally: net interest income has continued to decline over the same period. The net fees and commissions have decreased slightly by 0.37% over the same year, but q2 has increased over the same quarter to varying degrees in terms of fees and commissions, such as insurance coverage, investment, financial management, etc.
For objective reasons such as policy adjustment, market, etc. Loan interest rates go up + peer interest rates go down, and interest differentials rise steadily. The first half-year net interest difference is 1.41%, an increase of 1 bp over q1, of which the q2 quarter ring q1 rises by 9 bps. On the one hand, the return on assets is steadily rising (interest-bearing assets as a whole, loans).
Interest rates go down, and the share of joint liabilities goes up to ease the upward pressure on costs. Of the approximately 215 billion new loans made in the first half of the year, 73% were invested in personal loans, while the ratio of public loans (including discounts) was about 27%, and credit resources were further skewed towards retail loans.
About 63% of the structure was invested in credit cards, and the remaining 37% were mainly mortgage loans. Credit card surplus as a percentage of individual loans increased further from 3.5 to 32% at the beginning of the year, and is expected to be the highest in the state-owned sector.
The negative balance is about $71.5 billion, a slight increase from the end of March.
Report points: Improved asset quality, interest-rate spreads, overdue loans, “double drop” in loan balances over 90 days, with balances falling by 7.5 billion, 7.7 billion, 11.7 billion respectively, or 28bps, 25bps, 32bps, respectively
Provision for increased write-off and planning of write-off and transfer of write-offs and transfers in the first half of 18; 3-quarter report of Transport Bank 2017 rating: low valuation with security margins and improved performance
In the case of increased disposal by companies, there has been a marked reduction in the stock load (the indicators have improved while closing the identified gap), with an increase in coverage between 16 pc and 171 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and the risk resilience has been further enhanced.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Transport banks operate robustly, and profits are growing steadily.
The credit gap has been rapidly filled, the coverage of the provision has steadily increased, and the risk resilience has improved.Accordingly: Business Lights: Retail Developments Effective, Credit Card Business Performances Effective Corporate Individual Financial Developments. 1) Performance Contributions have improved.
The line generated $35.5 billion, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 2 pc to 34.8 per cent in the share of revenues, a positive increase of 1.4 per cent, with net revenue from fees and commissions rising by 11.4 per cent over the same period, representing a net balance of fees and commissions of $1.78 trillion, an increase of 5.81 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, representing more than half of the additional deposits; the individual loan balance was reached.
The household base is further strengthened. 3) The wealth management business is booming. The wealth management business is growing steadily, and “Ward's wealth” has become a corporate brand. The personal financial assets (aum) managed by the company at the end of 18 years amounted to RMB 2.98 trillion, an increase of 3.69% from the end of 17 years.
Credit card business shows up. Crossing credit card business has always been a corporate advantage and has shown up in recent years. 1) Business size has grown rapidly. 62.8% of the new 157.6 billion individual loans made in the first half of 18 years have gone to credit cards, and efficiency has continued to increase; buying bar apps have reached 47.6 million households, nearly double the number of customers active at the end of 16 years.
Better, according to Erie's consulting data, there were more than 22 million separate equipment in July, bank credit card type app, Figure 12: Quality of Bank of Transport assets
Fig. 13: Capital adequacy of transport banks