Shanghai Airport (60009.sh)
Airport taps are included in the msci index, a unit is continuously recommended to cross through the msci successfully, Shanghai airport is included as the backbone of the shipping airport, and industry quality markers are expected to receive global attention.
Pressure. As a result of sanctions and restrictions on traffic, aircraft landings and landings increased by 3.8 per cent compared to the previous year, and travel traffic by 6.9 per cent compared to the same period in 2016, the rate of increase is expected to drop by 4.0 pts and the rate of accuracy is expected to be lifted by the end of July, with a steady increase in traffic at Shanghai airport.
In the Cape, the only international hub is located, with sufficient capacity and long-term flow growth. Non-aerial and aviation revenues go hand in hand, and the goal is to move to a commercial city: Pudong Airport’s international passenger ratio is high, and its passenger base is of high quality.
After the recent opening and landing of a new tax-free tender at the domestic airport, the value of the hub airport tax-free is expected to be taken into account.
2. " Growing profitability, increasing tax-free bidding - performance growth from a single aviation revenue to a two-engine model that combines aviation revenue with non-aerial revenue. " Pudong Airport is the most developed, internationally mature airport business city with the best potential.
3. " Non-avigational operations support the main camp, investment returns contribute to performance - a gradual transition will be made to a balance of payments through the airline industry and to the development of a pattern of profits from non-air revenue. Investment returns are stable and profitability leads: investment returns have long been important to the performance of Shanghai Airport.
4. " Business is better than expected, and profits continue to be strong-Shanghai. In 2016, investment returns amounted to $220 million, or 22% of total profits.
The haze will dissipate and now take off from the top - Shanghai Airport continues to add significantly to its performance.
The Authority’s rates for international routes are significantly higher than those for domestic routes, and non-aerial profits are close to the international maturities, leading to profitability. The Māori rate increased from 38% in 2012 to 45% in 2016, and rose to 13.1% in 2016, ranking first on the airport plate, with a tendency to catch up with the international maturities.
Shanghai airport, as a leader of the airport, rich in productivity, stable endogenous growth and high profitability; anticipation of a new round of tax-exempt bidding, competition among tax-exempt giants, companies will take advantage of it. Pe estimates are lower than international mature airports, airport taps are valued at a premium, and dcf values $43.91, still.
Su Bao-Liang, Huang Van-Yan, went down the economic ladder; there was a series of bad weather conditions; tax-free shops were tendered at a slower pace than expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market: Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.