He was over-expected in a quarter, concerned with fee adjustment and tax-free bidding Company performance: 1st quarter of 2017, Shanghai Airport achieved operating income of $1,895 million.
Youy+15.77 per cent; net profit of 791 million yuan, yoy+23.46 per cent achieved; net profit of non-repatriation of 11 per cent increased faster than operating costs and Māori increased 2.34 percentage points over the reporting period; percentage points, higher operating profit of $3.316 million; (iii) oil companies and advertising companies increased revenue
Cargo transport grew brightly. 201q1, Pudong Airport cumulatively completed 1,203,000 aircraft landings and landings, yoy+3.02 per cent; cumulative passenger throughput, 1.6489 million times, yoy+4.74 per cent; cumulative cargo throughput, 4.3363 million tons, yoy+17.91 per cent.
Passengers grew at a lower rate than 9.7 per cent and 11.8 per cent in the same period last year; however, the increase in mail-to-mail traffic was significantly faster than the 0.49 per cent in the same period last year, which was the main reason for the faster growth in revenue collection during the reporting period, as well as for more family visits during the quarter of the year, and increased airport consumption was also conducive to commercial rental income.
The Civil Aviation Authority ' s Civil Airport Standard Adjustment Program has been formally implemented since 2017/4/1. (i) The rates for air operations charge items continue to be subject to government guidance and benchmarks for aviation charges such as landing fees, passenger and cargo security, parking fees and passenger bridge charges have been adjusted.
(ii) Non-aerial business-critical fee items will be adjusted to market-adjusted prices as directed by the Government.
The tax exemption is expected to increase significantly. The operation of the tax-free market at Pudong Airport will expire in March 2018, with institutional investors accounting for the share of the circulation a.
It is expected that a tender will be launched around the end of 2017. According to the tax-free bidding process at the capital airport, the international airport of Pudong, with a higher percentage of passenger throughput, is expected to enter into a more intense competition for tax-free operations, which may be close to, or even higher than, the tax-free rate at the capital airport.
Construction work in progress: Currently, the company ' s load is still subject to energy and the saturation of the capacity is the main reason why the Pudong airport has not been able to achieve steady and continuous compliance. The projects currently under construction by the company are: (1) Pudong Year; (2), three phases of expansion, including the largest single-body satellite hall in the world and related support.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.