The Kim Shan office is out of the alley fight, the office software bureau is clear, and as a domestic office software leader, the company has 30 years of built-up bottom technology and product power.
By taking advantage of mobile Internet opportunities over large overseas players, such as Microsoft, the leadership is becoming stronger. The transformation strategy of Saas is facing full-scale domestic production needs, an improved market environment, and a reshaping of secondary growth dynamics.
Companies reverse the industry pattern and gain a leadership position (with 62 per cent client coverage and more than 90 per cent of mobile end-month living). Mobile office subscription models are naturally friendly, increasing revenue sustainability and smoothness, and increasing customer stickyness, which is the main driver of company growth over the long term.
In traditional markets, copyright awareness and payment will be lower, ranging from a client to a payout, and competition will be as complex as an "street fight." And industry will be changing: (1) more certainty in national production. In 2023, the credit creation market was more than $365 million, and more recently.
Events such as the Russian-American sanctions have highlighted the urgency of technological autonomy; (2) digital demand for injections: according to the 14th Five-Year Plan, the software and information services industry is expected to increase rapidly to $14 trillion by 2025, and online office habits during the epidemic will also drive small and medium-sized enterprises and markets at the end of the market.
Out of the street environment, leading companies enter comfort zones, and are more able to respond to new battlefields with a platform-level strategy that goes up and down. Faced with a new position-to-ground environment, the company has launched a completely new digital office, a fair desk, improved layout from tools to service chains, and actively built its own office software ecology.
Systems. Clients, while enjoying the company’s current saas-based products, meet individualized needs that enhance their willingness to pay digitally. At the same time, the platform provides a platform to enable cloud producers, including through modular embedding, to work with partners to create a digital transformation community that promotes ecological development.
The tam valuation reflects a forward market value of $5.218 billion and a high ceiling.
202020201215 Office in Phnom Penh: Business on the Platform has grown less than expected, technological breakthroughs have fallen short of expectations, and demand for credit has fallen.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Computers: computer applications
Nationally produced office software leads, performance continues to grow at a high rate, mobile end overloads, national production office software peaks, and office office in Kimsan is the leading office software product and service provider in the country, mainly providing sales and value-added services for office software products.
Products include the wpsoffice office suite, the gold mountain file, and the golden mountain hymn. The gold mountain office product matrix can be divided into three categories by function: the base office series covers mainly the wpsoffice, including the three main office components: Word, Excel, ppt; the value added office series includes the gold mountain pdf, the gold mountain hymn, wps pictures, and rice shell members; and the cloud office series covers mainly the gold mountain files and the gold mountain digitized platform.
The main stages of company development are as follows: High optic period (1988-1994): the founder asked Uncle-goon to develop wps1.0, solve the problem of dos which is not compatible with the Chinese language system, and fill the gap in the Chinese document processing market. The office in Kimshan took up a 90% share of the domestic office market in several months.
In 2011, Microsoft again seized the opportunity of high-speed growth of smartphones, before Microsoft moved to China.
At the end, and for the next three years, the growth of 300% per year will eventually be sustained, with a strong pre-emptive advantage, to achieve a turn-over at the mobile end. Cloud transition (2015-2020): in 2015, wps+one-stop cloud office was opened, while companies began to shift from products to services and to invest in subscriptions.
The strategy is to create multi-purpose products such as gold mountain manifests, gold mountain conferences, gold mountain calendars, gold mountain to-dos and gold mountain flexpaper.
The company’s core team has a strong technical background, the Lui army, and major shareholders such as Uncle-goon have been engaged in the Internet industry for many years, with extensive industry and management experience, with high performance growth and sustained investment in research and development.
Overall growth has been steady and high; net return to mothers has increased from RMB 130 million to RMB 880 million, and cagr to 61.2 per cent. Figure 4. Revenue and net return to mothers from office operations in Phnom Penh has been stable and investment in R & D has increased. Over the last five years, the cost of management, marketing, R & D has remained essentially at 10 per cent, 20 per cent, and 35 per cent, respectively.
The launch of the “14th Five-Year Plan” will steadily increase the size of the enabling software and information technology services sector.
The 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, which sets out the overall vision and development objectives for promoting quality development in software and information technology services during the 14th Five-Year Plan, emphasizes that by 2025 the value added of the core industries of the digital economy will be 10% of GDP, of which the size of software and information services is expected to rise from $8.2 trillion to $14 trillion (about 11.4% for cagr), and will continue to do so.
As the process of self-controllable and nationalized substitution has accelerated, the maturity and sophistication of our software technology has greatly improved, and the IT industry has expanded. According to China’s White Paper on IT industry development, in 2023, the size of China’s IT industry market will break down by 365 billion.
In the area of breakdown, the market space for enterprise applications is expected to reach RMB 109.2 billion (11.7% for cagr). The credit-for-business sector is well established, driven by the collapse of core technology.
Users’ willingness to pay for the original software has increased significantly as software is being made more or less available, as has the shift in consumption perceptions and copyright awareness after 90-00. According to worldwide data, the market for basic office software has grown at a faster rate, while the user size has slowed, reflecting the gradual increase in the value of the public software market, aarpu (average income per user).
In addition, as a result of the epidemic, business demand for online office has increased dramatically, and the process of market awareness and user education in cloud offices has accelerated. Users’ online office habits will be further enhanced in the long run.
In the long run, telemarket-led online office software penetration will increase further. In competition with competitors, Kimshan’s office is moving in, gradually expanding the business layout.
The rival is microsoftoffice. From the strategic layout, the company seized the opportunity of the mobile Internet wave, and since 2011, the wave has been moving, and by September 2021 the wps mobile version had more than 300 million monthly active users. According to questmobile, wps have more than 10 times the monthly activity at the mobile end. And at Microsoft’s dominant pc end, wps have been expanded through large-scale corporate clients.
At the end of pc, according to Irey's consulting data, client coverage has increased to 62% in 2020. With further progress in party politics, wps are expected to increase the pc end penetration. In the market for co-location, we compare the digitized office platform in KIMshan with nails, flybooks, and Chinese Welink.
After looking at the dimensions of positioning, client coverage, security control, open compatibility, etc., we found that companies have a unique advantage in the field of co-location. Compared to the Chinese cloud, the company’s client coverage is far ahead; compared to nails and flybooks, the gold mountain office has an advantage in safety control and price strategy. At the same time, the gold mountain office is more functional than nails and flybooks in the co-location field.
A digital community is formed with partners in a uniquely enabling way, embedded in the existing Paas, laas architecture of the client, with more cooperation than competition in terms of the competitive dynamics of the market. The office saas is transformed to create a secondary growth curve.
In 2015, the company started the transition from the traditional software authorization model to the subscription model. The subscription business is more flexible than the traditional authorized business, reducing large one-time client expenditure and increasing client willingness to pay; the corporate income is more stable than the authorized model by 2020.
The ratio of subscription services to receipts increased from 5 per cent in 2015 to 49 per cent, and the strategy for the transformation of the office office from a traditional office software provider to a Saas enterprise was initially agreed upon.Saas, whose core is subscription, is often measured in terms of the “40 rule” of value: according to Bradfeld Measuring saas
The 40-per-cent rule of health means that when an enterprise has an annual growth rate of more than 40-per-cent of its annual profit rate, the company’s future growth potential and size advantage increases as the monthly rate of gain increases. The Saas company, which meets the 40 rule, is more growing and therefore usually has a higher ps valuation.
Between 2017 and 2021, the annual rate of growth in subscriptions for the Office of Kimshan and the ebitda rate were significantly over 40%. The growth of users, combined with the number of active users on the main product mau and pc end, significantly increased the scale and efficiency of operations. In the future, the Office of Kimshan will have a strong growth potential as user flows drive. After 2022, overall business shifts and customer acceptance of subscription models have been raised to allow for an increase.
Led by factors such as the use of custom formation, the office operations will be further upgraded and it is expected to continue to follow the law of 40. Figure 18. Growth rate of office subscription revenue + ebitda rate — Growth rate of subscription income + ebitda rate
On December 22, 2021, the Office launched a digital office platform. The platform was built around the concept of “one office capability matrix, two hubs, three enabling scenarios, four modes of delivery” and covered content creation and secondary development through cloudization, centralization and redevelopment.
Managed, co-located, digitalized business solutions that address three major pains in the process of digital office transformation (i.e., information vulnerability, high self-construction costs and product openness), the product matrix of the digital office platform will be built around creation and management, co-location, business empowerment and security control, all of which will be located in Phnom Penh.
The products were clouded and integrated, covering office tools, clouds, cloud files, and value-added office series, the Gold Mountain Knowledge Bank, light office tools, and so forth.
Identities are built on the platform. The document is centred around document office coordination, office file management, online preview editing, conversion, etc.; and the collaboration is built around intra-company information and services to help clients achieve centralized control of chat messages and full-chain digitalization of the office platform in Phnom Penh for different office digitalization capabilities of clients. Three enablers are provided for digital transformation.
Enterprises with relatively weak capacity, the Golden Mountain Office, provide a full platform; clients with initial digital capacity can choose a modular mix, a needle-to-peer solution to certain problems; mature clients can choose to embed part of the Golden Mountain office digital office capacity in their original applications to achieve a digital office upgrade.
In terms of delivery modes, digital office platforms provide four modes of delivery: public cloud, mixed cloud, privatization, and a full-text environment.
For most saas, it seems a paradox to insist on product routing and meeting client individualization needs. While traditional software firms can directly deploy local code changes to face their clients’ different needs, saas firms, because of their product standardization characteristics, are very difficult to meet customer customization needs.
The shift from tools to services enhances the willingness of firms to digitize. Digital platforms provide three ways of enabling. For clients that have already undergone digitalized departmentally, the purchase of a full platform will result in functional overlaps, unnecessary costs, and data migration.
In addition to providing the full platform with the means to enable it, the office can also upgrade existing digital information systems by allowing customers to select modules or apply embedded models based on their own needs. From the perspective of customer demand, by grinding their own products to be better adapted to their clients, the digitizing platform helps large and medium-sized enterprises at different stages to achieve smaller migration costs.
In contrast to the “big and full” platform development model, at its launch meeting, the offices of Kimshan and Huaiyuan agreed to cooperate with the companies of the city in areas such as office intelligence, government management, Yundo, digital China. By providing a wealth of digital office applications for their friends, the offices of Kimshan further promoted digital ecology.
In addition, digital platforms bring with them innovations in business models and the possibility of a second growth in company development. For digital platforms, in addition to firms, individuals can re-develop on wps clients and split up through application. The platform ' s product matrix will be improved with the continued inclusion of assv. For traditional tool-type saas, the user size and the user base will continue.
There is little room for further business growth when the rate is high. But there is a non-linear relationship between the rate of renewal and the rate of renewal of the amount of the platform ' s Saas enterprise, i.e., the rate of renewal of the amount can increase continuously when the user rate remains constant. When the platform continues to expand its functional modules, stock clients are likely to buy new modules, increase the platform ' s revenue, and eventually drive the business.
The industry has a powerful flying-wheeling effect. The vertical field of office has a strong potential for SME markets to serve the cloud as the downstream of the chain of cloud computing, which is also linked to the carrying capacity of the upstream infrastructure.
According to data from the Ministry of Information and Communications, we have more than 30 million small and medium-sized enterprises in 2018, and less than half of these companies are on board, using the standard-level support scheme for Arihuun as a reference for pricing and conservative estimates of market space released by small and medium-sized enterprises.
In recent years, firms’ willingness to digitize through cloud computing techniques has increased. Research shows that enterprises actively engaged in digitizing are often superior to industry competition.
In terms of its own characteristics, saas subscriptions are standardized. For SMEs, they have less demand for customized products, and standardized saas products that can be rapidly deployed without installation support in the int sector are more favoured by this type of enterprise.
Faced with the SME market, the office in Phnom Penh has adopted a similar approach to plg (product-led-growth), i.e., income growth driven by product experience. The effectiveness of a more flat organizational structure for large firms, small and medium-sized enterprises, a stronger voice for end-users, and a more traditional approach to bottom-up adoption in enterprises has diminished.
Compared to traditional saas marketing models, the pgg model, which identifies end-user demand as a core, is more appropriate for the development of saas enterprises. According to a study by kr, plg drives the recovery of cac (cost of access) by the saas enterprises much faster than the recovery of cacs is traditionally driven, so that the future growth of revenue in the SME market can be expected for the Kimshan office.
In terms of price strategy, the office provided small and medium-sized enterprises with a free experiential version, a free product to attract customers, increased user penetration, and enhanced user subscription to value-added services through additional functional modules.
With, for example, online co-ed editing, clients need to complete subscription fees if they want more document space. Most SMEs use freemium strategies that are more user-friendly for price sensitivity.
At the end of the product, the gold mountain office completed the conversion from touch to payment by targeting end-user pain points. At the 2021 gold mountain office digital office, the company launched three products from the gold mountain collaboration, the light dimension watch, and the gold mountain knowledge bank.
The Golden Mountain Knowledge Bank is a new generation of knowledge management tools. Corporate employees can record their weekly focus on work content, solutions to problems, and new information sharing in their personal spaces. Daily work handovers or changes in staff can be done by looking directly at wiki space. The light-dimensional table is an enhanced version of the form software designed specifically for multi-person collaborative scenes. It helps each small and medium-sized enterprise.
The industry has established its own light data warehouse, classified the data sheets by business, stratification, multi-role viewing, efficient performance and better data management.Wps+ Cloud Offices provide targeted solutions for industry hotspots and now cover underline retailing, e-commerce, manufacturing.
In industries such as industry, the future of wps+ will also increase the layout of education, finance, etc..1 The discussion of basic assumptions begins with a discussion of market concerns about corporate growth, on the basis of which the company ' s revenue and performance growth will be predicted.
One of the concerns of the market at the present time is the slowdown in the rate of growth of office operations. But, in the long run, we believe, benefiting from the increase in the share of Saas, a decrease in the volatility of the company’s income (retrenchment) (as shown in the figure below) and a significant improvement in the quality of income.
Apart from this, if seasonal factors are removed, the overall rate of growth in the office in Kimshan has not slowed significantly. The effect is to confuse the company’s real growth by 39.82% in 2019-2021, respectively.
From the pc end, with 62% coverage and a high level of mobile-end mau, can there be a second increase? At the pc end, the national production office area will benefit as the party’s innovation moves forward.
In addition, there is room for further improvement in the coverage of the SME market by focusing on the market for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), using price advantages and addressing user pains to increase product penetration and payment. From the mobile end, the lower mau is high.
Perhaps, the growth in sales of tool-type saas is driven mainly by the number of users, and with the peak of user flows there is a lack of new points of income growth in the future. But the Kimsan office is gradually shifting to a platform company, with platform-based saas clients having higher stickyness, relatively rich income patterns, and moving revenue is largely dependent on the platform’s functionality and dynamism.
As shown in the figure below, the tool saas will grow exponentially in the early stages of growth as the user flow increases, while the platform saas development path is more stable. In the context of our discussion of corporate income patterns in the previous section, we believe that the revenue pattern of the office in Kimshan is moving towards the platform saas. Overall, the company is actively refining the matrix of digital office products and working with a large number of cloud producers.
Cooperation in building the platform’s closed ecology will accelerate the process of digitizing the enterprise. So, after the platform’s release, companies are expected to have sustained growth points in the future.2 Income splits and performance projections
Domestic subscriptions consist mainly of public, mixed, and private annual subscriptions. Corporate subscriptions are the direction in which the company is developing vigorously, and their penetration and payment rates are expected to increase further as the firm becomes more willing to do so.
Domestic individual subscriptions are the company’s main business. As the individual user base continues to expand and product functionality continues to improve, individual subscriptions are expected to grow at a rate of 40 per cent.
As the business as a whole matures and improves its quality, and as the process deepens, domestic agencies are expected to continue to grow at a 40% rate. Advertising is one of the early business models of the product, and companies continue to change their strategic stance, and it is expected that revenue will continue to shrink.
Based on the relative valuation method: As shown in the table below, the selection of Saas’ head listing companies is comparable. The value of the offices in Phnom Penh is higher than that of comparable companies, reflecting a premium on the offices in Phnom Penh.
By segment valuation method: RMB 2.7 billion in the sum of subscription-type income in 2022, as shown in table 33; RMB 1.35 billion in authorized business income, according to the talm valuation method: according to data from the universal accounting consultancy, the size of basic office users in 2018 was 660 million, representing 47.5 per cent of the total population of the country (1.39 billion in 2018), the catalytic effects of the epidemic and the acceleration of the digital transformation of enterprises will drive office software
One billion (assuming that China has a population of 1.45 billion in 2030). We divide the company’s business into two parts, i.e., end-of-c and end-b/g operations.
c End operations: assuming a 40% rate for end-c users, the size of end-c payers is about 170 million. The market size of individual subscriptions is $30.97 billion based on wps super-member annual fees of $178 per person. Assuming 90% coverage of end-c offices in Phnom Penh, the income should be 27.880 billion.
Prices of $M, $365, $599 are calculated at a unit price of $N 450/person/year, with an approximate bg end size of $N17.45 billion. Assuming a 75% share of the bg end office in the forward (more than 90% coverage at end g and a further increase in company ownership at the end of the enterprise is expected in the future as the party’s innovations, nationalization and substitution move forward), the corresponding income size is RMB88.09 billion.
The combined forward income of the Golden Hill office is $115.96 billion, based on the current net interest rate of about 40% and growth trends, and based on a 45% net interest rate fake design, which corresponds to a net profit of $52.18 billion, giving the company a 10-fold market gain, and the market value of the corresponding company in 2030 is approximately $52.18 billion. The leading position of the public software industry and the growth capacity of the complex growth rate of 39%.
There is ample room for growth in the company’s market value. At this stage, corporate saasization and platform transformation will lead to a new round of revenue growth and improved income quality.
Failure to meet expectations will affect corporate income levels and have a negative impact on long-term development.2 Technological breakthroughs are not as rapid as expected. If firms fail to move beyond existing technologies in a timely manner to produce product rotations, the competitiveness of their products will be negatively affected, which may lead to a lower than expected level of corporate income and profitability.