I'm reporting a three-quarterly review.
On 29 October 2021, the company released its first three-quarters report on the net profits attributable to the parent owner in the previous three quarters.
4.87 billion yuan, or 95.13 per cent over the same period; 17.257 billion yuan in operating income, or 66.24 per cent over the same period; 10 billion dollars in the first quarter of the country and sustained high performance growth. 17.257 billion yuan, or 66.24 per cent over the first three quarters of the 2021s, was earned in the first quarter of the year, resulting in a net return profit of 4,879 million yuan.
In terms of products, the Saffron series continues to be the main engine of growth, with the growth of a healthy industry with a strong second engine, with a deep expansion of the markets in the Pearl Triangle during the first three quarters of 2021, with the growth of the core markets in the South far exceeding the national market.
In addition, the number of dealers in the province in the first three quarters of 2021 was 732, while in the provinces there were 2,694, an increase of 443, while the share of dealers in the provinces was high, and the effects of the nationalization of the wine were significant.
The company insists on the product strategy of catching flowers, having a strong waist, having a stable net asset rate of return: 35.09%, and continues to consolidate the promotion of the Saffron advantage, and insists on “a high quality of life”.
In addition, the net cash flow generated by the operations in the first three quarters of 2021 was $6,124 million, an increase of 198.85 per cent.
Tianshanxi Securities Co. Ltd. is gaining momentum and is expected to make a breakthrough of $20 billion a year. The year 2021 was the beginning of the 14th Five. It was also a crucial period for strategic recovery. The first three and a half quarters were achieved.
Over 10 billion dollars a year, we believe that high-end products, nationalization of markets, and double-wheel drive are the main drivers behind the first half of the year’s harvest and the net increase in profits. In the second half of the year, it is expected to be 20 billion dollars a year: one is to accelerate the "two-wheel-drive" drive, and to step up the expansion of the domestic and foreign markets.
The integration of the “production and marketing” of the bamboo industry; the strengthening and upgrading of corporate governance by leading world enterprises; and the continuation of the construction of projects to optimize the original food base, the packaging and printing base, and the almond village distillers;
It is to safeguard the industry, promote the expansion of productive capacity, strengthen the foundations of high-quality development; and, fifth, to keep moving forward with digitally intelligent transformation efforts and create “smart wine.” In 2020, new breakthroughs were actively sought in the context of new competitions.
In 2021, the first year of the "145," was marked by a 66.24 per cent increase in income in the previous three quarters, and 30 per cent left in the year.
The risk of the epidemic being over-expected, the pace of reform of state enterprises falling short of expectations, the expansion outside the country, the level of ambition, and the independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use my identity, status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.