High revenue growth continues, quarterly tax fluctuations affect profit growth rates, Shanxi wine (60809.sh) • product structure continues to be optimized, markets within and outside the province progress steadily, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved revenues of $17.26 billion, compared to +66.2 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $4.88 billion for the mother, compared with +95.1 per cent, of which q3 achieved revenue of $5.14 billion, compared with +47.8 per cent, a net profit of $1.34 billion for the mother, the same promotion, the upgrading of the company's products and the expansion of nationalization still have room to maintain the “buy-in” rating.
• In keeping with the product strategy of “breeding flowers, strong waist, and steady bovine”, the product structure continues to be optimized by the company's q3 q3 qun, which collects 4.73 billion, or +50.6 per cent of the year, with the highest projected rate of growth in the series, near-average growth in Panama and old white tycoon, which continues to control a slower-than-average rate of growth.
The company focuses on the expansion and marketing of the Quasa Circle, steadily promotes the upgrading of the waist products, proactively controls the rhythm of the Bottle.
q3 achieved $2.14 billion in revenue, compared to +41.2 per cent in the same province, mainly due to the apparent escalation of demand in the province, and the Qinghua series is now better. At the same time, there has been a significant reduction in the return of goods to the province and continued strengthening of the intra-provincial market. q3 achieved $2.98 billion in revenue, compared with +52.7 per cent in the province, and consumption in the Rim West market.
The q3 distributors have increased by 146, mainly MERCOSUR, and nationalization is still in progress. The q3 Māori rate has risen and the cost rate has fallen over the period, and the net interest rate has increased despite the volatility of the operating tax.
The product structure optimization led to an increase of 3.1 pct to 76.2% in the Māori rate, with the exception of the recovery version, the cost of the 20-year-old and under 20-year-olds. The 2020 epidemic affected production, resulting in a lower business tax ratio than ever before. Net interest rate raised by 1.34 pct elasticity of performance over expectations. 2021.7.14
Good head, laying the foundation for a year-long growth.