Shanxi Liquor (60809): Reform into deep water, rationality, December 26, 2021, Global Congress of Wine Dealers, with company management attending the Congress.
There are four main advantages, four focusing on recovery, and the company now has reform advantages, class advantages, product line advantages, and market advantages.
There's a lot of wine, and it's a lot of it, and it's a lot of it, and it's a lot of it, and it's a lot of it; it's a lot of it, and it's a lot of it, and it's a lot of it.
Targets, multi-price belts; market advantages, when the company's nationalization strategy is significant, and the extra-provincial depth of expansion occurs. Four focusses, namely, focus on market structuring, product structure optimization, focus on quality enhancement, focus on management.
Upgraded. The optimal structure of the market means, first, the consolidation of the market in the mountains; and, secondly, the seizure of the highlands, the long triangle, which is a high-growth region of our economy and a high-rise area that must be seized by the nationalization strategy of rum.
The quality improvement is the quality of the original wine, which protects the 1455 target. The management improvement is the continuous improvement.
To improve the business system and optimize the development of governance structures.
Companies are currently faced with the following problems: (a) the lack of balance in brand development and the insufficient pooling of brand resources must be adequately addressed. (b) The inadequacy of the international marketing system for alcohol should be adequately addressed. (c) The lack of integrity of the marketing system in the international market should be adequately addressed.
The question of raising the value of the brand is the 4th, the existing industry team, the distribution team, the 5th, the central marketing center, the extension and coverage of the marketing end.
In 2022, the company adhered to the general policy of “133238” marketing reform, which is to target one goal, set up three battles, build three markets, push two projects, press three targets, and do eight. One of the objectives is to achieve white.
The wine industry has one major goal in three days. Three battles are about marketing, building battles, restructuring of products, and brand values. The three markets are about large base markets.
On the other hand, emphasis will be placed on building a strong market of land north of the Yellow River, with the North China City Park as the central barrier, on the other hand, the East China market, and on the South China market.
The three indicators are: one for the sale of the wine, two for the 20 for the flower, and three for the group of the leaders. More emphasis is placed on the resource, on the line of the flowers, on the high.
We're going to be able to build up the Qingixiang brand, and we're going to be able to see the next year's growth of more than 25%, despite the slow pace of the company's performance.
Quick. After the country changed in 2017, the company rejuvenates in the second spring, and the brand rejuvenation is about to take place, and we think that the company will have a five-point view of the future: 1, 2+2, the first of them.
2 refers to Liquor and Liquor, 2 to Apricot Village brands and series brands, and the core of Liquor and Bamboo are corporate drivers, which are useful additions to the Apricot Village brands and series. 2 refers to the Great Health Industry Platform, which has bamboo leaf at its core.
Ye Qing is one of the company's core brands for the future, which is expected to grow in volume.
The price of $40-60 is a large single item that strengthens competition between the old and Panamanian products.4 Regional expansion has led to the implementation of the “1357” nationalization of the structure of marketing organizations in 31 provinces and + 10 immediate regulatory areas, both within and outside the province during the 1455s.
The share of revenue is expected to rise from the current 4:6 to the next 3:7, and as the company's layout is gradually completed, the product structure is optimized and the national layout is deepened and the scale is deepened.
Wine camp. We watch the company's brand rejuvenation, the company's brand is high, macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic drags on consumption, the flower is growing less than expected, and the food and beverage group is making presentations.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.