In the immediate aftermath, the Xiaohuas have continued upwards (for the first time) with strong momentum and year-round performance assured
High growth. In the first three quarters, income growth remained high (q1-77 per cent, q2-73 per cent and q3-48 per cent), while net return to mothers continued to increase by more than 50 per cent.
• Nationalization is progressing well, and the south of the Yangtze is beginning to bear fruit.
More branded resources for consumer growth, with an emerging effect, the company's five main points of vision for the future, and further reforms, look forward to the next year's growth of more than 25 per cent, although the company's performance has slowed.
Quick. After the country changed in 2017, the company rejuvenates in the second spring, and the brand rejuvenation is about to take place, and we think that the company will have a five-point view of the future: 1, 2+2, the first of them.
2 refers to Liquor and Liquor, 2 to Apricot Village brands and series brands, and the core of Liquor and Bamboo are corporate drivers, which are useful additions to the Apricot Village brands and series. 2 refers to the Great Health Industry Platform, which has bamboo leaf at its core.
Ye Qing is one of the company's core brands for the future, which is expected to grow in volume.
The price of $40-60 is a large single item that strengthens competition between the old and Panamanian products.4 Regional expansion has led to the implementation of the “1357” nationalization of the structure of marketing organizations in 31 provinces and + 10 immediate regulatory areas, both within and outside the province during the 1455s.
The share of revenue is expected to rise from the current 4:6 to the next 3:7, and as the company's layout is gradually completed, the product structure is optimized and the national layout is deepened and the scale is deepened.
Wine camp. We look forward to the renewal of the company's brand, the high brand of the company, the macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic, the consumption; the growth of the flower, which is less than expected; and the introduction of the food and beverages group.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.