According to Phoenix Network, on December 26, the company held a 2021 Global Dealer Conference to take stock of the company's business.
The results of the marketing reform, which looks forward to high-quality corporate development in the context of “new phases, new ideas, new patterns” The effectiveness of the marketing reform is evident, and radiation-led nationalization is promising. 1) The results of the reform: current companies have built a regional marketing organization structure of “31+10” with flat-level management and recruitment of staff.
1. " Performance meets expectations, concern is expressed about structural upgrading and the number of ex-company markets of 100 million yuan, 2944 distributors, millions of finals, nationalization results - 21q3 points of Shanxi wine " ,
2) Development path: The Western Rim is a traditional niche market for companies, which is radiated to the whole country on the basis of continued deep cultivation; the East/South China market economy is dynamic and the company will focus on capital 2.
The company also continues to optimize its marketing structure, insisting on the separation of prices, fees, and profits, and pushing for a healthy marketing reform.
In line with the company's five development ideas, which focus on branding, President Yuan has stressed the need to continue to work on the series, and to release the wine's head effects.
Convergence. Within the goal of further marketing reform, the three main indicators of the company are centred around flowering (the Saffron volume target, the Saffron 20 end indicator, the Saffron Leaders Group indicator), reflecting a stronger focus on the Saffron series for the company’s product strategy, with an expected acceleration in product structure optimization.
The company focuses on raising the value of the Saffron brand, gradually tilting its costs from the Bosun to the Renaissance, which is expected to continue with a 20-year growth rate of 50 per cent + and the Renaissance version.
Liu Xiaotsing, the risk of recurring epidemics, nationalization, macroeconomic downside risks, food safety issues, an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: