The rejuvenation of brands has led to a high rate of efficiency over time.
The company held its 2022 distributors’ congress to deploy the future direction. Because of the higher goals of the Saffron series, the price is 69.5, 49.3 and 36.9 times higher, the company, as the leader of the Qingixiang white wine, will continue to increase its brand value, the company’s product upgrading and the potential for national expansion, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
• Using brand strategy as the core value of the enterprise, investing in the development of a green flower strategy, and continuously optimizing the product structure
The three indicators are fast-growing, marketing real-time wine, nurturing consumer groups, making them profitable and promising. The 20-year-olds are in demand, the early recovery version is well-established, the 2022 series is expected to show good performance, especially high-end products, and the company’s profits are more likely than expected.
In 2022, the company will deepen its channels and accelerate the process of nationalization. In the Yellow River, the big base market is deep and sophisticated.
Consumer interaction, improved end-coverage, a year-long foundation, two years on the steps, three years on the steps, and a new growth pole outside the province. We believe that the company has a good foundation for nationalization, and that there is still much room for development in the future.
In 2022, the company will be able to take the lead in fighting, price defense, consumer growth and sustainable development.
Continuing, quarterly tax fluctuations affect profit growth - a high-quality distribution team divided; upholding the three principles of “price, cost, profit” and preserving healthy market behaviour. As can be seen, companies are improving their internal governance, operating at the corporate level, and external marketing is more focused on longer periods.
Corporate Information Updates - a high upward trend that continues and continues to evolve as an important guarantee driving companies through the cycle and sustaining growth. Profit elasticity highlights 2021.8.27