Performance is on track, semiconductor equipment income is growing at an accelerated pace, and advances in advance payments are high — the three-quarterly performance of the three-quarter review in North China in 2018 continued to grow high, with high levels of innovation in hand orders and a “recommended” rating maintained:
In the third quarter of 2018, the growth in corporate operating income and net profit from deductions was accelerated, with advances of $1.877 billion in innovation at the end of the three quarters. It is expected that domestic equipment will benefit directly from the process of nationalization of the equipment market by maintaining a high profile, with companies providing the best distribution of critical equipment in the country.
• The Māori rate continues to rise, the capitalization rate of R & D expenditure has increased and the amount of money received in advance has increased: same ratio +1.48 pct; net profit return in January-September increased by 110.12 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net interest rate on sales is 9.46 per cent; accounting policy for internal R & D expenditure, which we believe is increasing or predicting an increase in the capitalization of R & D inputs
At the end of the third quarter, the company received a total of $1,877 million in advance, up 66.1 per cent from the beginning of the year, indicating a significant increase in hand orders and sufficient potential for subsequent performance. The revenue from semiconductor equipment accelerated, the domestic equipment market continued to grow, and there was ample room for import substitution:
In January-September, corporate semiconductor equipment earned 1,214 million yuan, an increase of 42.87% over the previous year, exceeding the year 2017. The company maintained its absolute leadership in the area of general semiconductor equipment, while actively promoting the development and industrialization of high-end equipment and strengthening cooperation with downstream customers.
In total, there are nearly 30 pieces of equipment for storage in the winning Yangtze River, cutting equipment in the Huali II phase, cleaning equipment, sedimentation equipment, etc. The annual requirements for semiconductor equipment in mainland China are $11.8 billion and $17.3 billion, respectively, and the domestic semiconductor has a significant increase in profitability and the company has an import replacement.
The demand climate is far from global, and companies are expected to welcome good development opportunities for import substitution. “Holder in high-end semiconductor equipment, industry landscape, vacuum equipment growth momentum, and income growth in electronic components is positive:
High Affordability Growth continues with high growth. In January-September, the company generated $564 million in electronics, an increase of 3.82% over the previous six months, a positive increase over the previous six months. Vacuum equipment and electronics are expected to continue to contribute to the company’s performance.