The first three quarters of the company's revenues were 21.01.
Billion yuan, +36%; parent net profit, +110%; quarterly income, +40.04%; mother net profit, +81%.
According to the sub-operation, the company's main business semiconductor equipment received $1.21 billion, or 58 per cent, or +43 per cent, and benefited mainly from the industry's high profile. Semi predicted that global semiconductor manufacturing equipment sales increased by 10.8 per cent to $62.7 billion in 2018, while China sold $11.3 billion, or 49 per cent (all).
The company, as the lead in semiconductor equipment, has deep layouts in the fields of oxidation, membrane deposition, etching, and cleaning equipment, which will benefit from this wave of national production.
In 2017, the company signed a new order of more than $1 billion and is expected to still have at least $550 million in hand orders. Moreover, the vacuum equipment industry continues to expand the production of Lungi, a major client, and the market share is concentrated in leading firms, and the company is expected to hold it.
The operation of vacuum equipment will continue to make a profit by continuing to obtain the Lungi single-crystal order. Other major operations are: $560 million, or 27 per cent, of electronic components, compared to +4 per cent, with more stable performance; and $200 million, or –43 per cent, of lithium electrical equipment, mainly affected by the resale of orders.
At the end of the three quarters, the company received up to 1,877 million yuan, the ring + 21 per cent, the same year + 84 per cent, and has already generated 1.2 billion yuan in semiconductor equipment, which is expected to reach 1.8 billion yuan for the entire year.
The volume of goods amounted to $2.9 billion, with eight consecutive quarters of high innovation, which is a good indication of the company's future performance for some time. There has been an increase in profitability, a significant decrease in the cost of the period compared to +254 pt, and a rise in the profitability of the company driven by high-speed industrial development.
The ratio of capitalization of R & D inputs has led to a significant reduction in the cost of R & D by companies; the financial cost rate.
The company announced in August 2018 that the first stock incentive scheme was registered.
The number of stock options granted is 4.5 million, or 0.98% of the total stock value of the former company.
The launch of this equity incentive scheme has amply highlighted the importance that companies attach to the development of core technical talent and their confidence in the future development of the company, further driving the long-term growth of the company. Billion dollars, equivalent to 72/48/35x, maintain an “uptake” rating.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee