In the first three quarters of 2018, the company’s performance in the first three quarters: operating income of $2.001 billion.
The increase of 35.59% in the same year; the increase of $169 million in the same year; the increase of $706 million in the third quarter; the increase of 40.04% in the same quarter; the increase of $50 million in the same year
The company’s net profit growth in the first three quarters was mainly due to sales and orders and the increase in the volume of production compared to the previous year’s period. Of these, the first three quarters were the company’s semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment.
The combined annual revenue from this business is less pressure to meet performance targets in four quarters and throughout the year than in the same period last year. The company estimates a value of $76 million. Given the strong demand in the semiconductor equipment market, do it.
Business is expected to continue its high profile, and as the company’s product orders are released gradually, we expect that the year-round performance rate will probably be in the performance-led range. The company’s Māori rate is growing steadily, and the cost ratio of the top three is under control.
Point; as a result of the expansion of the company ' s production, increased borrowing has led to increased interest expenditure, with the company ' s financial costs being 1.54 per cent, an increase of 0.31 percentage points over the same period. Overall, the company ' s three-cost rate is under good control.
In recent years, the integrated circuits industry has taken the lead in driving upstream, with strong national support and a shift of global focus towards China.
Industry needs, and companies are the largest semiconductor equipment champions in the country, semiconductor equipment products, including, inter alia, etching machines, pvd, cvd, oxygen furnaces, spreading furnaces, scrubbers and mfc, and seven major types of semiconductor equipment.
Parts and components, covering a large part of the pre-conductor production process, with key process equipment, and a large share of the domestic market for many products. We believe that companies are expected to take the lead in investment promotion and national production turnover.
Profit forecasting and rating: Prospective rates of equipment in semiconductor industry, benefiting first, leading companies as the largest semiconductor equipment in the country, driven by investment pull and domestic substitution, are expected to gain market certainty