In the crystal circle, the gross profit from manufacturing increased by $7.5 million, or 136.40 per cent, on the Internet at a light-volatile flat price plus shhanghaiisec.
Quarterly revenues of 706 million yuan, an increase of 40.04 per cent over the same period; net profits excluding non-repatriation mothers of 1,873.2 million, and business growth in corporate profitability resulting from semiconductor and vacuum equipment operations
Basic data (201803) Corporate business plates include mainly semiconductor equipment, vacuum equipment, electronic component business, and reported data that the main drivers of growth in corporate performance are semiconductor equipment and vacuum settings
In terms of profitability and the quality of earnings, the company ' s gross and net interest rates for the first three quarters showed a turnover rate of 2.39 for the company ' s accounts receivable in the first three quarters, compared with 2.04 for the same period last year, and an improved turnover rate for the company ' s accounts receivable. Inventory turnover was 0.51, compared to 0.62 for the same period last year.
The company is a pioneer in the national production of semiconductor equipment, benefiting from the expansion of domestic crystal circle industries, the income structure (2018 q3) in terms of the company equity structure, the seven-star electric power of the Beijing National Investment Commission and the Beijing electronics aggregate.
According to the Semi data, new semiconductor production lines are expected to be added globally between 2017 and 2020.
62 articles, 26 of which are located in mainland China at 42%, are expected to reach $118,17.3 billion in 2018 and 2019 respectively. The company 28nm silicon etchings and pvd products are domestic technology leaders, cvd equipment, scrubbers, oxidizers, etc.
Inner leaders, clients including China-Cholel International, Shanghai-Way Rainbow, Wally, Wuhan-Ning, and other companies working together with Humpty-Hung, are expected to benefit from the nationalization of the storage industry, which will lead to a sustained increase in corporate vacuum performance over a large cycle of Internet access.
Since the introduction of the 531 policy in the photovoltaic sector, the cost of the chain of the photovoltaic industry has been significantly reduced by 30-40%, and it is expected that the follow-up policy will continue to reduce the “non-technical cost” and boost the speed at which the photovoltaic price will be posted on the Internet.
We believe that the photovoltaic industry is going through the bottom of the 531 policy, and the industry is turning around. In the photovoltaic sector, companies can provide single-crystal stoves for monosilica growth.
The company signed a contract in 2017 for the purchase of monocrystal equipment exceeding $1 billion with the company’s shares.
We believe that the business performance of the company’s vacuum equipment will continue to benefit from the gradual growth of the photovoltaic flat-priced Internet cycle, while research and development costs will be capitalized as a result of the advancement of research and development projects.
One hundred and thirty-one million dollars, representing a sharp decline from the previous year's corresponding figure of 348 million dollars, combines the above-mentioned reasons with the view of Zhang Yuen Weijin's research. Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.