Performance meets expectations, prior targets are overexpected and will benefit from the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre for strong alpha under two betas.
Summary of performance: company reports issued in the third quarter of 2018, with total operating income of $710 million achieved in the third quarter, an increase of 40.0 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit on repatriation of $50 million, an increase of 80.7 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit on deduction and non-repatriation of $12 million, an increase of 146.3 per cent over the previous three quarters of the company ' s net profit on repatriation of 170 million
The company’s advance payments increased steadily to $1.88 billion as of the third quarter, an increase of 66.10 per cent from the start of the year.
In order to meet the requirements of the sales contract, the company’s stock was steadily increasing, at $2.89 billion as of the third quarter, an increase of 42.04 per cent from the beginning of the year. To further meet the demand of the downstream market, the company was also purchasing materials for equipment expansion, with advances of $280 million as of the third quarter, an increase from the beginning of the year.
In 2085% of cases, we judge that the company’s semiconductor equipment has entered an accelerated break-out period, and that it will move in the future into a period of high income growth. Profitability continues to improve, and employee incentives provide alpha.
For 1.21 billion yuan, the share of semiconductor equipment is 57.6%, a further 0.6 pp increase over the 57 per cent reported. The company’s profitability has increased significantly, with a 9.5 per cent net interest rate on sales in the previous three quarters, an increase of 2.6 pp, and an increase in the net profit from non-repatriation > net interest rate > and an increase in the return interest rate >
This increase indicates a continuous improvement in corporate profitability. During the reporting period, corporate development expenditure amounted to $1.06 billion, an increase of 32.8 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, and increased investment in capitalized R & D, which presaged the company ' s intensive process certification phase of research and development of new products to provide continuous kinetic energy.
• China’s semiconductor investment has expanded backwards, adding up the national production rate to provide double beta. According to Semi, the average annual compound growth rate of global investment in equipment was only 4% between 2018 and 2020, while China’s portfolio of equipment was 42% annual compound growth, with domestic semiconductor investment as a backlash in low-growth conditions.
In addition, the North has achieved a zero-one breakthrough in many ways, has achieved large-scale national production replacements in several mature domains, and there is a steady increase in the penetration of state-owned equipment in the advanced areas, with North China creating a full-field front road of semiconductor (photovoltile, led, lcd, integrated circuits)
North China 2 (002371). There has been a marked improvement in profitability, taking into account the high profile of the semiconductor equipment industry in which the company operates, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
3. North China (002371): Big turning point in the big cycle, new dynamics in the new era (2018-04-13)
5. North China Corporation (002371): Integration of akrion, covering the main market for washing machines (2018-03-31) 5. North China Corporation (002371).
Assumption 1: the company as the upstream core of the semiconductor industry chain and as the leader of the domestic semiconductor equipment, the hardmask pvd, aipadpvd equipment has entered the mainstream chip generation plant in the country, and given the nearly 30 per cent R & D cost rate of North China, we believe that the next core product, cubspvd, will be expedited for adoption in the future;
On the assumption that China will be on the verge of an investment boom in a crystal circle plant and that 26 out of the 62 new global production mills from 2017 to 2020 will be located in China, and that since the crystal circle plant will be able to release large quantities of domestically produced equipment later on, we believe that 2018 to 2020 will be a year of national production, with national production equipment orders entering an intensive period;
Assumption 3: The company acquired the United States company akrion, which further refined the cleaning machine market; moreover, as chip production moves to more advanced stages such as 14 nano, 10 nano, 7 nano, there is a 15 per cent increase in the cleaning process, and no direct or indirect compensation will be obtained either for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.