The spring season has generated positive feedback on sales, and the consumer scene has accelerated recovery — a study on the dynamics of Ocean River Shares (002304.sz).
During the Spring Festival, the blue classic sales feedback was excellent.
The market has returned to about 90% of the pre-epidemic period, and the following February-March is expected to compensate for sexual consumption. On January 30, the company launched the “60 days of drying, taking over the door” spring tide, which revolves around the general requirement of “five-strength up”, that is, marketing power.
Continued upgrading, continuous upgrading of brand power, continuous upgrading of product strength, continuous organizational strength, continuous improvement of security, and an exhibition around the “Five to Good” goals, i.e. marketing for the long-term good, brand for the long-term good, product for the better.
Long-term, long-term, well-organized, long-term, secure, and long-term. The company’s six main visions for the future: first, m6+ is the engine of the future (through the big platform, small circle layouts, the import of non-labels and post-publishing, increased brand power), through
M6+ Release achieves two objectives: sales above $10 billion for both calibres and financial calibres; second, the 400-500-dollar price band for the m3 crystal bottle, the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky.
The sales in the two ditches are expected to exceed 10 billion; fourth, the Guizhou Liquor (which was acquired in June 2016) is expected to grow faster by a single piece. fifth, it is expected that the wine market will be divided by the classic wine of the ancient past and by the introduction of new products that will enrich the bottle of wine.
Sixth, the depth of nationalization is in progress and is expected to rise from five or five in and out of the province to four or six.
The Food and Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.