Incidents: On 24 October, the Bank of Peace published the three-quarter report for 2022. The company’s first three quarters of revenue/bank of peace began a full-scale transition to retail banking, starting in 2016, with 10.9 per cent, 25.8 per cent and 13.5 per cent annual roe, an increase of 1.65 pct, as follows:
In the first three quarters of the year, there was an 8.7% increase in the same year.
Large personal customer base, strong brand influence, broad net profit increases by 25.8% over the same year, and the ring is almost equal to 1h22.
(b) Non-promotion of retail transformation and the creation of leading smart retail banks to provide interest income by 8.7 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of increased investment returns, while fee revenues decreased over the same period
Strong core competitiveness support 12%. At the end of the expenditure, the cost income was 26.4% lower than the same year, with 1.4pc lower and operational effectiveness improved; and the provision was more modest in the context of stable quality of production and adequate provision (credit impairment loss is the same)
On the whole, scale expansion, cost savings, and provision for counter-replenishment have contributed more to positive returns, supporting a steady increase in net profits. Let the profit entity, and the previous three quarters, have a smaller margin of interest, and optimize the structure, and a single-quarter interest gap ring than a small one.
The first three quarters net interest differential was 2.77 per cent, with a narrow rate of 4bp per year; interest-bearing asset returns fell (same-12bp); companies were also active in optimizing the debt structure, reducing the cost of the liability and reducing the cost of the interest-bearing liability (same--7bp) from a single season.
(i) Asset end: affected by the build-up of the supply and demand of loans under lpr in August, bank lending pricing has moved down: three quarters of a safe bank loan yield ratio down by 6 bp.
Credits were strongly invested and asset structures optimized; loans at the end of September accounted for 64.8 per cent and 1.3 pct higher than at the end of June, partially easing downward price pressure. (2) End of liability: 3-quarter interest rate increases by 3 bp, cost rigidity; peer liabilities follow market interest rates further
Lines (5bp, 8bp, respectively, for joint liabilities, bond issue rate ring); combined, interest-bearing liabilities have a flat interest rate; asset quality remains robust, and risk offsets are better. At the end of September, the rate of non-performing bank loans was 1.03 per cent.
Ring ratio +1bp. Of these, the negative rate for public real estate is 0.72%, with a 5bp drop in the ring; policies for three quarters of bottom housing property continue to be scaled up and real estate credit risk pressures are reduced. Given the low share of companies in public real estate loans, the expected impact on overall asset quality is manageable.
The positive rate is 0.32%, ring + 2bp, and asset quality is stable. For forward-looking indicators, the focus on lending rates is on the group's overall financial advantage. 1) The client side: group customer migration continues to advance... to contribute high-quality customer resources to the company. 2) The science and technology side: the group values science and technology and continues to increase its investment through sharing groups.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn Science and Technology Resources can effectively enable bank retail strategic transformations. 3) Product side: Reliance group finance s1480521070003
The Bank of Peace adheres to the “Five Ones” new business model, integrated banks, i banks, remote banks, underline banks, open banks, etc.
Integrating services, taking advantage of a combination of financial and technological excellence, and maintaining a customer-centred focus, has led to a robust growth in retail operations. Retail customers aum aum aum at the end of September, up 11% from the end of the previous year. Of this, private sector customers aum aum grew from 12.1% to 1.58 trillion at the end of the previous year. Retail sales are expected to drive zero.
In recent years, the Bank of Peace has continued to do its best.
Public lending, on the one hand, exits excess capacity, high-risk industries, stock-based assets, and, on the other hand, tight controls on growth and selection of industries, customers, and products. The Bank of Peace focuses on the digitalization of industry, capital markets and direct financing of the two main tracks, fostering and making a strong core of customers; and, on the other hand, increasing its focus on manufacturing, specialization and innovation.
Private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises, rural revitalization, green finance, infrastructure, etc.
90 per cent; PSM balance of $473.953 billion, an increase of 24.0 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, with credit groups accounting for 22.3 per cent; new PSM weighted average interest rates granted in the previous three quarters were lower than last year Investment proposal: We believe that the “retail transition + public refining” of the Bank of Peace is expected to drive profitability
Figure 1: Net profit of the Bank of Peace in the first three quarters increased by 25.8 per cent over the same period. Figure 2: Net profit of the Bank of Peace in the third quarter increased by 26.1 per cent over the same period. Figure 3: Discriminating performance of the Bank of Peace in the first three quarters.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: 10.8 per cent increase in bank loans at the end of September, 11.0 per cent increase in deposits at the end of September.
Fig. 6: At the end of September, the Bank of Peace set up a relatively flat coverage ring, a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, a source of Eastern wealth and prosperity.
Liam, Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, England. Years of experience in banking, history of gold securities, sea-ton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reported a steady increase in revenue and a stable quality of assets, which does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.