The credit structure is optimized, the entities are effectively served, the profitability is robust, and the business resilience is evident.
The net profit return is equal to the margin, plus 0.8 pct, plus 0.2 pct, and the profitability is rising steadily. Dismantling of revenue consists of interest income in the first three quarters of 22 years, net interest income is equal to +8.7 per cent, and the ring is consistent with the high growth trend in other non-interest income in the first three quarters, which is equal to +51.9 per cent.
The same rate of decline - 12.0 per cent, but the positive layout of the new business track is showing positive results, resulting in agent insurance income \triangleright \triangleright
Research assistant credit support in areas of high-quality development, such as Bowen Exhibition, led to lower interest rates on loans, reduced financing, sustained deepening of inclusive financial innovation, support for micro and small enterprises, credit balances for inclusive micro-enterprises at the end of September 22nd
Amounted to $47.39 billion, compared to +24 per cent at the end of the previous year; the balance of private loans was 75 per cent of the balance of business loans compared to +15.5 per cent at the end of the previous year.
The sum of 51.2 billion yuan has been earmarked for the benefit of 1.03 million farmers. Actively implementing green finance, September 22nd, 2. Peace Bank ($00001.sz) reported in its first quarter of 2022, with a balance of $10.5 billion in green loans, compared to 52% at the end of the previous year.
3. Peace Bank (000001) 2021 provides a detailed explanation: Treasury assets are stable in quality and real estate risks are manageable. 22q3 Bad Rate Ring +1bp, Provision cover Ring +0.2 pc, Concern Ring + 17bp to 1.49%, Asset quality is generally robust and risk offset capabilities are in place.
In real estate, the risk is manageable. As of 22q3, the rate of bad loans to public real estate by the Sino-Safe Bank was 0.72 per cent, the ring ratio was 5bp, distributed mainly in the first and second-line urban areas and the Grand Bay and Long Triangle areas; housing mortgages; investment proposals: smooth quality of assets, active support entities.
In the first three quarters of 2022, there was a steady recovery in the profitability of the Bank, and the quality of assets remained generally sound and real estate domain risks were manageable. Credit growth was maintained in double digits, and financing support for the focus areas continued to be increased. Figure 1: The Bank’s performance up to 22q3 increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 2: Net interest income as at 22q3 and rate of increase (cumulative) in median and year-on-year ratios as at 22q3
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.