3x50.sz.
Incident: Mid-2017, mid-2017, reported by Samurai, a 25.23 per cent increase; net profit of $513 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a year-on-year increase.
The company ' s performance in the first half of 2017 was in line with expectations, achieving operating income of $4.28 billion, of which domestic sales achieved about 55%. Sub-products, benefiting from the continued high temperature of the traditional refrigeration industry, the refrigeration business unit sold $2.51 billion, an increase of 22.84% in the same year, and the Maori rate stabilized at around 32%.
The corridor operation generated $674 million, an increase of 19.88 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate rose to 32 per cent (as compared to the increase in the demand for cruises, which contributed to a significant increase in the company’s main business).
So far, three zeros have been injected, starting with August 2017. The company has a clear advantage in the new energy engine, heat management technology, and it has been supplying Tesla since 2010 as a first-tier supplier of parts and components of Tesla's heat management system. The company has taken over three Teslamodels.
The project, and through Honda, the certification of many large-scale car manufacturers in the United States of America, commonly and at Fortelle. The injections will become a new driver of corporate performance growth, the new energy car heat management system will open up the company's business.
The main customers of the company are Mercedes, General, Cars, Biadi, Wall, Gang Suzuki, Steam, Gas, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Farreaux, and others. More than 14 million growth valves and more than 9 million receptacles were sold throughout 2016.
And the temperature valves are 1.37 million. The company's traditional auto parts manufacturing business is mature, and we expect to continue to guarantee a financial cost increase of more than 200 per cent in the first half of the year as a result of the company's exchange gains and losses. The company anticipates 28 times, 21 times, and 19 times the price of pe in the year and 2019.
The authors of the Institute’s sales team, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association, ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels, and that the data are distributed among the users.
The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the present report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party ' s approval or approval.