Net profit increases, asset quality improves The first three quarters of a business bank ' s net return profits grew by 5.6% over the same period, performance increased and asset quality improved.
The first three quarters of a business bank saw a 5.6 per cent increase in the first quarter of the year, followed by a 5.8 per cent increase in the third quarter and a 1.6 percentage point increase in the second quarter.
Provision and taxation. Growth in performance increased in the three quarters, mainly as a result of an increase in the provision of anti-breeding and a slower growth in operating income. The previous three quarters saw a 0.1 per cent decrease in revenue on a year-on-year basis and a 8.3 per cent decline in a single quarter on a three-quarter basis.
The growth rate of interest income has slowed. The improvement in asset quality, the increase in asset impairments, the growth in contribution performance, steady growth and broad-credit-led credit expansion have increased significantly at the end of the three seasons, with total assets growing by 11.7 per cent and loans increasing by 12.2 per cent.
The rate of increase increased by 12.1 per cent over the year, as did the rate of increase in deposits. 3 quarters of net interest differentials or decreases, slightly slower growth in interest income.
Bank of Commerce and Industry: A robust harvest with a thicker provision. 202,2504 S.H.I.E.L.A. Repeated outbreaks and economic downfalls led to a deterioration in asset quality that was more than expected; regulatory controls were more than expected.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Banks: large State-owned banks ii Business and Industry banks achieved a net return profit of $26.58 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 5.6 per cent over the same period, with net interest income increasing by 3.2 per cent over the same period.
Net income from fees increased by 0.3 per cent over the year and operating income decreased by 0.1 per cent over the year; net interest differentials by 1.98 per cent; total assets at the end of the season grew by 12.5 per cent over the beginning of the year; loans grew by 10.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; deposits grew by 13.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
The first three quarters of business banks saw a 5.6 per cent increase in their net return profit compared to the previous quarter, an improvement in their performance and an improvement in the quality of their assets. While maintaining firm support for steady growth and broad credit and concessional entities, firms maintained better profit growth, reflecting a strong customer base and a 5.6 per cent increase in the net return margin of business banks for the first three quarters, followed by a 5.8 per cent increase in the first quarter of the third quarter of the same year after tax, a two-quarter increase.
Increase by 1.6 percentage points. The contribution of performance in the first three quarters came mainly from size, provision and taxation. Three quarters saw an increase in performance, mainly due to an increase in the provision of anti-breeding and a slowdown in operating income. The previous three quarters saw a decrease of 0.1 per cent in year-on-year receipts, 8.3 per cent in quarter-on-year decline in quarter-three and a 10 per cent slowdown in quarter-on-year growth compared to quarter two.
Quality improvements in assets, equal decline in asset impairments, growth in contribution performance, and smooth credit allocation. Steady growth and broad-credit-led credit expansion rates are consistent with central bank disclosure of credit data, with industry expanding significantly at the end of the three-month period, with total assets growing by 11.7%.
Loans grew by 12.2% on a year-on-year basis, with deposits increasing by 12.1% on a year-on-year basis. By ring, total assets, loans on deposit, net interest spreads or decreases in three quarters, interest-bearing income growth slowed slightly.
At the end of the third quarter, the negative rate was 1.40%, a decrease of 1 bp from the previous quarter; according to our calculations, the rate of annual negative growth in the third quarter was 0.37%, which is a recurrent and over-expected fall of the epidemic. Banks are more relevant as procyclical industries, corporate business development and economic development. Macroeconomic development affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation has intensified since 2021, while continuing to direct banks to make concessions.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of the bank ' s profits either by making the profit policy supermarket or by affecting the performance of the bank.