New S.S. (002001) Pharmacy Organisms perform as expected, vitamins rises to the top, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: A 19-year performance report by the company, yielding operating income of $7.607 billion, a 12.4 per cent decline in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $2.218 billion, a 27.95 per cent decline in the same year. q4 Q4 business income of $1,841 million met expectations and q4 price decline had a limited impact. Vitamin supplies recovered gradually in 2019 and industry was restructured.
The average market price for the company's main vitamin varieties was $360/kg, down 50%, and the average price for ve was $45/kg, down 25%, which led to a decline in the company's performance. But the price has risen, it has been stable, and its operations in spices, proteins, and apps have developed rapidly in recent years, increasing the company's overall resilience to risk.
The q4 price of v. v. v. v. v. v. q4 below the price of the Q.C. drops in relative to the Q.P.P. in a single quarter. The domestic epidemic has delayed the resumption of work in vitamin companies, and the contrast between the supply and demand of vitamins is more pronounced than in other chemical products: at the end of the supply, China is the world.
Major vitamin-producing countries, where there was a general stoppage during the spring season, and epidemiological factors that led to a general delay in the resumption of work, market mismatches, demand ends, inadequate pre-industrial supplies from overseas producers, and the accelerated digestion of stocks. Currently, ve offers $64/kg, 2% bio-fuels offer $325/kg, with an increase of 42% and 242%, respectively, compared to the previous section.
Considering that the vitamin landscape is expected to continue, and that, on the one hand, the accelerated recovery of pig production and the steady recovery of the demand for pig feed are expected, on the other hand, the competitive pattern optimized by dsm, which integrates special technologies, and has accelerated the recovery of profits, on the other hand, and that the supply and demand gap in the industry will continue due to shortages in the supply of plants such as Helgano and Corinthians, among others,
Ten million tons, an increase of 10 yuan/kg, a corresponding increase of 300 million yuan, a 2 per cent biomass capacity of 6,000 tons, an increase in the price of tons of pine amino acid, and the Heilongjiang Biomass Project, are expected to start production in the first half of 2020...contribute to the company's performance, optimize the business structure and open up the space for growth.
Three hundred and eight hundred and eighty-nine million dollars, corresponding to seven hundred and fifteen times the amount of pe. Vitamins is rising, the Pygmy project and the Heilongjiang base are about to come into operation, and the company will be able to grow up in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
(a) ve industry integration is desirable (2019-08-22) assuming 1:va, ve, full biogenesis;
Assumption 3: 50,000 tons, 100,000 tons, 150,000 tons in 2019-21. No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, and will not be obtained for, specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.