CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
10%
Jiangsu Hengli Hydraulic (601100 CH)
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BUY (Maintain)
2020E earnings above market expectation; Solid structural growth story
Target Price:
RMB143.00
(Previous TP
RMB114.40)
Hengli's released a positive profit alert yesterday stating that the net profit in
Up/Downside:
+21%
2020E is expected to surge 58%-77% YoY to RMB2.05-2.30bn. The mid-point
Current Price:
RMB117.75
(RMB2.17bn) is in line with our estimate of RMB2.18bn but higher than the
consensus of RMB2.06bn. We believe it is a positive surprise to the market. We
China Capital Goods
revised up Hengli's earnings forecast in 2021E/22E by 4%/6% (9%/7% above
consensus), after revising up our sales volume assumption. We believe the next
Wayne Fung, CFA
catalyst will come from a strong 1Q21E sales. We raise our TP to RMB143, based
on 65x 2021E P/E (50% premium to the historical average of 43x).
■ Profit surprise in 2020E. Hengli's net profit in 2020E is expected to surge
58%-77% YoY to RMB2.05-2.3bn. This implies net profit of RMB575-828mn
Stock Data
in 4Q20, up 52%-118% YoY. The earnings growth was driven by strong
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
153,706
downstream demand (excavator) that boosted the sales of hydraulic cylinders,
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
pump and valve, market share gain, as well as the reduction of SG&A expense
137.66/29.24
52w High/Low (RMB)
Total Issued Shares (mn)
1,305
ratio.
Source: Bloomberg
■ We forecast a solid growth of excavator demand in 2021E. For the industry
Shareholding Structure
as a whole, major manufacturers of excavator delivered sales volume of 328k
units in 2020, up 39% YoY, according to CCMA. In 4Q20, excavator sales
grew 61% YoY. In 2021E, we expect excavator demand to grow 10% YoY
(industry), driven by infrastructure spending growth, continuous trend of the
substitution of labour and wheel loaders.
Share Performance
■ We expect Hengli to deliver strong sales in 1Q21E. We estimate Hengli
production volume of hydraulic cylinder (for excavator) surged 75% YoY in
Jan. Besides, we expect the production volume of pump, valve and motor to
Source: Bloomberg
remain strong. Based on our new assumptions, we forecast Hengli's sales
volume of hydraulic cylinder (for excavator) to grow 20% YoY in 2021E, while
12-mth Price Performance
sales volume of pump and valve to grow 40% YoY.
Structural growth trajectory remains solid. We forecast Hengli's market
share in hydraulic cylinder to increase from 50% in 2020E to 59% in 2022E.
Besides, we expect pump & valve for large-size excavators, as well as non-
standardized hydraulic components for various industries will serve as key
drivers over the coming few years.
Key risks: (1) Slowdown of construction activities; (2) risk of overseas
expansion; (3) increase in raw materials cost.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: RSM
CH, BUY)) - Solid share gain story
for both short and long-term; Raise
CH, BUY) - Expect a strong 3Q;
Robust demand in Oct .: Raised
China Construction Machinery
Sector - Four Structural drivers to
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 1: Change in key assumptions
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: CCMA, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
We raise our TP to RMB143 from RMB114.4, based on 65x 2021E P/E (50% premium to
the historical average of 43x), up from 55x previously. We continue to believe that a
valuation premium is justified due to improving earnings visibility. First, the competitive
landscape is favourable for Hengli to achieve further import substitution across different
products. Second, Hengli's growth has become incrementally more structural rather than
cyclical. We believe the re-rating will continue and the turning point will only emerge when
the room of import substitution becomes limited, which we expect is less likely to happen
in 2021E.
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.