July 30th, 2018: An excellent push by Sindha. Securities industry perspective: the results of the taxonomy evaluation and the continuation of industry differentiation.
On 27 July, the CSRC published an evaluation of the classification of securities companies for 2018, which increased by 24 and decreased by 4. Forty-eight coupons were rated as a category, of which 12 were rated as aa and 28 were rated as aa. The scale of the securities firm ' s operations, profitability, risk management capacity and compliance management were relatively high.
In the short term, market risk preferences will remain the same, with the logic of increasing concentration in medium- and long-term industries. The new rules of governance may increase market risk preferences in the short term, with equity equity interests.
The new rules, although looser than before, do not change the principle of breaking the cash and de-settling, and therefore do not constitute a substantial benefit for securities management operations. Because the lack of a strong new growth point in performance has led to a significant increase in profitability and tight regulation has limited the scope for rising industry valuation levels, the long-term stock elasticity of bonds will be significantly reduced than in the past.
[Excellent Push] is a weekly industry product that combines policy foresight, market hot spots, industry depth and is of great value to investors seeking absolute returns.
This period [excellent push] combination: Eastern securities (600958).
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, build one, invest a lot, and manage the industry’s leaders. In terms of the company’s business revenues, self-employment and management are relatively high, compared to other listed companies in the industry.
In 2017, the net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management operations were $5,528 million and $1,977 million, respectively, representing an increase of 54.65 per cent and 123 per cent, respectively, in Sinda Securities. The company ' s investment management capacity is excellent and is in the forefront of the business in portfolio investment, asset management, fund management.
CindaSecuritiesco.ltd's fully-owned subsidiary, the Eastern Asset Management Agency, has grown steadily and has gained a stronger edge in proactive management. In 2017, the size of the management of the company's assets was increased by the size of the assets entrusted to the company.
Of the 2,14,392 million yuan, an increase of 39.12 per cent over the same period in the previous year, the scale of active management was 200 billion yuan, up to 98.02 per cent, far above the average amount of water in the securities management industry, and the Eastern Censorship was ranked first in the net income industry in which the management of assets was entrusted.2 Capital continued to grow, providing strong support to the business. In 2017, the company successfully completed a build-up and raised $11,58 million, further empowering the public.
Through three consecutive years of equity financing (a stock listing, h stock listing, a stock non-public), combined with the issuance of debt instruments such as corporate bonds, foreign debt and the company’s own profitability, the company’s capital strength is rapidly increased, its market competitiveness and risk resistance are enhanced, providing firm capital security for the transformation of the company’s business and the development of innovative business. By the end of 2017, the company’s total assets stood at $231,860 million and its net assets stood at $53,501 billion, steadily crossing the line.
But we believe that the main reason is that companies earn more from their own business. Given their higher share of self-employment, they are more resilient than other companies listed in the industry.
On 27 July, the CSRC issued the evaluation of the 2018 classification of securities companies, in which a total of 12 coupons were rated aa and companies were ranked aa in 2017. The rating increase was conducive to net capital savings for bond dealers and to a reduction in the amount paid by the Securities Investor Protection Fund, thereby increasing corporate profits.
Related studies: First Coverage: Self-Finded Specialized Bonders - An In-depth Report on Eastern Securities (2016.8.18), Self-Lowing Companies - An Eastern Stock Exchange (2016.8.30), Self-Lowing Profit Levels and Higher Corporate Flexibility (2017.4.10), Self-Governance Performances, Comparing Performance, Financial Industry Studies since July 2014. Multi-dimensional research experience of international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry. Interactions with mainstream media, such as Xinhua, are frequent.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) with the qualifications of the CSRC-approved securities investment consulting business. This report is produced and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for client signatories who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not intended for public distribution.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investments indicated in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investments should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.