August 27th, 2018, Shinda's brilliant push. Securities industry perspective: six months of distinct performance, leading coupons.
By the end of last week, a total of 16 a-equity issuers had published their first six-month performances, with a sharper overall differentiation: the six-month performances of multiple coupons were poor, with only some of them showing outstanding performance. Six coupons achieved positive growth in business earnings, with Shanxi securities, Sino-Sin securities and King-Tai An increasing by more than 3 per cent; only China and Shin realized a positive increase in net return profits for all magnanimous sources, at 12.96 per cent and 0.76 per cent, respectively.
In the short term, market risk preferences and the logic of increasing concentration in medium- and long-term industries remain unchanged. The new rules may in the short term raise market risk preferences and equity.
The lack of a strong new growth point in performance has led to a significant increase in profitability, strong regulatory restrictions on the scope for rising industry valuation levels, and long-term market equity elasticities will be significantly lower than in the past. Different innovation policies, such as off-the-shelf options, a share integration with msci, and increased market-based competition as a result of the liberalization of licensing, will enhance the competitive advantage of the front-runners, and, in the long run, industry concentration will continue to rise, suggesting a sustained focus on industry leaders and some niche bond dealers.
Market hot spots, industry depths, are one, and there is an important reference value for investors pursuing the current [excellent] mix: Eastern securities (600958).
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, with one to two shares per period.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market, building 1 with a strong investment capacity and managing industry leaders. In terms of corporate income, self-employment and management are relatively high and more resilient than other listed companies in the industry. In 2017, net returns on corporate investment and the management of entrusted clients ' assets were $5,528 million and $1,977 million, respectively, up by the same margin.
54.65% and 123%. The company ' s investment management capacity is excellent, and it is in the forefront of portfolio investment, asset management, and fund management. On a scale basis, the size of the fiduciary assets management of the wholly owned subsidiary of the Public Trust Securities Company Ltd. has steadily increased and its proactive management advantages have been further enhanced.
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd 2,14392 million yuan, an increase of 39.12 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Ping, the E.C.O. was ranked first in the net income industry in the management of assets.2 Capital continued to grow, providing strong support to the business. In 2017, the company successfully completed a stock build-up, raising $11,058 million, which further boosted the capital strength of the Department.
By the end of 2017, the total assets of the company amounted to $231,860 million, the net assets amounted to $53,501 million and the firm ' s elasticity of performance. The performance report showed that in the first half of the year, the parent had achieved business income of $3,038 million and a net profit of $1,410 million, down by the same margin.
59.87 per cent and 92.69 per cent lag behind the industry. But we believe that the main reason is the higher share of corporate self-employment income. Given the higher share of corporate self-employment, it is more resilient than other listed companies in the industry.
An Eastern Stock Exchange (2016.8.30), a self-sustained profit level, high corporate performance elasticity (2017.4.10), and self-management performance, performance and comparison) have been in charge of financial sector research since July 2014. There is a multi-dimensional research experience of international and domestic, macro-strategy and industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.