Decline in self-sustained performance, leading revenue management industries 03/09 2018: Eastern securities released in mid-2018, with companies achieving operating income of $4,277 million in the first half of 2018, a 7.59 per cent decline in comparison; net shareholder affiliation to parent companies
The main reasons for the performance of the Eastern Securities Division (600958.sh) in the first half of the year were a significant increase in management income and a strong proactive management advantage. In the first half of 2018, the net return on corporate investment and the net income from entrusted client asset management operations were 26.62, respectively.
First Coverage: Self-Owned Proprietary Bonds - Eastern Certificates is in the vanguard of the industry. On a scale of scale, fully owned subsidiaries of companies have steadily increased the size of their fiduciary asset management, and proactive management advantages have increased further bond depth report 2016.08.18
The share of self-employed companies in the decline in corporate profits — the Eastern Stock Exchange Reporter was as high as 98.23 per cent, far above the average for the securities management industry, and the Eastern Securities Manager was ranked first in the net revenue industry in the management of the assets entrusted to him.
Self-sustained profit level, high corporate elasticity, profit projection and rating: we expect Eastern securities to achieve operating income of $7,757 million, $8,901 million and $10 billion in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively: Camp management performance, significant improvement in performance.
Net profits attributable to the parent company of $2.320 billion, $3.256 billion and $4.140 billion, respectively, corresponding to 0.33, 0.47 and 0.59 per share, Vi Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd.
In July 2014, China’s financial sector was studied by comparison of the 9th House of the City Street in Beijing’s West Side. It has a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy, and industry. It interacts with mainstream media such as Gwang and Xinhua.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.