July 23, 2018: Shinda's brilliant push. Securities industry perspective: a short-term view of market risk preferences and the logic of increasing concentration in medium- and long-term industries.
The year-on-year figures for the listed issuers fell significantly in June, with a cumulative year-on-year decline in the previous six months. Thirty listed issuers published the month-on-month business data (the parent's caliber), following a significant upturn in their performance in May. A total of 11.730 billion yuan was collected, with net profits of 3,459 million yuan, representing a decline of 11.88 per cent and 29.90 per cent respectively in the ring. By year-on-year growth, the decline in the number of large issuers, such as Sino-Kin, Shin Man-Hung, Taijun-Aan, Hae-Tung, and Hiroshima, was smaller than the total.
The short-term view of market risk preferences and the logic of increasing concentration in medium- and long-term industries remains unchanged. The new rules may in the short term raise market risk preferences and equity.
Differentiated innovation policies such as cdr, a share integration with msci, increased market-based competition due to the liberalization of license plates will enhance the competitive advantage of the front-runners, long-term industry viewing (excellently) industry product, policy foresight, market hot spots, industry-deepness, pursuit.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value.
The period is one to two shares. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is followed by an evaluation, and if the offer is made, the reasons are given.
Investing capacity and managing industry leaders. In terms of the company ' s business revenues, self-employment and management are relatively high and more resilient than other listed companies in the industry. In 2017, net returns on corporate investment and entrusted client asset management were $5,528 million and $1,977 million, respectively, up by the same amount.
54.65 per cent and 123 per cent. The company ' s investment management capacity is excellent, and it is in the forefront of portfolio investment, asset management, and fund management. On a scale, the size of the firm ' s fully-owned firm, CindaSecuritiesco.ltd, has steadily increased the size of its fiduciary asset management and its proactive management advantages.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which is 2,14,392 million yuan, represents an increase of 39.12 per cent over the same period in the previous year, of which the size of the management initiative was 20 billion yuan, or as high as 98.02 per cent, far above the average water in the securities management industry, with the Eastern Censorship being ranked first in the net income sector entrusted with the management of assets.
In 2017, the company successfully completed a build-up and raised $11,058 million, further empowering the public sector in terms of capital. Through equity financing (a listing, h listing, a non-public distribution), combined with the issuance of debt instruments such as corporate bonds, foreign debt and the company’s own profitability, the company quickly increased its capital strength, increased its market competitiveness, its resilience to risks, and transformed its business,
At the end of 2017, the total assets of the company amounted to $231,860 million and net assets amounted to $53,501 million, steadily crossing 3 and looking to the company’s performance elasticity. According to the performance report, the first half of the year saw the parent company achieve a business income of $3,038 billion and a net profit of $1,410 million, a decline of 59.87 per cent and 92.69 per cent, respectively, which is behind the industry.
It is also more flexible than other listed companies in the industry. It is expected to improve corporate performance if market conditions are warmer.
The securities industry focuses on the company Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) with the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.