Corporate review study — Real estate industry, 2021 04.07.
In March, the company made up hundreds of millions of yuan. In January-March, the cumulative sales amounted to $17.94 billion, with 11.4 million sales.
The market area was 42.95 million, an increase of 13.6 per cent in the same year; the contract value was 62.84 billion yuan, and Wang Qiuquan, in the month, the cumulative contract area was 11.43 million square metres, an increase of 24.8 per cent in the same year as in 2020.
The increase of 19 per cent over 2019; the cumulative contract sales of $17.94 billion in January-March, and the 100-percent bill of the same month-by-month scale, and the second-largest sales in January-March 2021 and the amount of cash on the payroll of Huanko, respectively, continued the steady growth of January-February.
In March, the company added 11 new development projects with a surface area of 2.04 million, or +45.4 per cent, and a geodemographic strength of 0.2 per cent, which is higher than last month.
Three-line cities, 51.7 per cent in terms of land, and 48.3 per cent in three-line cities; the top three cities are Dongjun ($3.2 billion), Suzhou ($2.37 billion) and Wenzhou ($1.62 billion).
The Division is ranked second in the country by 80.1 billion in March. Companies are financially sound, with low financing costs, with only slightly more than 70 per cent of the assets and liabilities on the three red lines after pre-receipts have been removed, and are expected to become green houses in one quarter, with a greater probability of increasing the pace of land acquisition in the future.
The financial structure continues to be optimized, the advantages of financing are highlighted, and diversification continues to break out. As of 2020, the company [Galactic Real Estate] rated the real estate industry as having a short cash debt of 2.3%, temporarily in the yellow slot, and is expected to meet all of the targets in the first quarter of 2021.
a (000002.sz): Sales in January reached a new high during the same period, with a continuous breakthrough in the areas of property management, commercial property and logistics property, with an expectation of speed _ 2021.2.6
A platform-based development strategy is beginning to yield results and is expected to translate more into cashierial profits in the future. Investment proposal: a steady increase in sales during the first quarter of Manko, with a steady pace in land acquisition, taking into account the firm’s sound financial position, low financing costs, sufficient cash in hand, and projected land
Under the “two-centre” system, land prices will gradually return to rationality, with sufficient cash available in hand for companies to gain more resources in the core urban land market and more likely land strength in the future. Companies have a strong stock of unsold and unsettled resources, and I have a high level of future performance.
Figure 1: Size of the company ' s sales in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year Figure 2: Value of the company ' s sales in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year Figure 3: Size of the company ' s sales in the single month and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 4: Monthly sales of companies and year-on-year figures Figure 5: Average sales of companies and year-on-year figures Figure 6: Average monthly sales of companies and year-on-year
Company data - location: Figure 7: Size of land taken by the company in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year. Figure 8: Amount of land taken by the company in the calendar year and rate of increase in the same year
Figure 9: Proportion of annual land acquisition rights, Figure 10: Annual land acquisition intensity, Figure 11: Monthly land area of companies and year-on-year ratio
Figure 12: Monthly amount of land taken by the company and comparative figures Figure 13: Ratio of monthly land rights of the company Figure 14: Monthly strength of land taken by the company
Company data - debt-related Figure 15: Indicators related to the Company's Three Red Line I undertook to present this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report. The Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream chains.