Corporate Review Study  Real Estate Industry 0404, 2021, Managing Dividends, Under Exploration, Lead the Way
2. We analyze and judge the price-limiting policies of a second-line city and the impact of high-value projects on corporate profitability during the settlement period.
Still down the road. Under the policies of the Three Red Lines and the Two Focuses, land price increases are expected to be contained, combined with the firm's in-house performance in business management, with a long-term view of (ii) a robust growth in sales, a strong pool of available resources and high completion rates.
The company achieved 46,675,000 square metres in 2020, a 13.5 per cent increase in the same year, a 17.4 per cent increase in the same year and a 13.0 per cent increase in the settlement income of $37,742 billion.
New construction is planned at 31,484,000 square metres, a decrease of 20.5 per cent over 20 years of actual completion; construction is completed at approximately 33.817,000 square metres, an increase of 12.4 per cent over the previous year, and planned at 101.9 per cent at the beginning of the year.
The amount of the outstanding resource contract was $698.15 billion, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the same period, and the company's future performance was assured with the peak completion of the project. (iii) Financial soundness, which is expected to be reduced to “green” housing in the first quarter of the year
With regard to the “triple red line” indicator, the asset-liability rate of the company after the withdrawal of the advance payment was 71.7 per cent, a decrease of 4.8 pct from the previous year, which is expected to be reduced to the “green line” in the first quarter of this year. Corporate operating cash flows of $53.19 billion, 12 years in a row, reflective of the company's excellent financial management capacity and, in the context of the current industry, its strength and ability to face future changes.
(iv) The number of non-development businesses has increased, many of them are industry leaders, and the positioning of the cloud has been upgraded to a “spatial technology service provider” with a leading position, both in terms of size of management and scope of operations.
A total of 14.24 million hours have been opened, with the overall rental rate for start-up projects exceeding 95 per cent. The operating income for commercial (including non-aggregated items) was $632 million, an increase of 4.33 per cent over the same period, and the overall rental rate for start-up projects was 87.4 per cent.
The country ' s largest consolidated cold-chain logistics service provider, with a revenue of $1.87 billion in 2020 (including non-aggregate items), increased by 37 per cent in the same year, of which $1.29 billion was earned by the high-value bank, an increase of 29 per cent in the same year; $580 million, an increase of 60 per cent, was earned by the same year.
Annual growth has grown on a larger scale, with synergies between operations and future corporate valuations growing as non-resident businesses go to the market. Against the backdrop of the industry’s transition from the “financial dividend” to the “managing dividend” era, companies have sunk through years of business management.
Capacity is particularly valuable, and companies have made clear their own development path and future implementation plans, and continue to move on the path to excellence in management. In 2020, they achieved a double-digit growth under a large sales base, with strong unsold resources and a peak in completion that will guarantee their performance over the next two years, and they are expected to fall into “green” housing by the first quarter of this year.
And a number of non-resident businesses are in the harvest period, and the platform value is high. We expect the company to return its share of net profits in 2021-2022. Figure 1: 10,000 cola operating income and the same rate of increase. Figure 2: 10,000 cola net profits and the same rate of increase.
Figure 3: Māori, three rates and net interest rates on sales in Vankoa
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
To date, the Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream industrial chains.