Development and business parallel development, sustained recovery of management dividends, robust business performance and healthy financial performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre. In 2020, the company achieved $41,911 million in revenues.
The cost of corporate finance is at a steady low level in the industry, with a credit rating at a high level of development: sales in the cities where the tods are deep-farming and the city is looking for a new blue sea. In 2020, corporate housing sales amounted to $70.41 billion (+11.6 per cent), and companies followed a city-deep strategy in 43 cities.
The sales were in the third highest position and the average price of the sales remained stable. In 2020, the company added 3.36 million floors, the price of the floor was 6710 yuan per flat, the company’s land price remained stable and focused on the core cities, the focus on the urban cluster project, the market renewal business, and, tod, the company had run the "tod 4-type development model" and continued to upgrade the complex.
In terms of development and operational capabilities; in terms of urban renewal, companies are working to upgrade and revitalize the project. Property operations: three major space lanes are being cultivated, and the industry is working to become a technology service provider.
In 566 million areas, 47% of which come from the non-Henn faculties, companies are in the forefront of the business, with a clear competitive advantage. The company’s business layout is constantly improving, with community, business and city service lanes, company residential property services, commercial goods and facilities services, urban services, community life suits.
It has contributed 55%, 29%, 6%, 5%, and 5%, respectively. The cloud has been digitally built, bpaas services, smart hardware, space oss and product solutions, four types of operations, providing technological empowerment to property partners. The company has served 3,051 residential property projects, etc.
There's a lot of scope to expand the company's business in the future, and there's a lot of scope to expand. Quite a variety of business: it's getting better, and it's leading the way down. 1) Indian Group: In the wake of the epidemic, in 2020, the company's business was running at $6.3 billion, with a new business area of 1.29 million, and it's in the pipeline.
A total of 14.25 million parties (including 9.9 million already operational; 4.35 million under construction and size), receiving and in-pipe area into Top3; 2) 10,000 latitude logistics: billion yuan (+37 per cent) of logistics available for sale in 2016-2020, with companies becoming the homelines of domestic logistics, with much room for growth in the future; and (3) 3 million
In 2020, Vankoa was the country's number one in terms of the size of the Vankobo apartment, with a cumulative total of 142,000 opened and opened.
Taking into account the company’s deep-deep industrial management dividend, the non-house industry leads by maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
3. Vankoa (000002): The main industry is robust, with multiple giants showing dividends (2020-08-10), and the non-house industry leads by maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Delivery was lower than expected, sales and returns were lower than expected, and diversification was less than expected.
Residential property services Business property and facilities services — smart city services — self-contained third-party projects
Figure 19: The Group has a strong technological capacity for a number of operations.
• All-encompassing clouds: initial development of bpaas export capacity and iot connectivity • 10,000 latitude logistics: building intelligent logistics platforms Lease dwellings: intelligent security community, business process saasization
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.