Quick, the value of the holdings is still to be released
In 2018, the company upgraded its position to one of the three most dynamic economic circles in the country’s economy and to one of the key cities in the central and western parts of the world.
“Rural and urban construction and life service providers.” Profitability is still on the decline, largely due to residential development. Net profit rate of 14.2% in 2020, followed by two years of decline, a fall in post-tax Maori rates and a fall in stock prices are two of the main factors that drag net profit rates.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The projects prepared for stock collapse are all located around the Rimking. In the management of the dividend, the company’s ability to hold fees increased by 13.51 billion yuan, an increase of 171.1 per cent over the same period, and reduced the downward pressure on profitability to some extent.
We believe that the company’s revenue is slightly lower than expected, that it has sold its outstanding resources well, and that it will increase or exceed expectations in the future, but that the settlement of the Māori rate through land comparison is still on the decline. The growth rate in residential sales is expected to increase further in 2021, and the leverage target is expected to fall back to green.
Reserves and degenerative rates have not gone down significantly, and we expect sales to increase even further this year. At the end of the line, owners’ interests are expected to increase further, and the target will probably return to green, achieving full compliance with the three red lines.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom provides a solid basis for taking advantage of the opportunities of the land market. After removing the unsold portion, and considering the resold ratio, the company can sell the earth for less than two years.
And companies are expected to replenish their land reserves against the cycle of capital costs and leverage.
In the case of holding operations, short-term capacity is given priority, continuing to refine business models and maximize market value in the long term. Companies have a long-term attitude towards holding operations, emphasizing synergies between operations, and it is conceivable that in the future Vanko will be a platform company with competitive advantages and long-term co-existence of different operations, and will be marketed at the right time.
In terms of housing, commerce, smart urban services, community life services, and growth of everything, two state-owned high-technology companies, Shenzhen Man and Mansi, are now in the top position in the industry, with 566 million m2 in the management area. In 2020, they earned 18.2 billion yuan, the first in the total calibre, with a 27.4 per cent increase in the same industry, and 34 per cent in the last five years. In terms of long-term rental apartments, companies have accumulated 142,000 apartments, the largest in the country, with a total rental rate of more than 95 per cent.
With regard to business development and operations, the company has accumulated a total of 9899,000 m2 and generated $6.32 billion, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the 4.3 per cent figure of the total construction area of Miga City, Shanghai-Shangyang City, Shanghai-Shang-Imaging City, 40 per cent of Shanghai-Shanghai shops and the latest concept store, and 300,000 passenger currents and 25 million sales on the first day of business.
Seven million mi, with a 37 per cent increase in full-calibre operating income from the 10,000-latitude logistics project, of which a high price pool of 1.290 billion is an increase of 29 per cent. Noi from the high price bank can meet the basic return requirements. We believe that if the bottom assets of future public collections are incorporated into commercial real estate and rental housing, and the quality of the assets is added up, the company is expected to gain both development and business, and the three advantages of the “money man” are still evident.
In 2021, housing sales are expected to increase even further. In many of the holdings, both in terms of quality of assets and business capacity, the industry is at the forefront. The three advantages of the “channels” are clear: high turnover and leverage, and constant focus on the mainstream production of second-line cities.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Vankoa (00002): The development of masters has accelerated, the value of holdings is still to be released.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation report Vankoa (00002): Development of master efficiency acceleration, holding business value to be released.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.