Airpods are strong, 5g plus new energy-led connector demand rises, sophisticated future growth is achievable - Quarterly Review Report 002475
Date: 28 October 2020 First quarter of 2020, companies achieved business income of 59.528 billion yuan, an increase over the same period of the previous year www.luxshare-ict.com
57.33 per cent; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $4.68 billion, increasing over the same period the previous year; significant increase in uncertainty about end-use intentions; increasing trade friction and technology decoupling in Central America; and unprecedented challenges to global industrial chains.
During the reporting period, companies were able to perform well in wearing their businesses; sophisticated system encapsulation processes continued to perform at a high level; the technical capabilities and advantages of products such as high-speed transmission, power sources, etc. were continuously consolidated; and the lines of electronic zero components of automobiles were steadily developing.
The strong market value of the circulationa shares (millions of yuan) contributed to a significant increase in performance: since the trend of tws headphones in the market, airpods, as the most popular product for purchase, have achieved high growth in their volume.
In the first two quarters of 2020, the volume of global tws headphones came from 43.8 million and 82 million, of which the airpods series accounted for 41 per cent and 35 per cent, respectively.
The experience and product advantage of the encapsulation technology led to rapid entry into the precision assembly collar area of the airpods, which became the main supplier of the airpods, raising their market share to 70 per cent in 2019. The continued high sales of the airpods became an important driver of corporate performance growth.
The introduction of the applewatch business is expected to provide a medium- and long-term performance driver for the company: in addition to the airpods business, the company is also an important supplier of the applewatch zero component. In 2020, the company continued to go deep into the apple industrial chain and moved into the applewatch mechanism
Applewatch. Although the volume of cargo is lower than the volume of airpods, the single machine value is about 2 to 3 times that of the first report of airpods (002475), and the overall market size is equal to that of airpods. At the same time, companies can supply it.
An overall profit margin level is even more significant than an airpods. Applewatch fixes operations, or will provide companies with a combination of Wireless chargers, watch belts, crowns, sip wrapping, etc.
Xia Qingxing, followed by an increase in performance after the airpods.
• The 5g era and new energy sources are expected to drive long-term connector demand: in recent years, as the 5g network continues to advance, China ' s 5g base station has grown rapidly and has leapfroged to the top of the world, and the number of 5g base stations has increased exponentially over the 4g period, and the connector is an important component of the base station equipment.
In addition, in recent years, the development of new energy vehicles has provided new areas for the application of connectors, which, driven by a new technological revolution, are becoming electric, network-connected, intelligent and growing trends in the automobile industry.
The market size of the power connector continues to rise. Risk factors: the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, the risk of a global 3c demand decline due to the epidemic, and the risk of an airpods pro selling less than expected.