The new business is expected to make an important contribution.
The company published a three-quarter report for 2020, which achieved operating income of 595.28 in the first three quarters, an increase of 57.33 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net return profit of $4.679 billion, an increase of 62.06 per cent over the previous profit forecast ceiling.
Our analysis and judgment: (i) We can wear high-growth products, and the company's performance is more than anticipated, wireless headphones and smart watches remain fast-growing.
A series of major suppliers, Airpods, with a share of more than 60%, officially entered the apple watch assembly sip business in 2020. The firm’s performance continued to grow rapidly and slightly outpaced previous market expectations, driven by strong product availability. At the same time, it benefited from the company’s output.
The excellent performance of the product mix and excellent product performance, with the company ' s three-quarter Māori rate rising to 22.4 per cent, and its R & D cost reaching 1.9 billion, representing 8.2 per cent of the revenue generated, shows the company ' s confidence in the unincorporated stocks of technology and new products.
With the increasing sophistication of the handheld headphones and the applewatch health function, smart and wearable products will continue their rapid penetration trend and companies are expected to continue to benefit. (ii) Business boundaries are expanding, opening up long-term growth space.
In July of 2020, the company acquired the Altitude Corporation, opened the iphone, computer assembly business, and officially opened the langammillo in August.
With watch and cip operations, the company is also a new generation of apple wireless chargers, Magsafe, and the business frontier is expanding, building up a sophisticated manufacturing platform around apples that is leading the industry. And based on the company’s cutting-edge manufacturing and efficient management capabilities.
Companies have also been making breakthroughs in areas such as non-apple consumer electronics and auto electronics, and in the future they are expected to be leading electronics manufacturers around the world.
The company’s downstream market demand is strong, expanding its business boundaries, and is expected to continue to perform well.
"Intelligent: Acquisition of the Geostationary Company for electronic assembly, with a “recommended” rating. Business as it grows, is expected to continue to be excellent."
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives of this report. Macro-level grasping, top-down mining of the different links in the chain, investment opportunities that exist in different industries; and deep understanding of the industry’s climate and changes in the chain of industry, are better placed to grasp the marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: to tap potential investment targets from a unique perspective.