The company released a three-quarter report for 2020: $23,076 million in revenue in the third quarter, a year-on-year increase.
40.75 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 2,142 million yuan, an increase of 54.44 per cent over the same period. The overall performance of q3 is expected to increase and profitability is expected to increase steadily in 2020. The company ' s semi-annual report foresees a split between net profit zones of q3. The inventory at the end of the reporting period was 16,092 million yuan, an increase over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to new materials.
Some $2.7 billion in additional materials, about $2.4 billion in stocks of new finished products, and about $1.7 billion in additional stocks of additional offshore production. Businesses are expected to be well under way, with new operations and new product layouts continuing. Companies will be able to do so during the reporting period.
Wearing operations are well under way, with excellent product quality and efficiency performance; sophisticated system encapsulation processes continue at high levels and product delivery progresses well as expected; high-speed transmissions, power sources, etc., technological capabilities and advantages are continuously consolidated; and car electronic zero product lines are steadily developing.
While developing and optimizing existing products, companies continue to pay attention to the consumption and layout of new electronic products, new businesses, and continue to increase their R & D inputs, at a cost of $1,998 million for q3 R & D, an increase of 45.33 per cent over the same period.
Credentially limited or combinated electronics are to be set up for India with up to $92 million in cash replenishment for full-time use on the 14th of the month, by fully-owned companies with limited access to electronic co-investments, using market prices as a standard on November 6, 2020.
This replenishment will help to enhance India’s capacity to run and produce, and help companies to reduce the risks associated with changing international trade. Consumer electronics end-use demand falls short of expectations; and there is a decline in demand for products like cars, communications, etc.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.