Performance met expectations, and the industrial chain continued to expand - Quality Report (002475.sz) for the third quarter of 2020 Company rating: increase (maintenance)
1. The performance of the first three quarters of 2020 was in line with expectations and benefited from the rapid growth of consumer electronics. The company released its three-quarter report in 2020, which generated revenues of billions of yuan, an increase of 40.75 per cent over the previous three quarters and a net return to the mother of 2,142 million yuan.
The business is going well. The company can wear the business, the product quality, and the efficiency statement.
The company now accounts for more than 1 of the share of airpods, a sophisticated in-depth study - a multi-programming area.
60 per cent, based on stock of iphones, currently less than 15 per cent penetration of airpods and further ecological improvements, with an expected output of 2 in 2020, 20 and a half years of sophisticated press reports - short-term industry
To 100 million, that's a 50% increase. New products like iwatch, magsafe are more certain about performance, and new products like long-term growth paths are expected to increase corporate profits further.
3. Stock availability has increased somewhat, the frontier of leading companies has expanded, and future growth is expected to continue well. There has been a certain increase in stock over stock, based on factors such as the volume of new products produced by companies and the expansion of capacity abroad, and an increase in the availability of new materials.
At $2.7 billion, the stock of new finished products is increased by about $2.4 billion, and the capacity of offshore production is expanded by about $1.7 billion. Under the company sales plan, new materials are to be made available for up to $92 million in cash replenishment in India, designed to boost printing.
In the case of consumer electronics, the new 20-year-old airpods and iphones are expected to be on the market on schedule, as smart equipment upgrades and product excellence rises.
Consumption of electronic business income has risen steadily. New products such as acoustics, radio frequencies, motors, opticals, etc. have expanded in line with expectations. Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components are early business at the company ' s pc end, with the change of smart terminals and the transformation of the company ' s business centre, which accounts for a decline in the share of the main business, which is expected to be collected in the future.
The company ' s layout connectors, antennas, etc. were partially integrated into the core manufacturer ' s supply chain system, and with a 30 per cent growth in business income over the three-year period, the Māori rate for the 2020e - 2022e operation remained stable as car interconnectivity products and sophisticated components
The company has continued to invest in research and development in the area of automobile interconnection, and the business has grown rapidly in recent years, and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate with the increase in the level of digitization of automobiles and the availability of new energy vehicles. Other connector operations are relatively small in proportion to the removal of connector products from the major subdivisions mentioned above.
The lead company, with its new downstream customers, is expected to further improve its performance and maintain an increased rating. Schedule 1 profit scale (millions of dollars) is open to compliance. The logic of the report's analysis is based on one's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes that no third party is involved.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.