The industry goes up, the one-stop layout opens up the imagination, the glass-plate conglomerate is growing and making a better whole. The company’s main business is still made of consumer electronics windows and visual protective parts.
The product is widely applied to medium-end smartphones, tablet computers, laptops, smart apparel devices, digital cameras, players, gps navigation devices, car instruments, smart homes, etc. Windows or back covers. The company is the world's leading glass protection panel.
Clients are known brands of consumer electronics such as Samsung, lig, Amazon, Microsoft, Nokia, Huahua, Opo, vivo, Mi, and Solution. Companies collected hundreds of millions of dollars in 2017, an increase of 70.07% over the same period.
The share of protected glass, new materials and metals is 71.01%, 10.76%, industry and industry, respectively, and is relatively profitable. According to the company’s business objectives, the company is aiming to increase its operating income in 2018 by 30% over the previous year, with net profits increasing over the previous year.
Two-sided glass and 3d-curled glass are showing trends, and companies are gaining a huge growth space. Smartphones have traditional metal-based shell material, but with innovations in wireless charging, full screens, 5g, etc., the requirements for signal transmission and design require non-metallic materials.
The demand for and replacement of metal materials is increasing, and the current use of glass materials is relatively extensive and mature, and the industry and the company will come to a larger market and growth space.
The core technology and technical know-how for the production of glass-protected products is technologically advanced, and the supply capacity is strong. Double glass and 3d-coated glass market space is expected to reach 86 billion yuan and 110 billion dollars, respectively, this year and next year.
In the first half of the year, China's product plates were published and produced in large quantities, with many using both front and back glass, and 3d glass.
In the second half of the year, the consumer of electronics will be the end-staters, apples, mills, and Hua, who will be issuing new product-driven small-size protective glass shipments, which we believe will gradually rise.
There will be a marked improvement in performance, in the electronics area of diversified layout, building a one-stop service capacity.
These include: (1) the company ' s access to Horne sonics and its long-term commitment to the design, development, production and marketing of electronic acoustic products, the main products of which are micromics, voice recognition modules, speakers/phones, wired/wireless headphones and smartphones, etc.
In the area of acoustics, future operational synergies will be beneficial. (2) The company, in collaboration with the Nissha company, has developed technology and production capabilities, and has co-financed the Sunshine Technology (Long Sand) Ltd., which is responsible for the production of dito contact sensors. (3) The company has a joint venture with the national china material.
Long Salance National Ceramic New Materials Ltd., which works in depth in the area of consumer electronics nanograde oxidium material, consolidates and expands the company’s pre-existing advantages in the field of precision ceramics. The company moves into other areas to foster new profit growth points and provides a boost to the company’s performance.
Profit forecasting and rating: Consumer electronics now have a configuration value when demand for small- and medium-sized protected glass markets is on the rise as a result of increased demand for signal transmission and design, corporate growth continues to grow and certainty prevails.
However, given that a large number of company start-up stock restrictions will be lifted on September 18, 2018, Figure 1: p/eband Figure 2: p/bband