At a steady pace, the rapid growth of capital-type loans has led to the stabilization of public deposits, the high quality of assets, and the growth of credit strategies. (2) The growth of capital-based loans (1h22 vs. public loans) is high in Chengdu banks.
Five types of capital loans account for 62 per cent of public loans and 36.4 per cent of public loans. Broadening micro-coverage and dynamic retail credit. (1) Optimizing the system of “banking” products, extending micro-products from urban to provincial coverage; actively working with third parties to hit supply chain finance
New growth points are created. (2) Housing loans are limited, other loans are growing at a high rate (housing loans/consumable loans/economics)
9% (assuming that the gdp deflator is 3%, the nominal gdp is at the same rate of increase and loans) and the ratio of loans in Chengdu Bank has gradually risen to 7%, and the total inverted loans have increased by 2022 - 1225.95 billion rwa) as a solid basis for follow-up credit. 1h22 is poor.
Macroeconomic over-expected contractions, domestic epidemics, higher-than-expected deterioration in the quality of loans, a high rate of return driven by high-quality versus public loans, retroactive development of Chengdu banks driven by capital-to-public loans and mortgage loans, asset quality
Profit structure: On the revenue side, net revenue from 1h22 interest increased by 8.3 per cent over the year, by 23.8 per cent as a share of revenue and management fees and by 45.3 per cent as a share of expenditure; credit impairment loss decreased by 12.1 per cent over the same period, as a share of expenditure by 25.5 per cent.
The combined share of revenue (47.6 per cent) is low in the listed city comptoirs, supporting the achievement of a high profit margin (44.6 per cent).
Housing loans and consumer loans are growing steadily, and business loans and credit card loans are growing explosively.
Figure 6: Corporate operating management fees and credit impairments as a small proportion of revenue, supporting high profitability by 2 bits and a strong silver margin, driving high loan growth, real Gdp acceleration target of 6 per cent in Sichuan Province's 14th Five-Year Plan, and projected nominal gdp acceleration
At 9%, the growth rate of loans is consistent with the increase in nominal gdp. The proportion of loans in Chengdu banks is gradually increasing, with an all-round effect on the population. In 2016-2021, the combined rate of growth of the permanent resident population in the city was 5.89%, followed only by Changsha in the capital city. In addition, in 2022, the talent attraction index ranked the highest.
The sixth place among all cities shows a clear advantage in attracting talent. In terms of income, the per capita Gdp per capita in Chengdu and the per capita disposable income of urban residents have increased at a higher rate than the national rate since most of 2012.
Many strategies are pursued. The city benefits from development strategies at different levels at the same time, such as the Sichuan Province “14th Five” Plan, the National Programme for Integrated Stereo-Technology Networks, the Plan for the Construction of the Bi-City Economic Circle in Sungjung Region, the “14th Five” Plan for the City, but from the point of view of the theory of economic growth, it can be summarized as follows:
Human capital, investment and innovation, covering both traditional and emerging industries, and the evolution of the Stereotyped Economic Circle Chart 19: A map of the economic landscape of the Chengdu region Chart 20: Strategic support: human capital, investment and innovation, covering traditional and emerging industries, and the evolution of the Stereotyped economy
The two-city economic circle in Sungjung is divided into two central cities (Changqing, Chengdu) and seven regional centres (Eibin, Da, Siangyang, Deyang, Le Shan, Yu, Nanchang)
At the end of 2021, the sum of gdp, which is $6.65 trillion, accounted for 81.4% of the sum of Gdp in Sichuan Province and Chongqing City, and supported the growth of Chengdu bank loans. With the exception of Dazhou, Chengdu Bank has established branch-level institutions in all the other cities, if the assets of the branch offices are held locally.
Gdp, or the ratio of the loan balance, measures its competitiveness, which increases marginally in most regions.
On this basis, the Bank invests more heavily in industrial estates, urban organic renewal, eco-environmental protection, etc. In addition, the liabilities depend on the deposit of financial deposits, which, due to time constraints in the financial bidding process, are pre-paid.
The share of public loans in the capital sector is high and of excellent quality. At the rate of increase, corporate loans have been growing at a high rate since 2018. As at 1h22, corporate loans amounted to $34,959.79 billion, an increase of 38.4 per cent, with loans for rental and business services increasing by 51.0 per cent, and water, environment and public utilities increasing by 51.0 per cent.
Management loans increased steadily by 25.3% over the same period. Structurally, five categories of capital-related loans: (1) leasing and business services: (2) water, environment and public facilities management: (3) electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply: (4) transport, storage and postal services: (5) science
The total share of R & T services operations exceeds 60% of public loans. In terms of quality, apart from the low rate of lending to real estate, scientific research, and technology services, there is an increase in the poor rate of lending to all sectors.
• Hongleongbankberhad to Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd.
• Chengdu Industries Capital Holdings Group Ltd.