Chengdu Bank: three dividends released, growing up, research assistant Cao Chinan, research assistant Wang Yijun
It is the first city commercial bank in Sichuan province, which has been “digitized, refined, retailed” since 2019.
Under the three main strategies, the Chengdu bank transition has been remarkable, with the growth rate in 2021 ranked first in the city’s comptoirs, 4th and roe. The Chengdu bank’s successful backlash benefited from the region, resources, and three dividends, combining the natural regions, the resource dividend, and the advantages of subsequent operations, thus increasing customer stickyness.
▪ First, the regional dividend: the region’s economy has taken root, and rich government resources have laid a solid foundation for Chengdu banks to expand their assets, stabilize their liabilities, and core customers. In 2020, the urban circle rose to become the city circle.
A national strategy, with Chengdu banks on board the regional economic development bus, was rapidly rising. By 2021, the capital bank had 72.3 per cent of its node layout in Chengdu, with 71.9 per cent of its credit going to Chengdu, fully enjoying the regional development dividend. At the asset end, business loans accounted for about 70 per cent of the total, in capital construction and rental and business services.
At the end of the debt, Chengdu Bank is one of the wage-distributors banks of government departments and some business units, with a large amount of demand deposits, which in 2021 accounted for 76.0% of the debt, while current deposits accounted for 44.4% and kept the cost of the funds low.
• Second, the resource dividend: to find a quasi-strategic position that transforms deposited government resources into sustainable market competitiveness. At the end of the asset, Chengdu finds growth points that are compatible with its own development and transforms resources into sustainable advantages. This is a major reason for Chengdu banks to win the industry and the big deal. At the end of the asset, Chengdu.
Banks extend to a wider range of industries, for example through the development of “specialization, standardization, localization” credit products, combining business, taxation, municipal resource services, small and medium-sized micro-enterprises, and investing in industrial finance, financial innovation, and microfinance.
▪ Third, the operational dividend: three strategies continue to advance, asset quality improves, and income structure is optimized.
There has been a significant improvement in the quality of capital bank assets since 2015, a decline in the rate of “bad + concern” loans for the sixth consecutive year, a high quality of assets in government operations, a slight improvement in the quality of public real estate loans, and a steady growth and a stable real estate policy that will keep asset quality high in the future.
Nearly 80% of the revenue comes from interest income, and there is much room for large retail transformation.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: three main advantages are continually released and growing in time.
Inwards, retail operations and middle incomes have potential, and the advantage of low-cost indebtedness continues. We predict a 26-carriage counter-attack path by the Chengdu banks, with a clear transformational effect, leading the city's comptoirs.
Chengdu Bank was established in 1996 as the first city commercial bank in Sichuan province, formerly the Chengdu Bank, in 2007 to introduce best practices in risk management, asset liability management, etc. Downside risks were exposed in 2015-2017, and companies experienced a period of ambush. Until the new management came into office in 2018.
In 2019, the company launched a three-year strategic plan to transform its strategy of “digitization, fine-tuning, large retailing.” In 2020, in the context of the widespread impact of the epidemic on the banking sector, Chengdu bank assets, operating incomes and negative growth were among the leading commercial banks.
As of 30 June 2022, the first, third and fifth shareholders of Chengdu Bank were state holdings. The first shareholder was a financial holding group, Ltd., which was set up to consolidate local financial resources and enhance the competitiveness of local financial institutions.
The second largest shareholder is the Bank of Hong Kong, Malaysia, which holds 17.99% of the shares. The company actually controls the capital bank, which holds 30,03% of the shares directly or indirectly.
Senior executives have a great deal of experience in local government and big businesses. Chengdu bank management has a great deal of experience in banking, financial regulators, finance, and so on. On the one hand, Chengdu local banks, long-term workers, are in the top three positions in the credit markets, and on the other hand, the leaders of the major banks are in the middle of dealings with large corporate clients and governments.
More experience on the part of clients directly contributes to the business development of Chengdu Bank. In addition to the President, Chengdu Bank has a number of vice-presidents and assistant bank directors from local banks and regulators. 1.2. Status of Chengdu banking: rapid scale expansion and high profitability
By the first quarter of 2022, the total assets of Chengdu banks were 83.780 billion yuan, the eighth largest in a stock-city comptoir, an increase of 17.4 per cent in the same year, and in 2021, Chengdu banks achieved business income of 17.890 billion yuan, an increase of 22.5 per cent in the same year, increasing at the fourth place in a stock-city comptoir.
At a high level, performance rose to 17.6 per cent in 2021, consistently above the median of the upper-market comptoirs, of which 2020, figure 7: Chengdu ' s weighted average Roe in the top of the stock market in 21 captures three dividends and unlocks growth space
The Chengdu bank benefits from the regional development dividend, and the infrastructure front provides a solid foundation for the Chengdu bank to expand its high-quality assets and focus on its core clients. More importantly, the Chengdu bank finds growth points that are compatible with its own development, transforms the deposited political resources into a sustainable market-based competitive advantage, solid foundations for public and retail business, and forms a “basket of protection”
2.1. Regional dividend: The rapid rise of Chengdu as a new front city in recent years offers significant opportunities for the rapid development of Chengdu banks.
In terms of investment, since 2020, the country has been making a major contribution to the construction of the bi-city economic circle in the region, and by 2020 increased investment in the capital sector in Chengdu, the priority of which is Chengdu 2022.
The project ' s total investment amounted to 2.5 trillion yuan; on the part of the human capital sector, the resident population increased by 20,947,000 persons in 2020, a significant increase of 4.36 million persons. The rapid rise of Chengdu has led to business growth in financial institutions in the jurisdictions, with the average growth rate of 9.8 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, in the lending balances of the capital institutions in 2020-2021, maintaining a high level of growth.
Looking to the future, as one of the central cities of the twin cities of Chengjun, the upgrading of regional strategic positions will bring significant regional advantages to Chengdu banks. In industrial planning, Cheng City proposed, at the 13th and 9th plenary sessions, the creation of electrical information, the equipping of two trillion class clusters of industries and biomedicines, green foods, new materials, energy conservation and environmental protection.
In the context of regional development, Chengdu bank is expected to capture the policy dividend, further leverage its local financial advantages, expand its operations, restructure its operations, and achieve high-quality business development.
The Chengdu Bank, which is based on Chengdu, has a regional dividend. By the end of 2021, the Zingdu Bank was in Chengdu, where 72.3% of the net points were deployed, and 71.9% of the credit went to Chengdu, where the Chengdu area dividend was firmly captured.
Only Chengdu banks and Chengdu comptoirs have assets of more than $500 billion, which are significantly better in volume than other banks. At the same time, Chengdu banks focus on the metropolitan area, where the Chengdu comptoirs are concentrated, with a distinct core client base.
2.2.1. At the end of the spectrum: Quality government resources have a strong demand for public business and low-risk growth in public assets
Business loans have benefited from a close relationship between Chengdu’s government, which accounts for nearly 60% of the government’s loans, represented by capital and rental and business services, and have continued to grow. In late 2021, Chengdu’s bank had a balance of $16,911 billion in loans for capital and rental and business services, 59.4% higher than real estate, construction, etc.
Industry accounts for 54.4% of the growth in the same year, and the capital is dominated by local governments, with leasing and business services directed to local government finance platform companies and leasing companies, demonstrating the wealth of government-related business resources in the capital bank. In addition to government loans, the capital bank converts resources into sustainability advantages and invests in industrial finance, innovation finance, and smallness.
The Chengdu Bank promotes organizational innovation, promotes the “specialized institutions + professional teams + specialized letters” service model, and develops the “one-round-one-region programme, one-stop shop” financial services model. In addition to the Parliamentary Secretary's loan portfolio, the Chengdu bank extends to a wider industry, developing a portfolio of “specialized, standardized, home-grown” credit products.
For example, “Creating Loans” is a tripartite partnership between the Silver Government and the City Bureau of Science and Technology, led by Chengdu Bank, Guarantee Corporation, development, security through equity relations, intellectual property rights, etc., free of physical collateral, free of fiscal discounts, and adequate incentives for governments, enterprises, financial institutions, and a break with micro-enterprise financing. In addition, the Chengdu bank has designed a token.
By the end of 2021, there had been an increase of 46.26 per cent in the equivalent of the ratio of S&T-based SMEs and MSMEs, respectively.
In the case of individual loans, there has been a steady decline in the percentage of individual home purchases since 2018, especially since the adoption of the new regulations on the centralization of real estate loans in 2020, where the percentage of individual home purchases dropped to 86.6% at the end of 2021, a decrease of 6.9 percentage points from 2018.
The share of deposits in liabilities is at the forefront of the city’s comptoirs and is dominated by public deposits. In 2021, Chengdu bank deposits accounted for 76.0 per cent of liabilities, ranking second in the stock market. Deposits were passive, stable, and were high-quality. Structured, by the first quarter of 2022, there were 56.1 per cent savings in Chengdu banks, a decline of 2.7 million compared to the late 21st year.
In the early years, companies focused on government accounts, and in the capital city banks, the bulk of the region’s fiscal funds was awarded to one of the wage-distribution banks that became part of the provincial government and some of the enterprises.
While the current rate has been declining since 2018, with 44.4% of Chengdu bank current deposits in 2021 versus 60.3% of public demand deposits, the fourth and second largest comptoirs in the city, respectively, have deposited low-cost funds for banks.
By bringing together core customers, large retailing is advancing steadily. Also, thanks to b-end resources, which have led to a broad-scale c-porter and “large retail” strategy, the steady growth and increasing share of individual time deposits has helped to build up customer stickyness, provide differentiated services, and open up business growth points such as personal consumption, financial management, etc.
The percentage of fixed-term deposits in the budget is more than 70 per cent. Figure 24: Structure of capital bank deposits since 2016 Figure 25: Growth and increase in the percentage of individual fixed-term deposits in the capital bank
2.3. Operating dividends: Three strategies continue to move forward, asset quality improves and income structure optimizes with greater potential, as the three strategies of Chengdu banks, “digitized, refined, retailed” are in place, profound changes in business processes and a shift in digitization towards a digital transformation of Chengdu banks around “five categories of users, ten main directions, four pillars”.
To drive the transition to digital banks, smart banks, using technology such as big data platforms, artificial intelligence, and client portraits, to improve the efficiency and quality of retail lines of operation. On fine-tuning, Chengdu banks drive organizational innovation, connect lines, and focus on clients.
On loans, a special set of funds, such as the Technology Branch, the Business Branch, the Green Finance Branch, the New Economy Branch, has been set up.
In the area of large retailing, Chengdu Bank promotes the professionalization of its clients, products, channels, and teams on the basis of the savings industry by screening its target customers, strengthening its management and developing its products.
2.3.1. Quality of assets: overall high quality, with a small upturn in bad public real estate The quality of the assets of the capital bank has been improving since 2015. The loan rate for “bad + concern” and the rate of overdue loans have been declining for the sixth consecutive year. As of the first quarter of 2022, the rate of “bad + concern” of the capital bank loans was 1.36 per cent, compared to 2015.
Reduction of 4.6 percentage points at the end. Increased risk prevention, provision coverage, high quality of government business assets and poor performance in public real estate lending as of the first quarter of 2022. For the public sector, the most important capital and rental and business services sectors were only 0.2 per cent of non-performing loans in 2021.
The rate was 1.18 per cent, an increase of 1.17 percentage points from the end of the previous year, mainly affected by the downside of the real estate sector, while other risks were mainly concentrated in smaller sectors such as residential services, repairs and other services, but generally less open. Retail-type loans accounted for 86.6 per cent of individual home purchases in 2021, with a poor rate of 0.3 per cent, roughly the same as at the end of the previous year, and personal consumption loans and loans.
Operating loans are 19.4 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively, of which the poor rate of operating loans is decreasing year by year. The business structure: relying on interest income, there is a wide scope for intermediate income development.
Operational structure: High reliance on interest income, with greater scope for optimizing the income structure. In the first quarter of 2022, net interest receipts were 79.43 per cent of operating income in Chengdu banks and 74.2 per cent higher than the median of a stock-city comptoirs, with a lower share of middle-income operations, and 3.93 per cent in the first quarter of 2022, significantly lower than the median of 11.5 per cent in a stock-city comptoirs.
Net interest differentials have stabilized, with the cost of deposits showing a small upward trend. Since 2016, the rate of return on Chengdu bank interest-bearing assets and the net interest-bearing differentials have remained stable. As at the end of 2021, the net interest-bearing and interest-bearing differences of Chengdu banks had been 4.3 per cent and 2.1 per cent, respectively, down 0.1 per cent from 2020.
Companies still outperformed the industry median, with Chengdu bank deposits at an average cost of 2.0% at the end of 2021, down from 0.2% of the median value of a stock-city comptoir.
The strategy, which shows a high growth trend in financial operations, was 79.3 per cent by the same year in 2020, with a capital balance of $6.310 billion at the end of 2021, falling back to a normal area of 19.5 per cent. Overall, Chengdu banks are still in the early stages and require sustained investment, with future capital banks relying on regional advantages and deep-farming for a long-term transformation.
3. Value of investments: The three main advantages continue to be unleashed, and there is much to be gained from the Chengdu bank ' s successful counterattack, which benefits from the region, resources, and the three dividends of operating, combining the natural regions with the advantages of subsequent market-based operations, and strengthening the moats with high customer sticky, low-debt costs. From a regional perspective, this is true.
The urban circle will continue to be a major demographic, industrial and economic growth pole in China, with companies extending their lending booms and sizes; In strategic terms, large retail strategies will continue to advance, with retail operations and intermediate incomes having potential; in operational terms, assets will be of excellent quality and low-cost indebtedness will continue to prevail.
Under current countercyclical macroeconomic policies, such as new infrastructure, Chengdu bank will seize the opportunity of regional economic growth to develop steadily in the construction of the region. The profit-for-prospecting model is based mainly on the assumption that, given the size of assets, Chengdu bank size drives higher yields and is expected to continue to grow well in the future.
According to the construction of the country’s economic engineering project, the future productive areas will be one of the country’s priority points in building the numeracy hub. The Bank now has the capital to intervene in large-scale capital projects, and the increase in corporate capital concentration will be instrumental in the expansion of the relevant segmented market, which is expected to be wide-ranging in terms of the growth of public loans in the future, with capital-type lending playing a significant role.
Second, in terms of the rate of return on interest-bearing assets, it is expected to rise steadily. In the coming 1-4 season of 2021, the economy will recover as China’s future industrial pillar continues to innovate, with long-end rates of return and interest rates on loans.
After short-term fluctuations during the year, there is a gradual upward trend, so we predict that the capital bank will have interest-bearing assets for 2022-2024. Overall, it is expected that the capital bank will continue to have an expansionary advantage in terms of the size of the loan deposits and a strong structure for public operations.
On June 29, 2022, the collection of data was 1.18 times higher than the average static pb of companies, and in the same period, Chengdu banks significantly outpaced the average of comparable companies. In our view, Chengdu banks are expected to continue to grow at a time when they have a strong regional advantage and are driven by high growth in public business and strategic upgrading.
(b) The bank's real estate exposure remains high, with hard landings impacting asset quality;
Bank non-interest income is relatively low, and the retail transition is not expected to affect performance sustainability.