bankofchengdu (601838) regional, resourcesversionaledges 5august2022
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I can't help it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
".in 2021, the company rand the four-hour-revenuegrrowthandfirstroe amongchinecycommercialbanks.itssubaccessioncanbeattriedtotothermajor maretdata
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
▪ 1. regionaladvantage: rootedinregionaleconomy, bocdenjoysrichgovernment resoursatlaysolidfoundationforitsexpansionofefficientasses, stablelibilies and keycustomerbase.in-2020, Chendu-chongqingmetropolitanareabecamea
Nationalstrategy, andbocdgrewlapipidmymidotheregionaleconomicgroveth.ontheassetside, 70% ofloanscaamebromborateloans, ofwichnearly 60% Camefrom basicdata
We're not going to be able to do this, we're not going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to be able to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it, we're going to do it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, relatable advantages.ontheasseside, bocdextensitsbusinesstoawiderrangeof inventrières.forexample, bydevelopinganembrof'disciple, sandardizedand
"Creditproductsandutilitizing governmentresources, bocdimproves securities soochow"
International serviceforsmallandmedium-sizedenprisesinscienceandtechnology, manufacturing Brokeragelimitedwouldlite
Aswellasculturalandreareas.ontheliabilityside,bactivelypromotes the anknollegethecontractual and developmentofbigretailbusessandsteadygrovethofpersonaltimepositions, opening
I don't know what you're talking about, support sponsored Byysoochow theroomfundrowthinbusinesssuchaspersonconsumptionandwealthmanage research, and particular
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
3.operatingadvantage: with threemajorstrategiesinpress, bocdsawa () andyanxuehua (continuousimprovementinassetquitysince2015, witherofperformingloans)
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, but I've got a lot of work to do, so, we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work, and we've got a lot of work, and we've got a lot of work, and we've got a lot of work, and we've got a lot.
I'm not going to be able to do that, remember?
Chengdu Bank (601838)
Since 2019, under the three strategies of “digitization, fine-tuning, large retailing”, Chengdu Bank has achieved remarkable success in its transformation, with an increase in revenue in 2021 in the city's comptoirs.
Fourth, Roe is the number one. The capital bank’s successful counterattack benefited from three major dividends: a combination of natural regions, a resource dividend and a back-to-back advantage, and a solid moat with a high customer sticky, low-debt cost.
• First, regional dividends: the roots of the region’s economy, with rich government resources, provide a solid foundation for Chengdu banks to expand their assets, stabilize their liabilities, and expand their core client base. In 2020, Chengdu’s urban circle rose as a national strategy, and Chengdu’s regional economy rose rapidly.
At the asset end, business loans account for about 70%, and government loans, represented by capital and leasing and business services, account for almost 60% of business loans. At the debt end, Chengdu Bank is the government department.
Annual deposits account for 76.0% of liabilities, while current deposits account for 44.4%, maintaining a lower level of funding  Second, the resource dividend: finding a strategic position to transform the deposited government resources into sustainable market competitiveness.
Sexual advantage, which is a major reason for Chengdu banks to win over the industry and the big game. At the asset end, Chengdu banks extend to a wider industry, for example through the development of “specialization, standardization, localization” credit products that combine business, taxation, municipal resource services, manufacturing, small and medium-sized projects.
Micro-enterprises invest in industrial finance, financial innovation, and micro-finance services. At the end of the debt, they actively promote the development of large retail businesses, the steady growth of personal time deposits and the development of customer stickyness.
Support for professional research and analysis, in particular  III, Business dividend: three strategies are being pursued continuously, assets are being upgraded and income structures are being optimized.
Thanks to Hu Shang, Cao Chinan, Wang Xiao Xiao, and Hua, the quality of Chengdu’s assets has been improving since 2015, with bad + concern for the guidance of the blizzards.
For the sixth consecutive year, the rate has declined, the quality of government business assets has been of high quality, the poor quality of public real estate loans, and the quality of assets will continue to be excellent in the future, benefiting from steady growth and a stable property policy. Nearly 80% of Chengdu’s revenue comes from interest income, and there is greater scope for large retail transformation.
▪ Profit predictions and investment ratings: three main advantages are continually released, and growth is sustainable. The future of the developing urban circle is an important economic growth pole, with companies extending their lending booms and sizes, large retail strategies moving forward, retail operations and intermediate income with potential, and low-cost indebtedness. We predict the continuation of the advantage of low-cost indebtedness.
The 26-carriage of Chengdu Bank, which was established as the leading comptoir of the city's comptoir, was established in 1996 as the former Chengdu Commercial Bank, the first city commercial bank in Sichuan province.
In 2007, the Fonlong Bank of Malaysia introduced best practices in risk management, asset liability management, etc. In 2015-2017, the economy was exposed to risk and companies experienced a period of uncertainty. Until 2018, the new management came into office, the wind came out, and the market was put on the market successfully. In 2019, the company launched a three-year strategic plan to promote “digitization, fine-tuning, large retailing”
In 2020, in the context of the widespread impact of the epidemic on the banking sector, Chengdu bank assets, operating revenues, grew in reverse, leading commercial banks. The shareholder structure was dominated by State-owned legal persons, with strong background.
The third and fifth largest shareholders are state holdings. The first largest shareholder is the Financial Holding Group Limited, which is primarily set up to consolidate local financial resources and enhance the competitiveness of local financial institutions. The second largest shareholder is the Bank of Fonlong, Malaysia, with 17.99% of the shares. The company actually controls the city's National Finance Commission.
A large proportion of the SCF has a stake in SCUs, which helps to gain more senior management experience in local government and major banks. The SCUs have a rich professional experience in banking, financial regulators, finance, etc. On the one hand, they have established local firms and long-term jobs.
In addition to the President, there are a number of vice-presidents, assistant directors, and local regulators.
As of the first quarter of 2022, the total assets of Chengdu banks were 83.780 billion yuan, the eighth largest in the stock market, an increase of 17.4 per cent in the same year, and in 2021, Chengdu banks achieved business income of 17.890 billion yuan, an increase of 22.5 per cent in the same year.
4th place in a stock market comptoir. From 2017 to 2020, Chengdu's weighted average roe remained at a high level near 16% and its performance rose to 17.6% in 2021, consistently higher than the median market comptoirs, of which 2020, figure 6: Chengdu's weighted average roe remained at a high level.
Figure 7: 21-year-old Chengdu bank with a weighted average of Roe in a stock-market comptoir, captures three major dividends, unlocks growth space, benefits from regional development dividends, builds ahead, expands high-quality assets for Chengdu bank, and focuses on core clients.
More importantly, Chengdu banks find growth points that are compatible with their own development, transform deposited government resources into sustainable market-based competitive advantages, solidly base their public and retail operations, and form a “basket of cities” and market competitiveness, which are important reasons for Chengdu banks to lead the industry.
Regional dividend: In recent years, Chengdu has emerged rapidly as a new frontline city, bringing significant opportunities for the rapid development of Chengdu banks. In 2021, Chengdu reached 1.99 trillion yuan, ranked first in Sichuan province, second only to Chongqing in the west, and ranked nation-wide.
Seventh; gdp is growing at a rate of 8.6% in higher areas. In terms of investment, the country has been promoting the construction of a bi-urban economy since 2020. In 2020, capital investment in Chengdu was increased by investment in infrastructure, with a total investment of 2.5 trillion yuan in the capital master plan 2022; and, in terms of human resources, there was a significant increase of 2,0947,000 people living in Chengdu in 2020.
The rapid rise of Chengdu has brought about business growth for financial institutions in the jurisdictions, with the average growth rate of 9.8 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, in the lending balances of MFIs in 2020-2021, maintaining a high level.
Looking to the future, as one of the central cities of the twin cities of Chengjun, the upgrading of regional strategic positions will bring significant regional advantages to Chengdu banks. In industrial planning, Cheng City proposed, at the 13th and 9th plenary sessions, the creation of electrical information, the equipping of two trillion class clusters of industries and biomedicines, green foods, new materials, energy conservation and environmental protection.
In the context of regional development, Chengdu bank is expected to capture the policy dividend, further leverage its local financial advantages, expand its operations, restructure its operations, and achieve high-quality business development.
The Chengdu Bank, which is based on Chengdu, Riyakawa-kun, closed the grid by 72.3% by 2021, was in Chengdu, and 71.9% of the credit went to Chengdu, holding the Chengdu area dividend firmly. The Chengdu Bank took a regional economic development bus and concentrated its resources in Chengdu by the end of 2021.
Only Chengdu banks and Chengdu comptoirs have assets of more than $500 billion, which are significantly better in volume than other banks. In the same time, Chengdu banks focus on the metropolitan area, where the Chengdu comptoirs are concentrated, with a distinct core client base.
At the end of the spectrum: high-quality government resources have a strong demand for public business and low-risk growth in public assets
Business loans have benefited from a close relationship between Chengdu’s government, which accounts for nearly 60% of all government loans, represented by capital and rental and business services, and have continued to grow. The Chengdu bank has worked closely with Chengdu’s government, with a balance of $16,911 billion in capital and rental and business services loans at the end of 2021, representing 59.4% more than real estate and construction.
In addition to government loans, the capital sector was dominated by local governments, and leasing and business services were directed to local government finance platform companies and leasing companies, indicating that capital banks have a wealth of government-related business resources. In addition to government loans, Chengdu banks are turning resources into sustainability advantages, investing in industrial finance, financial innovation, and small-scale finance.
The Chengdu Bank promotes organizational innovation, promotes the “specialized institutions + professional teams + specialized letters” service model, and develops the “one-round-one-region programme, one-stop shop” financial services model. In addition to the Parliamentary Secretary's loan portfolio, the Chengdu bank extends to a wider industry, developing a portfolio of “specialized, standardized, home-grown” credit products.
For example, “Creating Loans” is a tripartite partnership between the Silver Government and the City Bureau of Science and Technology, led by Chengdu Bank, Guarantee Corporation, development, security through equity relations, intellectual property rights, etc., free of physical collateral, free of financial discounts, and fully energized government, business, financial institutions, and unblocking micro-enterprise financing. In addition, Chengdu Bank has designed instruments.
By the end of 2021, there had been an increase of 46.26 per cent in the equivalent of the ratio of S&T-based SMEs and MSMEs, respectively.
In the case of individual loans, there has been a steady decline in the percentage of individual home purchases since 2018, especially since the adoption of the new regulations on the centralization of real estate loans in 2020, where the percentage of individual home purchases dropped to 86.6% at the end of 2021, a decrease of 6.9 percentage points from 2018.
At the end of the debt spectrum: with low-cost liabilities as a core advantage, steady deposits are established, deposits are at the forefront of the city’s comptoirs, and deposits are at the forefront of the debt, with public deposits dominated. In 2021, Chengdu bank deposits were 76.0 per cent of the debt, ranking second in the stock market. Deposits are passive and stable; they are high-quality liabilities from the capital bank.
Structurally, as of the first quarter of 2022, there were 56.1 per cent savings in Chengdu banks, 2.7 percentage points lower than at the end of the year, of which 7.9 per cent and 31.8 per cent were on demand and fixed-term, respectively, deep-farming government accounts, maintaining a high rate of activity and settling low-cost funds.
The Bank of Chengdu, one of the wage-distribution banks of the government sector and some enterprises, has a high quality. Such deposits are long-term, high-live, highly derivative and low-cost for the duration of the project. Although the current rate has been declining since 2018, in 2021 they accounted for 44.4% of the current bank deposits against the public-time deposits.
The ratio is 60.3%, the fourth and second largest comptoirs in the cities, which account for low-cost funds deposited by banks.
The strategy, with steady growth and rising share of individual time deposits, has helped to foster customer stickyness, provide differentiated services, and open up business growth points such as personal consumption and financial management. The ratio of retail deposits in Chengdu banks has been rising steadily over the past five years, with time savings in retail deposits accounting for more than 70 per cent.
Figure 24: Capital bank deposit structure since 2016 Business dividend: three strategies continue to move forward, asset quality improves and income structure optimizes have greater potential, and as the capital bank's three strategies of “digitization, fine-tuning, large retailing” are on the ground, profound changes in business processes and shifts.
In terms of digitization, Chengdu banks are in the direction of digital transformation around “five categories of users, ten main directions, four pillars”, driving the transition to digital banks, smart banks, and using technology such as big data platforms, artificial intelligence, client drawings, etc., to improve the efficiency and quality of retail operations.
In terms of sophistication, the Chengdu Bank promotes organizational innovation, connects lines, and targets marketing on a client-centred basis. On loans, a special set of funds, such as a technology branch, a literary branch, a green finance branch, a new economic branch, etc.
In the case of large retailing, Chengdu banks are saving through screening of target customers, strengthening management, developing products, etc.
On the basis of the above, the professional services of the clientele, products, channels, and teams will be enhanced.
Since 2015, the quality of bank assets in the capital has been improving. For the sixth consecutive year, there has been a downward trend in the rate of “negative + concern” loans and the rate of overdue loans. As of the first quarter of 2022, the rate of “negative + concern” loans in the capital bank was 1.36%, a decrease of 4.6 percentage points from the end of 2015.
Quarterly coverage of Chengdu banks was 435.7 per cent, an increase of 280.3 percentage points from the lowest level in 2016. Structuredly, the quality of government business assets and the poor performance of public real estate loans are high. For the public sector, the most wanted non-performing lending rate for capital and rental and business services was only 0.2 per cent in 2021, with basic inventory stability and poor public property.
The loan rate was 1.18 per cent, an increase of 1.17 percentage points from the end of the previous year, mainly affected by the downside of the real estate sector, while other risks were concentrated in smaller sectors such as residential services, repairs and other services, but overall exposure was smaller. Retail loans accounted for 86.6 per cent of individual home purchases in 2021, with a poor rate of 0.3 per cent, which was almost the same as at the end of the previous year, and personal consumption loans.
The business structure: reliance on interest income, the scope for intermediate income development, the operational structure: high reliance on interest income and the space for optimization of the income structure.
The share of business income in Chengdu bank was 79.43 per cent, higher than the median of 74.2 per cent in a stock-city comptoir, and lower in middle-income business, which was 3.93 per cent in the first quarter of 2022, which was significantly lower than the median value of 11.5 per cent in a stock-city comptoir. Net interest differentials were stable, with the cost of deposits showing a small upward trend.
At the end of 2021, Chengdu banks had interest-bearing asset rates and net interest differentials of 4.3 per cent and 2.1 per cent, respectively, down 0.1 per cent from 2020. In terms of deposit cost, while the cost of deposits showed a upward trend, the company was still significantly better than the industry median, with the average cost of Chengdu bank deposits at 2.0 per cent at the end of 2021, which was lower than that of a stock marketer.
In 19 years, Chengdu set up a financial subsidiary and began a “big retail” strategy, showing a high growth trend in financial operations, which grew by 79.3 per cent in the year 2020 as compared to the end of 2021.
The property balance is 63.1 billion yuan, and the same rate of increase has fallen to a normal area of 19.5 per cent. Overall, Chengdu Bank middle business revenue is still in the early stages and will require sustained investment, with future capital banks relying on regional advantages and deep cultivation to transform into sustainable long-term investment values: three major advantages will continue to be released, and there is much to be done on the way to a capital bank transition.
The success of Chengdu’s counterattack benefited from regional, resource, three-fold dividends, a combination of natural regional and resource advantages with market-based advantages, and the consolidation of moats with high customer sticky, low debt costs. From a regional perspective, Chengjing’s urban circle will continue to be a vital demographic, industrial, and economic growth pole in China, with companies extending their lending booms and expansions.
In strategic terms, large retail strategies continue, with potential for retail operations and intermediate income; in business terms, assets are of excellent quality, and low-cost indebtedness continues to prevail. At this point, companies have an absolute advantage in operating in areas of the congenial economy, and under the current macroeconomic policies, such as countercyclical bottoms, new infrastructure, etc., the Chengdu bank will capture the region’s economy.
The profit projection model is based mainly on the assumption that, given the size of the asset, the capital bank is driving the growth of the business, and is expected to continue to grow well in the future, Jay Zhang. According to the construction of the nation’s East-West project, the future formation of the region will become a point of focus in building the numeracy hub of the country.
One is that Chengdu banks now have the capital power to intervene in large capital projects, that the increase in corporate capital concentration can be helped by the expansion of the relevant segmented market, that there is expected to be wide market space for incremental public loans in the future, and that capital-line lending has been instrumental in increasing total lending, with 75 per cent of the significant share of public loans supporting the expansion of capital assets in the capital.
Second, in terms of the rate of return on interest-bearing assets, it is expected to rise steadily. In the 1-4 quarter of 2021, as China ' s future industrial pillars continue to innovate, the economy will recover, and long-end rates of return and loan interest rates will show a gradual upward trend after short-term fluctuations within the year.
On the whole, it is expected that in the future it will continue to have an expansionary advantage in terms of the size of the loan deposits and a strong structure for the public sector, and continue to increase its profitability, using the characteristics of its endowments. We predict that in 2022-2024 it will be 1.18 times as high as its average static pb on June 29, 2022, compared to the same period when Chengdu Bank will be able to make a profit.
In our view, Chengdu banks are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, driven by strong regional advantages, high growth in public business and strategic upgrading. Taken together, the performance and valuation levels of the capital banks can give a target of 2022 for the first echelon of comparable companies.
(b) The bank's real estate exposure remains high, with hard landings impacting asset quality;
I am presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and all the views contained therein accurately reflect the personal views of this person with respect to the securities or issuers in question; my specific proposals or views contained in this report are past, present or future, whether directly or indirectly related to my remuneration.