• Returning to business directly and looking forward to further improvement of the profitability of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of $189.01 billion, or +43.5 per cent. In the third quarter, the company achieved operating income of $64.65 billion, or +6.4 per cent; net profit of $2.09 billion, or +6.6 per cent; net profit of $1.84 billion, or +7.3 per cent, from non-repatriation.
This is due to the fact that the company ' s international freight and agency operations are affected by international air and sea transport demand and prices at the same rate, with supply chain and international operations receiving 32.6 per cent of the same amount. +7.4 per cent of the revenue from fast-moving logistics operations, excluding the network, is mainly attributable to the company ' s third-quarter business volume + 13.4 per cent of the total billing volume of the company ' s third-quarter.
The access ratio + 6.9% is mainly due to an increase in the average ticket income from the stripping of the network, with average income from the same ticket income from the same quarter - 6.2%, which is broadly consistent with the change in income from the same quarter. The company’s annual cost for the third quarter was 8.8%, an improvement from the same quarter to the same round.
• Short-term de-netization and price competition have led to pressure on market shares: the company’s market share was 8.4% in the third quarter because of the decline in business volume due to the de-netization and the shift in the market’s fierce price competition since 2023. The company’s market share fell by 0.2 percentage points in the third quarter of the year, regardless of the impact of the net.
• Third quarter of completion of the trans-shipment of domestic cargo flights at the Orzhou airport: As of September 2023, the trans-shipment of the cargo route at the Orchid Lake Airport was completed. After completion of the transfer, the domestic cargo route at the Orchia airport reached 42 routes and the daily landing of 84 cargo flights.
The data show that, by the end of October, there were 10 international cargo routes opened by Hondo Fung Airlines in Auzhou. Since the landing at Auzhou Airport, Hyo Fong has accumulated over 100,000 tons of domestic and international cargo entering and leaving the port, accounting for nearly 20% of international cargo.
This pressure, however, will build a solid foundation for the long-term development of the company’s prescription business, while the gradual release of aviation capacity utilization will drive further improvements in unit costs. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
In the long run, we look forward to the international and supply chain industries in the context of China's manufacturing industry going to the sea.
This will ease the pace of steady growth. With the combined effect of better macroeconomic forms and improved quality efficiency in couriers, single-ticket revenue will go further to the gradual release of driving unit costs to the aviation capacity of the company state airport.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for companies for 2023-2025 as follows:
The statement was made without reference to any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.