Xiangdong, fast-traffic operations are growing steadily, and the Australasia airport transports enable companies, both domestic and international, to act as a domestic stop-gap courier, to promote multi-net accommodation and to build services and operations on a continuous basis.
In addition, in September, when the company completed the transfer of cargo routes at the Lake Hua State airport, the company’s domestic and international operations are expected to be further catalyzed. We appreciate the company’s long-term development, which is currently at the bottom of the history, and suggest that attention be paid to the layout.
In June 2023, the company completed a cut-off for the speed of the network, and the focus of the operation reverts to the statute of limitations.
After the company ' s 2023q3 speed transport logistics operation, it received $47.256 billion, yoy+7.42 per cent, split up. At the end of the scale, 3q completed 2,806 million couriers, y0y+13.42 per cent, maintaining steady growth overall.
With revenues of -6.6%, -4.1%, -3.2% respectively, over the same period, youy, a courier, improved product efficiency as companies pursued high-quality business. Companies promoted multi-network accommodation and continued building of dual advantages in services and operations.
In terms of services, there are 86 full cargo aircraft, which have a clear advantage over postal (31), circular (14), which allows the company to take a long lead in terms of timeliness; in addition, the company is in postal service.
The Department of Product Portfolio ' s brand public satisfaction survey is consistently ahead of the year, mainly because the direct-account model helps companies maintain a high standard of services in terms of pick-up, delivery, after-sales, etc.
Continue to promote multi-network accommodation, through cross-practice integration at the site, operation, circuit, end-of-pipe, cost optimization, 2023h1 with city operations successfully lost and management efficiency continuously improved by technology, and overall, 2023q3 has a net return profit rate of 3.23 per cent, up from the same period the previous year.
In September, the company completed the trans-shipment of the airport in Oblast, and domestic and international operations are expected to be catalyzed. On the inside, the country’s institutional investors accounted for the share of the circulation a. In September, the company completed the trans-shipment of the cargo route at Hoshu Airport in Oblast, where the air network will be based.
The "point-to-point" has been gradually upgraded to "axis irradiation" and it is hoped that more flight times will be obtained, thus giving preference to corporate time limits and lowering transport costs; on the international level, the international cargo shipping line opened in Oyu State has broken by 10 lines, bringing the cumulative number of navigable “one-way” nodes to 14, gradually forming.
In addition, the company’s international express service forecast and investment proposal: the current industry focus service end-up upgrade and cost-side optimization, and the company’s straight-up model have advantages and will continue to enjoy the cost-efficiency of fine-tuning operations in the future.
Given the intense competition in the industry, the report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the data used to compile the report is reliable, but this report has not been independently validated.
The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may use or use this report prior to receipt of the report or on the basis of information or research recommended by the House. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
A certificate of description in the report; @ comment or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.