A 24.1% increase in the volume of speed transport operations on the same calibre in November.
Sustainable health development is expected to improve the quality of business. The company ' s combined revenue from its fast-moving operations, supply chains and international operations in November 2023 was $23.608 billion; of these, (1) the company adheres to the business tone of sustainable health development, pursues high-quality business and income growth, and sustains it.
High-quality services to secure high-speed shipping demand from both customers, with speed movement in November 18.9 per cent and 24.1 per cent, respectively, of the same growth in revenues and turnover of logistics free of grids; and (2) supply chains and international business revenue decline by the same share of international air and maritime demand and prices.
The company’s new operations are expected to continue. 1) Economic operations are back in focus. The product structure has improved several times, with 21h2 consecutive clean-up of the concession and the loss-and-loss net removed in June 23rd.
Mainly, the electric trademarks are fast-forward system products; 2) fast-moving or accelerated profit release. From 22 years onwards, the network has been able to realize a net profit of $28 million, a two-wheel drive for pattern improvement and compliance restoration, and we expect to enter a new phase of steady business growth and accelerated profit release in 23 years; 3) for the first time in the same city.
At the corporate level, diversified orders increase resilience, technological empowerment reduces efficiency gains, smooth business with the city continues to be optimized, 23h1 runs against the odds, and we expect to make a profit throughout the 23-year period.
In order to bring about a sustained increase in operating cash flows, the company’s capital expenditure in the post-natal phase of the Ostate project has either peaked, in the future, or gradually narrowed, and the overall free cash flow is expected to continue to grow. The Yoozhou project is expected to lead to over-catalyzing.
Delivery, short-term pressure such as depreciation amortization and route switching costs, but we expect the impact to be limited and to be more fully reflected, with future increases in aviation capacity still expected to drive down the unit cost; in addition, at the revenue end, when the axle irradiation network has been built and is stable and operational, aviation
Extra-fast penetration is expected to increase further, and it is also expected to be further product stratification for the statute of limitations. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to return its net profit to its parent in 2023-2025.
It's 13 times the size of the system.
We believe that the current valuation of the margin of security is adequate and that there is a large space for medium- and long-term value, maintaining “the buying risk factor: the need for the statute of limitations is not as high as expected; the new business is not improving as expected; the production capacity is too high; the production capacity is ahead of schedule; the University of Mines of China, PhD, the registered consulting (investment) engineer, and the Deputy Managing Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Worker
In June 2016, the U.S. Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre was set up to study the coal sector. From 2019 to date, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.