Three seasons of robust performance, long-term investment values, transport and logistics, fast-moving logistics revenue growth, recovery of international business income, and relatively stable corporate profitability.
1) In terms of revenue, companies pursue high-quality business and income growth, continue to provide high-quality integrated logistics services to their clients, with revenues and volume of operations from fast-moving logistics operations (excluding high-speed networks) in the third quarter of a single quarter having the same downside effect, and 32.69 per cent below the same time for supply chain and international operations in the third quarter of a single quarter,
In terms of profitability, the company will return to, and focus on, high- and medium-level logistics, which are not profitable for a short period of time in the second quarter of this year; and, at the same time, the firm insists on resource planning and cost control, and many business initiatives have worked well, and the company holds it.
Continue to promote multi-net accommodation and enhance the transit, transport and end-of-pipe integration of multiple business networks; in addition, fast-moving and inter-city operations are maturing and are beginning to make a profit. Thus, we see that corporate profitability performance remained relatively stable in the third quarter of 2023, with a Māori ratio of 11.98 per cent compared to the previous year.
Capital spending has continued its trend of contraction, looking at the potential for the development of the Orient Airport and international operations. The previous three quarters of the Department’s capital expenditure was $8,465 million, a decrease of $2.08 billion, compared to the corresponding share of income from capital expenditure.
In the medium-to-long term, first of all, the company's Orzhou airport has greater potential for development, and in the medium term it will help to increase the speed of time, speed and supply.
The performance of HS Holdings (002352.sz)-22q4 has been stable, 23 years of performance elasticity of operating income, such as the response chain, and has helped to reduce the cost of air transport; the second HS will be able to rely on HS Holdings (002352.sz) - sustained improvement in operations, maintaining high performance in the third quarter
State airports, as well as domestic network resources, have moved into international markets, which have opened up a smooth and long-term development.
Rapid logistics revenue growth has been robust, international business income circles have rebounded, and corporate profitability has been relatively stable. 1) In terms of revenue collection, companies pursue high-quality business and income growth and continue to provide high-quality integrated logistics services to their clients, while revenue and business volume of fast-moving logistics operations (excluding networks) have increased by 7.43 per cent and 13.39 per cent, respectively, in the three quarters of a single year;
Supply chains and international operations are mainly affected by international air and sea transport demand and prices, with 32.69 per cent drops in supply chains and international business revenues in the third quarter of the year, but a mild recovery from the second quarter. 2) In terms of profitability, companies have cut off short-term unprofitable networks in the second quarter of this year and will return to and focus on profitable ones in the future.
High-end logistics: At the same time, companies insist on streamlined resource planning and cost control, many business initiatives have worked well, and companies continue to promote multi-network accommodation, enhancing the transit, transport and end-of-end integration of multiple business networks; in addition, fast-moving and co-city operations have matured and become profitable. As a result, we have seen corporate profitability performance over the past three quarters.
It remained stable, with the corporate Māori rate of 11.98% in the third quarter of 2023, a 0.2 percentage point decrease over the same period in the previous year. Capital spending continued its trend of contraction, depending on the development potential of Oxy State Airport and international operations.
The company's Orzhou airport has greater potential for development, and the Aeronau Air Transit Centre has been put into use in the third quarter of this year, which in the medium term will help to increase the speed of operating revenues such as prescription express, express shipments, supply chains, etc., as well as to help lower air transport costs; the second boom will allow international access to the Toyo airport and domestic network resources.
Markets, and international markets, have opened up room for smooth and long-term development.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject