Sustainable health development continues, looking at double-crossing values Events: Companies published the October 2023 Express Logistics Operations Bulletin. October 2023, Consistency Holdings (002352)
In terms of supply chains and international operations, it is possible to achieve sustainable and healthy development and improve the quality of its operations. The company ' s combined revenues in October 2023 in terms of speed currents, supply chains and international operations are $20,744 million; of these: (1) the company
Adherence to the business tone of sustainable and healthy development and pursuit of high-quality business and income growth, with revenue and business volume of non-connected logistics growing by 11.8 per cent and 15.4 per cent, respectively, for the month of October; and (2) supply chain and international business revenue falling on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of demand and prices for international air and maritime transport
The impact of the same downside, but the income decline continues to narrow. The company’s new business is expected to continue. 1) Economic business returns to focus camp. \triangleright product structure
After several improvements, with 21H2 consecutive clean-up of the preferential franchise and the dissipation of the loss-and-loss net in June 2323, the main hit was the "Embrands Fast" direct system product; 2) fast transport or accelerated profit release. From 22 years onwards, the network has benefited $28 million in net profit, improved pattern and compliance repair two-wheel drive.
It is expected to enter a new phase of robust business growth and faster profitability in 23 years; 3) it is the first time that the same city is losing. At the corporate level, orders for diversification have increased resilience, technology has reduced efficiency, business with the city has continued to optimize, 23h1 has lost, and we expect to make a profit for 23 years.
The company’s free cash flow point is expected to continue. After removing the non-business-related tax return factor, it is hoped that the business cash flow will continue to grow and that, on the other hand, the company’s capital expenditure on post-partum projects in Ozhou will continue to grow as a whole, either at a peak, in the future, or gradually narrow.
The Oxy County project is expected to lead to overcatalyzing. The company's Oxy State Airport Transit Centre came into production in the third quarter of 2023, causing short-term pressure such as depreciation amortization and route switching costs, but we expect the impact to be limited and, if more fully reflected, the future increase in aviation capacity is expected to be driven.
Unit cost down; in addition, at the revenue end, with the axle irradiation network completed and the operation stabilized, the air speed penetration rate is expected to increase further, and it is also expected to be further product stratification for the statute of limitations, profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to have a separate net profit for 2023-2025.
13 times. The company's role as a lead in a consolidated express delivery logistics, running a drop point and a cash-flow point is highlighted, and we believe that the current valuation is more securely marginal, with wide space for medium- and long-term value, and maintains "buying."
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Risk factors: less time-frame requirements than anticipated; new business improvements than expected; excess capacity to deliver \triangleright \triangleright, Dr., University of Mines, China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre
Member of the China Geological Minerals Economics Society and of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development Planning and Coal Worker
In June 2016, the U.S. Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre was set up to study the coal sector. From 2019 to date, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.