During the National Day, a number of overseas Internet users tanned the seafood brands purchased abroad, and the fabrics did not contain additives, except water, soybeans, wheat, salt, etc.
On October 8, the seafood industry issued a clarification announcement that corporate products were sold to more than 80 countries and territories around the world, both on the domestic and international markets, and that companies had low-grade high-school products.
We believe that the event has had a slight impact on the short-term performance of the sea sky, stock prices, but the long-term value remains.
At the same time, the addition of sodium benzoate, trichlorcane sugar, etc., in seafood oil, and the amount of additives is much lower than the daily full intake of humans. The event was largely due to consumer awareness education on food additives.
In the long run, the company has a significant advantage in terms of channel penetration and product abundance, and this event is not expected to affect the company in the long run.
After the incident, we visited the end market in time, where the combined judgement of demand was slightly undermined by public opinion, and where some consumer brands moved but competed with prices.
As additive formulations converge and consumer awareness deepens, demand is expected to return, while end-of-end customers are more sticky and have limited impact on events.c End-of-end feedback from the consumer group visits of the merchant superka indicates that middle-aged customers generally understand the additive content of soy sauce, with a greater focus on the length and nature of product preservation.
Prices, relatively low attention to network-end double-deck events; young people's feedback on additives closings, small b-dinners taking into account price ratios and product taste stability, overall customer stickyness, the event or catalyzing higher consumer expectations, and the rising demand in the industry,
The concentration is expected to rise again. After this event, consumer expectations for products are higher, and the industry is now expected to benefit from high-end products such as zero plus, which are expected to further boost demand for soy sauce. At the same time, the supply side, along with consumer versus consumer add-up, is expected to increase demand.
The concentration of the industry is expected to continue to rise as concerns and awareness rises, and demand for low-end products, such as agents, product quality, or head brands, is expected to decline and become clear in the middle of the industry. The head company has an advantage in the matrix of products, channel layouts, and, in the long run, the concentration of the beneficiary industries is expected to increase.
Maintenance of company profit forecasts for 2022-2024, expected revenue collection Division to respond positively to outbreak disturbances, cost upscaling, mitigation of cost pressures through better packaging, improved use of raw materials, etc., with potential release in the second half of the year if raw material prices fall
The elasticity, the short-term disturbance of the event, does not change the company’s long-term value. In conjunction with the company’s historical valuation and the comparable company’s valuation, we gave the company a 50-fold valuation in 2023, targeting raw material costs such as soybeans up, competition increased at the end of c, and the epidemic affected the food crisis.
Risks, such as food safety, are expected. 1. National additive standards vary, and sea-day products comply with relevant regulations. Food labelling requirements are essentially the same in different countries, but the range of additions varies slightly, and sea-day products comply.
Regional regulations in different countries. Collating the regulations on the national food ration table requires that the mainstream countries clearly identify the components of the food ration table, such as direct or indirect additives, which require a relatively strict European Union provision that the food may be expected to be added during the manufacture, processing, formulation, handling, packaging, transport and storage of the food.
Substances whose agents or their by-products would indirectly become part of the food product would also have to be identified, with slightly different types of additives for food covered by different national standards, with the sea sky as a guarantee that the product conforms to national additive use norms and with slightly different product formulations in different regions.
On the evening of the 8th day, it was announced that corporate products were sold to more than 80 countries around the world, with additives and zero additions both domestically and overseas, and that there was no problem of dual treatment of domestic and foreign products.
Food additives are used for a wide range of uses and are important for the development of food-based industries. The food additives are used primarily to prevent food deterioration, to extend the shelf life, and to improve food sensory patterns to meet the demand of consumer groups for products.
In addition, blowing agents, stabilizers, etc. in food additives are beneficial for food processing. According to the National Standard Food Addion Use Standard for Food Safety gb2760-2011 issued by the Ministry of Health, our country can use food supplements, including food additives, food processing aids, glucose base agents and food spices.
In seafood oil, sodium belucate and trichlorcane are added in order and the additive content is much lower than the daily safe intake of humans. According to the regular use of food additives and the daily safe intake of humans in the table below.
The conventional added content of sodium benzoate added to sodium soy sauce is generally 1 g/kg, calculated as 60 kgg body weight for adults, which requires a minimum intake of 38.82 g sodium belutate within a day, corresponding to 39 kg left right sodium sauce. The content of sodium benzoate associated with the product is therefore difficult for humans in the daily use of sodium soy sauce.
3. Consumption overlaps with public opinion groups are low, demand returns are expected after short-term impact c 3.1. Convergence with price competition, consumer education strengthening is expected to bring back demand
Costers know better, and demand is expected to flow back. Combine the current market price bands for soy sauce products, with low end products of less than $10/500 ml and generally containing additives; 15/500 ml is the threshold for 0-addition products and 20/500 ml and above is the price belt for high end organic plus zero.
Sea skies are more homogenous with their competitors, and prices vary slightly from class to class, and the formula is similar. Thus, with short-term consumer sentiment released, there may be a brand shift at the end of c. The short-lived period of branding, such as cooks, Lee Jinsung, Chiku, etc., is expected to absorb the demand from some consumer branding.
In the long run, as a leading producer of 15% of the world’s soy sauce industry, the ocean is becoming more permeable from channels.
Compared with the abundance of the product matrix, the second echelon of companies differs considerably from the sea, while the company, as a leader in the industry, is better able to control costs and deliver products that are more priced, will over time look at the company ' s performance at 3.2.c end of consumption with less overlap with public opinion groups and b end of stickyness.
After the incident, we visited the terminal market in time to determine that the demand at the end of the scale was slightly influenced by public opinion and that the end of the end client was more sticky.
Soy sauce contains additives that are generally understood, with a greater focus on product retention versus value for money, and a relatively low focus on network-end double-marking events: while young people are more interested in additives, they are willing to try to add products to the sea sky or his brando.
It is expected that the concentration of the industry will increase online public opinion will boost consumer awareness of soy sauce and accelerate the process of product structural upgrading.
High public opinion attention has helped to increase consumer awareness of soy sauce products, for example, with the melamine incident, which has led to a significant increase in milk awareness among a wide range of consumer groups. At the same time, consumer purchasing habits have changed from mere brand recognition to a greater focus on the product’s origin, nutritional composition, milk source, production.
As a result, the consumer's interest in the composition of the soy sauce matrix has increased, the short-term demand for zero-addition products without preservatives and higher-end organic products is expected to rise, the structure of the industry's products is expected to rise, and consumer awareness is expected to boost the concentration of the industry again.
Costers have become more aware of relevant industries and products, industry tailings are under pressure from higher demand-side standards for technology, product upgrades, and are gradually out of the market, and industry concentration has increased along with some changes in industry patterns, such as the 2008 melamine incident, which led to the fall of the then-first-highest Montagnard in the industry.
In the case of sea-based additives, the product line contains zero additions, and public opinion is expected to benefit from long-term viewing of high-end products after closing down. Consumers are expected to follow after the incident.
The expectation for products is higher, and the industry is now expected to benefit from high-end products such as the zero-addition product, which is expected to boost consumption at the end of the soy sauce industry. At the same time, the supply side is accompanied by consumer interest in additives, product quality, and awareness-raising, and demand for low-end products from the back or head brands of the industry.
Heads of companies have advantages in product matrices, channel layouts, and are expected to benefit from higher concentration in the long term. In view of trends in the white wine and dairy industries, food safety events have contributed to higher concentration in the industry.
After the event, consumer expectations for products were higher, companies were expected to benefit from higher end-products such as zero plus, and the event was expected to further boost consumption at the end of demand in the soy sauce industry.
At the end, consumer concerns about additives, quality of products, etc., may be accompanied by further clarification of the medium- and low-end products of the back or head brands of the industry, industry concentration is expected to continue to rise, companies as industry leaders have increased utilization, etc., to ease cost pressures, and profit elasticity is expected to be released in the next half of the year if raw material prices fall.
Short-term disturbances do not change the company’s long-term value. Together with the company’s historical and comparable valuations, we give the risk of an outbreak: the overall situation is good in the country, but the regional spread of the epidemic will cause fluctuations in demand for food and consumption in some parts of the region, affecting demand at the end of the company.
(c) Risks of increased competition: under the influence of public opinion, competition at the industry level may increase, and the company’s profitability will be affected by phenomena such as price wars.
The risk of cost fluctuations, such as soybeans: soybeans and soybeans are more part of the company’s raw materials, and cost fluctuations will increase corporate profitability uncertainty. The risk of web-based public opinion fermenting: further web-based public opinion fermenting may lead to a partial consumption group at the end of c
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.