The performance of the pharmaceutical chromosome iii meets expectations and the two-line layout of the country and abroad will help the company:
Deep-farming against tumours, anaesthesia, and phantoms, with robust growth in performance: the company published its annual report 2017, 24.25 per cent of the year. The combined contribution of anti-cancer drugs, surgical anaesthetic drugs, and cinematography to more than 80 per cent of income is an important factor in the growth of public anti-cancer drugs, anaesthesia drugs, and cinematography.
For stability, sustained growth in R & D investment has led to rising management costs, but it has also been an important guarantee that companies are doing research on products that are being marketed. * Market patterns for priority varieties are stable: (1) Anti-cancer drugs: Apateni is the vegfr of the company’s own R & D.
The small molecular target goes to an innovative drug, has not been on the market for long enough and has great potential for growth; the market share of Elitekon has increased steadily, the market share of Dositas, Lecterium, Dégio has remained relatively stable, and the competitive market share of Osali and cyclophosphate has declined for former researchers, but has largely stopped the downward trend.
Most of the company’s mature varieties have a stable market share, and the newcomers have grown faster, and will continue to enjoy the dividends of growing demand for anti-cancer drugs. (2) Surgery narcotic drugs: as rivals such as the Enghua Pharmacy industry enter the market, the company’s right-to-right Metomi’s market share is partially eroded, but in physical terms the company remains the market.
In the area of anaesthesia, the company has always held the top chair of the market, and has a strong position. (3) Shape agent: the company’s market share of iodized Buddhist alcohol is already high, reaching 90% in 2017;
The market share of iodine-gram sarcophagus has grown rapidly, and it is now over 50%. The film industry is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future compared to the domestic and foreign layouts, and the wave of change will enjoy policy dividends: the company has a rich stock of research products, and we expect to reset the human cell stimulation factors for dichotomy.
The heavyweight species (hhpg-19k) are expected to be marketed this year, and pd-1 will declare production during the year, if not unexpectedly. The company is also active in the development of the sea by overseas authorization and overseas declaration of products.
In addition, in the context of health-care costs, incentives for innovation and high-end copying, companies have had very limited negative effects, but rather in the midst of a wave of changes in the domestic pharmaceutical environment, Heung Swe medicine: btk inhibitor authorization tg
Further growth is expected to continue to sustain healthy growth in the next few priority drug plates. These “go-out” strategies accelerate progress. Based on (1) robust growth in the marketing of priority products already on the market (2) company-rich product pipelines and countries
Valuable premium premium for inner innovation drug taps (3) The company is expected to benefit from the policy dividend in the transformation of health care, and we maintain the company’s buy-a rating. First, deep-ploughing against tumors, anesthesia, and phantoms, with robust growth in performance.
For the past five years, corporate operating income has been growing steadily at around 20%, with a non-recurring profit rate of $115 million, well above the level of previous years, mainly due to the larger current gain/loss factor (1.55 billion). Thus, the net profit on withholdings in 2017 grew at 19.76%, less than the net profit on the parent, but also remained relatively stable.
Disaggregated income, with a combined contribution of more than 80 per cent to anti-cancer drugs, surgical narcotic drugs, and photographic agents, which is 73.55 per cent public, is an important contribution to the growth of this type of drug and a significant future growth point in the business: 19.71 per cent for surgical anaesthesia, of which 30.66 per cent for the right metomy is a key factor in the growth of this type of drug;
The increase in sales of film agents is 44.85%, and the increase in sales of iodine gram salbutamol, 66.40%, is an important reason. Horizontal comparisons between business plates, the Māori ratio of anti-cancer drugs and surgical anaesthetics is higher, at about 90%, leading the other classes of drugs. At the cost side, the cost of sales has been relatively stable in recent years; the management cost rate has increased, and the faster cost of research and development is an important factor.
In 2017, R & D costs amounted to 1.76 billion. The same year-on-year increase of 48.53%. Higher R & D inputs are also an important guarantee that companies will continue to have new products on the market for many years.
ii. The market patterns of priority varieties are stable to the good. The company’s anti-cancer drugs include, among other things, Apalyoni, Elilycomm, Dositas, Lecterium, Ossaliprom, cyclophosphamide, Dégio, etc. The company’s autonomous Vegfr small molecular target is innovative.
In addition to this, and according to data from sample hospitals in the country for 2013-2017, the market share of the other more mature anti-cancer drugs increased steadily, reaching 62.7 per cent in 2017; the market share of Dositas, Lecrozos, De Gio was relatively stable; and the market share of Osali and cyclophosphate decreased as a result of the former manufacturer ' s market share.
According to market data for the last two years, the decline in the market shares of the companies Osali and cyclophosphamide has been largely halted. Taken together, most of the company’s mature varieties have stabilized market shares in anti-cancer drug plates, and newer species have grown faster, and will continue to reap the dividends of rising demand for anti-cancer drugs.
In the field of narcotic drugs from deep-farming companies, the main products include right-wing metomicine, aromatic ammonium, heptafluoroane, etc. Right-wing Meto is always the most important product of the company's drug plate, and the market share has remained above 85% over the years. As rivals such as the Eunhua pharmaceutical industry have entered the market, the company's right-wing meto-mi has been partially eaten, but in physical terms.
In the area of anaesthesia, the company has always been in the market’s top chair, and its position is strong. The film agent is also the business block that the company began to develop in early years, mainly in the form of iodized Buddhist and iodized sarcophagus.
The market share of iodized Buddhist alcohol is already high, reaching 90% in 2017 as it continues to grow in recent years, and the market share of iodized gram sarcophagus is growing fast and is now over 50%. The film industry is expected to continue to grow at a high level in the future.
In addition to a few large types of products already on the market, the company has a rich stock of research products. We expect heavy-pound varieties such as diazine, violet sapol, polyethanol recombinant human particle irritation factors (hpg-19k) to be marketed this year, and pd-1 will be declared in the course of the year if unexpected.
Along with the domestic market, companies have in recent years pursued internationalization. (1) Actively promoted overseas authorizations, including a pd1 counter-authorization to Inc. Inc. (because an additional pd 1 post-incetere purchase)
Anti-products, the project has now been terminated, Jak1 inhibitor drugs have been authorized to the United States company Arcutis, btk suppressant drugs have been authorized to the company tg, etc.: (2) the product has been declared on the market overseas, a total of 10 varieties are currently approved by fda, and future varieties such as net Capofin, kappetian, and sulfogna sodium sodium sodium, are expected to be approved for listing by fda, thereby progressively bringing the company in line with the international community.
On the other hand, the country’s ageing population structure has made it difficult to sustain a steady increase in health-care income over the next few decades, and to prevent a shortfall in health-care funding can only reduce health-care spending. The number of older persons has continued to grow, and the adjustment of health-care costs, the reduction of the use of drugs with uncertain treatment and assistive medications has become almost the only adjustment to ensure that funding is made.
Correspondingly, over the past two years, regulators have introduced a number of policies to encourage innovation and promote high-end generic medicines, leading to a healthy development of the industry. The company’s pharmaceutical product lines are basically composed of therapeutic drugs with clear clinical efficacy and are in line with the direction of medical reform, which, in the context of health-care coverage, has had very limited negative effects and is likely to be in the midst of a wave of change in the country’s pharmaceutical environment.
Further growth is expected to continue to sustain healthy growth in the next few priority drug plates. A robust growth in the marketing of priority products (2) is rich in value premiums on research pipelines and domestic innovation drug taps (3) is expected to benefit from policy dividends in the transformation of health care, and we maintain a company’s buy-a-rating.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data