"Hunger" + "Internationalization" accelerates. Heung Swe Medicine. Heung Swe Medicine (60276) 2017.
Heung Swe medicine published its 2017 annual report, and the company achieved business income of 13,836 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 24.72 per cent over the same year: attributable to the first billion yuan, an increase of 19.76 per cent over the previous year. Realization of the eps was $1.14. Dollars, an increase of 34.61 per cent over the same year; and the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, an increase of 18.73 per cent over the same year.
Two shares per 10 shares are sent to the red stock to increase the capital stock by one share per 10 shares.1 Income profits show an accelerated trend on a quarterly basis, with 33.21 per cent of the top four quarters of income rising at a higher than expected rate of 13,836 million yuan per year, compared with 24.72 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 3.217 billion yuan for the mother and 24.25 per cent, exceeding market expectations.
The main drivers are the reform of the distribution line, the release of the innovative drug Apadaloni after the introduction of health insurance, and the continued income generated by overseas preparations exports. East’s financial booms are the main sources of revenue.
On the other hand, the Dositas, an old variety, increased sales in 2017 when the volume of income exceeded 1 billion.
Marketing reform is driven by a clear acceleration in the number of non-focused species. The export rate of overseas preparations for cyclophosphate continues to grow by more than 20%.
Table 1: Production and growth of Henish's main product, the source of financial growth in the East, the anesthetic line (about 20% of the increase): Right America, heptafluoroalene pulls.
Other: Karpofin was approved for production through a priority review, and gradually released. The first innovative drug, Ere Schamphu, entered the new version of the health-care catalogue, was in a high-speed growth period, with income expected to reach 200-300 million in stability, and overseas to see the Dositas, HFCs, etc. that were approved in 2017. The cost rate rose and other management costs, other than R & D, were kept under control. The company’s financial costs rose, mainly due to bank deposits due during the reporting period.
Table 2: Synchronization of events in 2017, acceleration of domestic innovation towards harvest, integration of R & D with overseas and steady progress in the export of preparations
At present, Apadeni is mainly used for the vegfr inhibitor of late-stage stomach cancer, which currently accounts for more than 400,000 cases per year of stomach cancer in the country (300,000 deaths per year, thus leaving the stock unattended) at 20% of the post-health penetration rate.
Counts three cycles of medication per patient, 28 days of each cycle, with a negotiated payment of $2858, and we expect Apadaloni's sales potential to reach $2-25 billion. Meanwhile, Apadeni's clinical trials for iii of late lung and late liver cancers are under way, with greater potential for future sales. pd-1 entered the iii phase, the country's first home. On April 13, the Pd-1 antishr-1210 of Henry Medicine published "Shr-1210 Consolidatedization"
The test announcement for the treatment of patients with late stage non-small cell lung cancer means that the drug became the first in the country to enter clinical phase three, the pd-1 drug, which is expected to take the lead in the future, and become another innovative heavy-pound bomb. The main shot to the ii period was the ii period: on August 4, the injection of the iil with the thorium benzodiazine was approved for the ii phase.
The source of financial growth in the East is a short-lived gabaa receptor agonist, applied to whole body anesthesia during the alternative surgery. The original research paionag developed the sulfonic acid, which is currently in the iii phase of clinical research. The company developed the sulfonic benzulfolate of the sulfonic sulfate, which is therefore less toxic than sulfonic acid.
The shr0302 entry period: on August 14, the company shr0302 was approved for two clinical sessions. The shr0302 was developed independently for the company with an IPR-based small molecule, jak stimulant, and was used mainly for treatment of rheumatism arthritis. The only one is currently on the market.
The company's shr0302 pieces are more secure, with a global sales value of about $929 million in 2016. Sea traippa ethanol tablets enter the iii period: July 27, the company issued an announcement that it had been approved to conduct a clinical trial for a sea trappa ethylamide ii.
The traipappa ethanol ammonium is an oral small molecule tpoor agonist, used mainly for treatment of chronic immunosophymological plate reduction (itp) that has had poor effects on sugar cortex hormones, immunoglobin, or spleen spleen scissal schillings. The same product, Acetropopa 2008, was approved for listing, and the serious adverse effects of Etripopa were haemorrhage, liver toxicity, liver damage, and bone marrow fibrosis.
On September 26, the twenty-third release of the cfda announcement to be included in the list of drugs for the priority review process, and the listing application of the Heung Swe pharmaceutical Maleic acid to be selected for “obvious clinical value, significant special”
(cxhs1700012, cxhs1700013, cxhs1700014) According to the cde query, the Cdéni listing application was accepted for entry into the approval process on 24 August 2017. Production is declared directly on the basis of ii clinical data. (There is a precedent in the domestic use of ii results for subsequent reporting of production results, i.e. cidabinamine for micro-chip organisms.)  production is declared to be rare in the country, only for a month.
Inclusion on the Priority Review List, with Pygmy declaring that progress is over-expected, reflecting the power of the innovative drug tap and cfda's recognition of the species. The company’s clinical and other adaptive problems are steadily under way. We assume that Pygmy Dyni will be marketed in 2018 through the Pygmy Review Channel, which will be another large strain of innovative medicine with a stick of Apateni, with a peak sales of $3 billion, as detailed.
Overseas R & D is gradually internationally aligned: shr8554 injections are approved by the U.S. fda and can start clinical trials in the U.S.
The product, developed by Trevena, is currently at the stage of clinical research in the United States. There is no such drug in the country at the stage of clinical research or on the market. Shr9946 (ido inhibitor) is approved by the United States fda and can start clinical trials in the United States. Shr9146 is oral and strong.
The minor agent ido inhibitor, ido, is called thiamine 2,3-bisaoxyase, and is organized into the ido family with the same-workase tdo (Cyperamino acid2,3-hexaoxyase), which decomposes along the canine urinary amino acid route. The ido is expressed high in the cells of multiple tumor cells and antigens, performing immuno-moderative control functions through the regulation of the body color amino acid and metabolic levels, and is an important pre-molecular control target for oncological immunology treatment.
There are no ido inhibitors on the market at home or abroad, and the equivalent representative product under study is epacadostat (incb024360), developed by Inc. Inc., which is in the iii phase of clinical research in the United States. Neewlink, developed jointly with Roth, is in the gdc-0919 phase of clinical trials in the United States.
The source of financial growth in the East is the cloning of antibodies, mainly for the treatment of silver crumbs. There are currently two of the same products listed abroad, il-17 antibodies, cosentyx (secukinumab) and taltz (ixekizumab). Cosentyx was developed by Novartis and first managed by European pharmaceuticals in January 2015.
The Board approved: taltz was developed by rite, which was approved by fda in March 2016 at the earliest. Novara and Lei have submitted applications for clinical import registration in China for secukinumab and ixekizumab, respectively, and are currently in the clinical trial phase for ii and ixekizumab for i.
Injecting shr-a1403 has been declared clinically approved by the U.S. fda. The drug is a combination of antibodies formed by humanized anti-c-met monoclonal antibodies through chemical microtube inhibitors, which can be combined with the c-met on the surface of the tumor cell, and when it is swallowed into the tumor cell, it releases small molecular toxins after degradation of the soluble enzyme, which act as anti-cancer cells.
Unlisted products of the same type of target, Aappé-like products (code abbv-399) in the United States, and Sorrento-like products (code sti-d0602) in the pre-clinical research phase.
In 2017, the company invested 1,759 million yuan in R & D, an increase of 48.53 per cent over the same period last year, earning 12.71 per cent, the largest in the country. 17 innovative drugs are in the clinical development phase (focusing on the production of the lyclopiniii report, the pd-1ii period, the lysine silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, the sea trappa ethanol stimulant ii period, etc.), and the pharmaceutical focus is moving towards the declared production phase, including (Azi sathana, injection for Moo)
Asteramine, inhalation of ground-based HFCs, ammonium sulfonic acid, vinyl injection of violet vinyl in combination) and a more rapid corporate consistency evaluation have been carried out, with tests completed for OBE, Ebeshatani, Tophaptani, thatanaminochlor tablets, prakoszoa, and Tansorosin relieving capsules of hydrochloric acid.
Table 3: An overview of the Clinical Package of Innovative Medicines 2017 by Heung Swe, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
In-country priority product movement: several priority products in the company are moving forward and deserve attention.
Formulation exports: From 2017 to date, four dandas have been approved (Dositas, Atraku ammonium, right metomicine, and ground hydrofluorocarbons) and in the EU, as well. Several products are expected to be approved in 18-19 based on dmf product lines.
Table 4: Shun Shwefda has been approved for an overview of the East's financial and intellectual booms Table 5: Shun Shwe's expected to be approved for an overview of the Heung Shwe 2018-2019
Priority review: Heung Swe has eight species in the priority review team, with absolute national dominance. The first of these, the best, Karpofin, was approved through the priority review channel in January 2017, the first of its kind to be approved through the priority review.
The following information and observations are expected to be sustained in the future: Refusals, injections of purple filamentol (teprotein combination), ammonium sulfonic acid injection fluids (for the same production line, already listed in the United States, for example, for domestic generics), fluoroalkanes (which have been approved by the European Union and are subject to prior review), and thorni (for new 1.1 drugs, just entered).
Table 6: Overview of Heng Swe's Priority Review Varieties Source of Eastern Financial and Epidemic Incentives: a total of 573 persons. 18 persons, including directors and executives, and 555 persons, including middle managers, core technicians, etc.
Billion dollars, $4,325 million. (The net profit of the non-recurring gain or loss attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, without deduction of the current cost amortization of equity incentives.) Confidence in future long-term development, especially in innovation and internationalization, continues to decline.
The company’s revenues are expected to accelerate to more than 25%. Furthermore, 2018 is expected to be the year of the Heung Swe innovation explosion, and the pd-1 varieties are coming closer. We look forward to the company’s long-term development, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Overseas business is growing at a slower rate than expected, and there is a risk of innovative medicine development, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial intelligence in the East.
1st team leader, Zhang Jinyang, 7th team core member for new wealth in 2015, and 3rd team core member for crystal ball in 2015. B.A. Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, B.A. in Economics, and Kings Business College, three years old.
Research. With the multiplicity of pharmaceutical + economy, industry + capital, multi-year industrial experience in capital work has given it a deeper and more contextual understanding of the functioning of the pharmaceutical industry, with more in-depth research and unique insights into the industry as a whole.
There are investment opportunities, such as internationalization. Research with a Ph.D.-level logical perspective + ground-based research + hard work, especially on chemicals, medicine internationalization – in-depth research and unique insights.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.