Topper Group (601689.sh) Automobiles/car parts Automobile nvh industry leader, new business opening up medium- and long-term growth space - Top Group first coverage report
The country’s leading car nvh industry, with a growing market share, is a leading car nvh industry in the country. The car nvh sector has a large market space, but the market is less concentrated.
In 2018, it was estimated that the domestic market for company rubber-shocked products reached 17%, the domestic market for interior appliance products reached 9%, and the future market share will remain much higher.
The company is a few manufacturers around the world who have access to the hard steel and light alloy core processes at the same time. The company has five core processes around the light and quantitative business layout, namely, the exercise process, the vacuum precision casting process, the depressure casting process, and the squeezed casting process.
At present, chassis operations include sub-cars, control arm, turnovers, etc., with high value and market space. Currently, the company has successfully entered the Tesla set system, providing Tesla with co-cars, chassis structures, etc. The light-quantified chassis business has become a product.
Minimum/highest in a year: The company maintains the most important engine for rapid growth.
High-value-added automobile electronics are the core business of companies moving to technology-based enterprises. Before this, companies are actively deploying smart brakes and smarts to two core systems, thereby building up their research and development capabilities to extend product lines to electronic vacuum pumps, electronic water pumps, and other second-tier electronics products.
At the same time, companies are actively developing key modules of the smart brake system ibs, which are expected to reach 1.5 million units by 2022, in keeping with the pace of the world’s giants. Companies are not expected to fully benefit from the dividends of intelligent driving.
Profit forecasts, valuations, and ratings are multiplied. A combination of the “new quadrupling” trends in the automobile industry, the company's successful entry into the Tesla apparel system, the increase in the value of the bicycles and the continuous improvement in the company's profitability are given to the company in 2020.
The main clients are not as risky as expected, raw material prices are at a high risk of rising significantly, and new business development is at a low rate of 44, 33 and 28 times higher, respectively.
Large, the company has successfully entered the Tesla appliance system, with a full increase in the value of the bicycle package, and sustained profitability of the company 2) rubber shock reduction operations: assuming a steady and continuous increase in market ownership for rubber shock operations, product price guarantee 3) interior apparel operations: assuming a steady and steady increase in market ownership for interior appliance operations, product prices
4) Bottom system operations: assuming a rapid increase in sales of the bottom system ' s operational products, national product Tesla 2020 1) Autonvh operations (rubber shock relief and interior features): top advantage, downstream demand recovery, city 2) bottom system operations: technological advantage, access to the national product Tesla supply system, increased demand;
3) Smart brake system operations: pre-emptive advantage, electricization of the automobile industry, increase in the rate of intelligentization, demand for a new global crown epidemic that exceeds the expected risks, less than the expected risks, less than the expected risks for major customers, higher risks for raw materials prices, less than the expected risks for new business development
The company's revenue history, the detailed breakdown of projections, and the leading car nvh industry, which is actively expanding its emerging business.
Industry, mainly concerned with the development and manufacture of products in the areas of carnvh systems, power chassis systems, and smart driving control systems. The company has the highest level of technology and research and development in carnvh, one of the few suppliers of Nvh parts and components in the country that have the capacity to synchronize their full-scale research and development.
Autonomous branded auto parts and components manufacturing enterprises that entered the global whole parts and components procurement system early on. Figure 1: Corporate development history. To date, the company has expanded to five product lines: production of shock-mitigating products, product lines of accessories, and bottom production.
More than 5,000 products, such as lines of goods, electronics, light-quantified product lines. With leading R & D technology, manufacturing technology, quality management, and global supply capacity, companies have established good technical cooperation relationships with a large number of domestic and international car manufacturers to design multi-type subsystems and car matching.
Global suppliers of automobile manufacturers such as Audi, BMW, Chrysler, General, Gilly, Ford, Benz, Porsche, the general public, etc., are now synchronized to support the development of global projects.
The structure of the company ' s equity is clear, and the company ' s actual controller, Mr. Jianjio, currently holds 66.94 per cent of the Tupou Group ' s shares directly and indirectly by holding 100 per cent of the shares in the Mayco International Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd. Figure 3: The company ' s real owners together hold 66.94 per cent of the shares
According to the company ' s annual performance forecast for 2019, the public chassis system operations have been growing rapidly in recent years, with revenues of $1,167 million in 2018 and the elimination of 730 million Fodonnas from the previous three quarters.
In the future, as the project moves forward, it will open up new opportunities for profit growth for companies. With regard to the Māori ratio, the annual downward pressure on downstream customers and the addition of a new production zone, due to the low market for passenger cars, is likely to increase the profit margin.
The resulting increase in depreciation has led to a decline in the company ' s Māori rate in recent years, with the Māori rate in the first three quarters of 2019 showing a decline in the company ' s Māori rate in the first half of the year, mainly due to higher raw materials and labour costs, and depreciation of fixed assets.
2. The nvh industry is wide-ranging and market concentrations are low. Carnvh parts and components are usually divided into two categories: shock-resilient products and noise-reducing products, mainly rubber-resilient products and spring-resistance-resistance products, with rubber-resilient products undergoing consolidation.
The vehicle system is most widely distributed and is used for elastic connections and buffers between a variety of structural elements, such as power aggregates, body bodies, chassis, etc. The spring-side refrigerators consist mainly of a variety of suspension springs and hydraulic cylinders that provide elastic connections to tyres and bodies and provide resistance.
Noise-reducing products consist mainly of soundproofing products and sealing products. Sound-proof products cover a wide range and are distributed mainly in engine compartments, passenger compartments, luggage compartments and chassis, among which are the top sheds, main carpets, etc., and are also important components of sound control in vehicles, and are therefore often used as sound-proof products in the area of nvh.
Consider; Sealed products refer mainly to doors, window seals, which are mainly sealed to isolate air noise transmissions; at present, the company has two main types of products: rubber decomposition and soundproofing. Figure 9: Specific classification of car nvh parts
The market for car rubber tremors includes the oem market and the am market, the oem market has certain requirements for the financial strength of suppliers, the size of production, the level of matching capacity, the level of technology and the cost, and only one branch of the industry has access to the caroem market, while the am market threshold is relatively low and the number of suppliers is larger.
The market is relatively more competitive, and we've made a preliminary calculation of the rubber-shock market space, oem market space:
Assumption I: 8 per cent of the projected reduction in vehicle production in 2020 compared with the corresponding decline of 1965 million; 10 per cent decrease in vehicle sales in 2020 compared to 19.3 million vehicles; 5 per cent increase in vehicle production in 2021 compared to the corresponding increase in vehicle production
The price of a single set of products was the average market price for the year. Scenario one: changes in vehicle holdings only take into account additional passenger traffic. Scenario two: reference to Status of the Nvh Rubber Depositioning Component Industry in the Automotive Industry, Market Demand and Development Outlook.
In thousands of kilometres, the normal replacement of the nvh rubber shock unit is required twice during the useful life of each vehicle. In 100,000 kilometres per vehicle per five years, the vehicle is required to replace the nvh rubber shock unit twice over a 10-year period. In 2015, for example, the company ' s price for each rubber shock package is approximately $509.39 per year.
The soundproofing product (intra-branding) of a car is usually subject to replacement only in the event of an accident in the car, so the market capacity is small and negligible. Thus, the domestic market capacity of soundproof products is roughly the same as that of the country’s internal oem market, with enterprises mainly serving the oem market.
The threshold is relatively low, so the market is more competitive than the rubber-shocked oem market.The built-in function market space measurement: an annual 5 per cent rise in vehicle usage to 2,063,000 vehicles per year;
Assumption II: According to company operations data, the price of each set of rubber-shocked products in 2015 was about the average market price for the year oem, and according to company operations data, the market share of company interior apparel products in the oem market has increased year after year.
In general, the car nvh industry has a larger space, a large number of participating firms, and a low concentration of markets. And companies, both technologically and financially, have a greater advantage and are at the forefront of the industry, and we are in the best interests of the public.
Electricity and energy-saving reductions are driving the light-quantified growth of cars.
The light quantification of cars is consistent with the trends of motorization and energy-saving reduction in the automobile industry, and the market is promising.
Currently, there are three main technical pathways for achieving light quantification: 1) optimize the light quantitative design of the body structure, and allow for the optimal design of the structure using such techniques as structural decomposition and cad, cae, to reduce the amount of useless materials, wall thickness, spare parts, etc., such as modular integration design, structural optimisation, etc. 2) use of advanced systems
Artificial techniques such as laser welding, pressure formation, high-strength steel thermal formation, internal high-pressure formation, and advanced connection technologies such as structural glue glue and Fae material reticulation. 3) Application of high-intensity and lightweight materials such as high-strength steel, ultra-strength steel plates, aluminium alloys, magnesium alloys, engineering plastics and fibre-enhanced composites.
Aluminium alloys, aluminium magnesium alloys, and carbon fibre composites are the three main directions currently explored by the company. Of these, aluminum alloys, with their better performance, are more favoured by the company, and it is worth mentioning that the structural design of aluminium steel is optimized to achieve secondary weight reduction, with a direct effect reduction of 50-100%.
Ming, using 1 kg aluminium as an alternative to 2.25 kg of self-weight steel with a weight reduction of up to 125% and a life-cycle reduction of 20 kgg in exhaust gas emissions. Thus, aluminum alloys, based on their high strength, recirculation, tolerance, corrosion, low density, etc., can become high-quality materials for vehicle weight reduction, and the use of aluminium in cars will increase rapidly.
In the long run, aluminium for cars will enter the gold phase. According to the objectives of the road map for energy-saving and new-energy vehicle manufacturing technology, by 2030: the proportion of high-power steel applications will increase significantly; the amount of aluminium per vehicle will exceed 350 kg; the amount of magnesium alloy 45 kg per vehicle; carbon fibre will weigh the weight of the car
5%. Currently, the proportion of high-intensity steel in the international mainstream is over 70% of the body, with the use of high-intensity steel in autonomous brands reaching 45%. China is known to be the most common country for high-intensity steel applications, with a body ratio close to 50%, and is expected to be as high as 60-65% in the future, but very high-intensity and advanced high-intensity steel is significant.
At present, the company is actively expanding in the area of low-quantity of the chassis system, whether in high-strength steel or aluminium alloys, to increase customer selection by providing an interchangeable solution for customers.
The size of the market for aluminum alloy chassis zero components in 2018 is estimated to be over 30 billion yuan in 2024. 437 million yuan (730 million yuan out of Camp Fortona) will be collected at the end of 2018.
It is calculated that the company has only 6.24 per cent of the market for parts of the aluminium alloy chassis, and that there is much room for growth in the future, and we believe that the company will fully enjoy the dividends of electricization and light quantitative development changes in the automobile industry in the future.4 The technological changes in the automobile industry have stimulated the potential for electronic car demand.
4.1. New energy vehicles and turbo boosters generally increase the demand for electronic vacuum pumps The traditional motor brakes are magnified through vacuum boosters and drive hydraulic systems to generate engine power.
The technological changes described above have led to a lack of vacuum in the motors for vacuum boosters and the addition of vacuum pumps, which are currently the first to solve the problem, mainly in electronic and mechanical forms, and more sophisticated than mechanical pumps.
Yes. Electronic vacuum pumps are directly powered by electric machines to create vacuum sources, which are not affected by engine conditions, such as the rate of pumping, and can provide a stable vacuum source for the boosters. Currently, electronic vacuum pumps are standard configurations for turbo-pressure and new-energy vehicle power.
As a result of the epidemic, we expect a 8 per cent drop in vehicle production in 2020 to 1965 million. According to the Gaius Automobile Institute, we will have 48 per cent turbo pressure penetration in 2020. According to the new industry think tank, we will have about 1.22 million new vehicles in 2020.
The demand for air pumps is expected to reach about 10.65 million units, and the market for electronic vacuum pumps is expected to reach about 2.8 billion if calculated at a unit cost of 260 parts per unit of electronic vacuum pumps. In the future, the market space for electronic vacuum pumps will expand further as the penetration rate of turbo-pressure increases, hybrid power, and the sale of new energy vehicles continue to increase.
The smart brake system (ibs) is at the heart of the autopilot enforcement layer.
In addition, safety indicators have been one of the core standards in the area of automobiles. More and more car models have used the main mobile security system as a standard configuration. These include the emergency auto brake system (aeb), the electronic stability of the body.
Systems (esc), active driveway maintenance, self-adaptation to cruise control and automated parking technology, etc., require smart brake systems as implementing agencies. In recent years, countries like Europe and America have developed a system of regulations and technical standards for active safety of vehicle brake configurations.
For autopilots and active security systems, ibs play an extremely important role as a key module at the implementation level. At the same time, for new energy vehicles, conventional vacuum-aided brake systems are not available and need to be used.
Newly structured brake systems are replaced. And ibs have the advantage of being efficient, responsive, scalable and able to perform active safety functions, which is the best brake solution for new-energy cars. In the future, with the rapid eruption of the smart car industry and the rapid growth of the new-energy car market, smart brake systems will create huge markets.
Field space. According to stumpage information consultation data, the size of the ibs market was around $2.5 billion in 2020.5 Corporate core competitiveness analysis 5.1. Product categories continue to expand, adding momentum to medium- and long-term development
In response to changes in the automobile industry, the company has been active in expanding light-weight and auto-electronic operations based on the consolidation of the existing business lines. As of 2019h1, the shock-resilient business received 40.77 per cent of the total, the interior parts, and in 2018, Fudona, the 2019h1 generated $498 million, making it a new growth point for the company’s profitability.
The brake system operations are now receiving relatively small revenues, and as the project moves forward in the future they will open up new profitability gains for companies with higher technical barriers to their operations in 5.1.1, nvh, which have simultaneous R & D capabilities, and are one of the few high-quality suppliers in the country with a nvh synchronization of R & D capabilities and systems integration capabilities.
Among these are the following: total power suspension, liners, rubber metal sets, axle reversal reversors, aluminium pressure casting, etc.; and interior apparel products such as car interiors, suitcase accessories, interior packagings, soundproofing pads, etc. High qualification barriers and higher technical barriers exist in the autonvh industry oem market, with companies relying on themselves
The technological advantage of this is the continued rise in the share of businesses in this area, which provides stable support for companies ' performance. Figure 14: Corporate rubber shock products received annually and increased at the same rate (millions of dollars) Figure 15: Corporate interior apparel products received at the same rate (billions)
5.1.2. The bottom plate is a rich business product with a fully crafted company as a small global manufacturer capable of simultaneously mastering the core process of high-strength steel and light alloys.
At present, chassis operations include sub-cars, control arm, turning arm, etc. The chassis products are of high value and have greater market space. The chassis is the most important engine for maintaining high growth in the public administration.
The company's chassis is a light-quantified business year-on-year revenue and a similar rate of increase (millions of dollars), the auto electronics business opens up room for companies to grow in the future, and the high value-added automobile electronics are the company's transition to a technology-based enterprise, the core industry for the future.
The company has developed three-generation products, such as cylindrical electronic vacuum auxiliary pumps (generation pumps), leaf-formed electronic vacuum auxiliary pumps (generation two pumps) and leaf-formed electronic vacuum stand-alone pumps for new-energy vehicles, for thousands of customers, both within and outside the country. The company ' s car smart brake system project ibs, given that in September 2017, a foreign company in the country joined forces.
In order to ensure the reliability of ibs, the company decided that the company ' s smart brake system project ibs would produce 1.5 million units. 5.2. Client structural advantages are evident, with high-quality customers sharing prosperity.
In recent years, companies have been expanding their customers and developing rapidly with the outbreak of major customers. As a general-purpose vehicle provider, companies have gradually expanded their collaboration from upper-air to universal-based global.
In October 2016, the General Motors Global Synchronization and Development project was acquired, corresponding to the Gem platform, which has a six-year life cycle, mainly in Brazil, Mexico and China, and the project is expected to increase the company ' s revenue by about $1.68 billion. With regard to new car planning in 2020, the general flag of the air is Becron and Chevlankoruzer.
A 1.5-litre four-cylinder engine model with a new model of 12b will be added to reverse the volume of sales generated by a single three-cylinder machine; at the same time, Buick and Chevrolem will introduce multi-diversions and new models, including conventional fuel and new energy vehicles; and Cadillac's lead advantage in the Volvo 2 camp is still evident.
From 2015 to 2017, Jilly's car, one of the company's most important customers, came to power, and Jilly now sells more than 10,000 single-month multi-car sales, in both the car and the suv markets.
In terms of product structure, Gilly has a rich layout in both the car and the suv, and both markets perform well, and when market trends are changing, sales are not affected by product preferences. In terms of vehicle-type distribution, Gilly’s entry-level products are well recognized in the market.
In terms of consumer-grade products, the market is wide enough to meet the requirements of the main consumer groups for the purchase of cars, which provides the basis for a steady increase in sales. For Tesla, the company received a Tesla supply agreement in 2016, which was approved for supply to Tesla.
The company entered the Teslamodel3 support system in 2019, providing it with the chassis, parts and interior accessories, and increased its vehicle value to about $6,000.
According to vsales data, the global volume of new energy vehicles in 2019 was about 2.21 million, 10 per cent more than the previous year. Tesla defeated the global sales of the Four Champs and Biadi became the new sales champion. By selling more than 138,000 vehicles, it became the best-selling car company in the world’s new energy vehicles, with a 17 per cent market share.
Teslamodel3 is the highest-selling type of electric vehicle in the year, with a global sales of about 300,000 vehicles, with a 14% market share, and an unmistakable burst of gas. Tesla is equally strong in the US market, where, according to Wind data, the U.S. used electric cars in 2012
The sales volume was 52,607, and by 2019 it grew to 32,9266, with an annual compound increase of 30%. In 2012, sales grew at a rapid rate of 84%.
In the future, Tesla’s performance in China’s markets is likely to replicate its performance in the global and US markets, and cars, sales, have risen in reverse, ranking first. The sale price of the national product, Model3, has been detected below 300,000, showing a very strong product power.
Model3 performed well in performance compared to the high power version of the luxury fuel car competition and had a greater price advantage; Model3 performed better in performance than the low power version of the luxury car competition, and based on the sales performance of the United States market model3, according to data from the Pacific Car Network, it was small and medium-sized in the United States.
In short, as a follow-up show, the market position of the traditional small and medium-sized cars is threatened by the fact that these phenomena may also appear in the domestic market.
Prior to that, the first deliveries of national production model3 had reached 30%, and the price of model3 still had room to decline as the level of national production rose further, when the impact on the main fuel luxury car became more pronounced. The performance of the United States’ small and medium-sized car market in 2019 was more pronounced.
Compared to the new state-produced energy vehicle with the same technology route, the model3 version of the standard renewal is slightly more pronounced in terms of mileage and accelerated performance, but the model3 version has a clear advantage. Moreover, Tesla’s leading edge in terms of product branding and smart driving technology is now unshakeable.
At the national Model3 delivery ceremony, Tesla President Mask announced that the Modely model would be ready for production in the second quarter of 2020 at the Shanghai factory. Modely was the fifth model of the Tesla model, the compact suv, the modely based on the suv model of Model3 and used a lot of model3 designs.
However, the overall size is 10% larger than the model3 and there will be an increase in the in-car space, with two vehicles having a high common rate of spare parts of over 70%, so the company is expected to provide the modely model with the same type of spare parts as the model3 and, in some cases, to increase in volume.
Three models have accumulated and explored experience in the Chinese market, and modely models produced with the Model3 platform will either become an additional member of the “explosives”.6 Financial analysis: performance continues to improve, roe can be repaired upwards.
6.1. Corporate performance continues to improve, with 2019 q3 net profit upwards, and quarterly, due to the depressed industry, the single-season profit boom began in the second quarter of 2018.
In recent years, the company’s Roe level has declined. As Dupont’s analysis shows, the decline in net interest rates on sales and asset turnover is the main cause of the decline in the Roe level.
As a result of the increase in the cost of materials and the increase in the depreciation of new assets, the company began to increase capital spending since 2017, and by the fourth quarter of 2017, the company ' s fixed assets and construction work in progress increased significantly. In 2019, the company adjusted the pace of expansion to 610 million yuan in capital spending in the first three quarters of 2019, depending on the industry.
The growth in fixed assets and construction-in-progress tends to slow down, and the pressure on depreciation amortization gradually decreases. In the future, with improved demand from downstream customers and lower costs of some raw materials, the net interest rate on corporate sales is expected to pick up gradually.
The decline in the liquidity of the company’s assets was largely caused by the combined liquidity of fixed assets and current assets. Among these, the under-release of the additional capacity was the main reason for the decline in the liquidity of assets. In the future, with the release of the demand of downstream clients, the company’s capacity utilization rate will increase and the company’s Roe level will increase.
Our projections for the segmentation and profitability of company operations are based on the following core assumptions: 5 per cent of annual passenger vehicle production increased by 5 per cent to 2,063,000 vehicles on a year-on-year basis.2 Rubber shock operations: product unit prices are stable and market rates are rising steadily.
3) Built-in feature operations: product unit prices are stable and market rates are rising steadily. 4) Underboard system operations: Tesla orders continue to be released. 5) Smart brake system operations: after the roll-out of the project, it is expected that by 2022, the company will have an electronic vacuum.
The pump project will produce 2.6 million units; the company ' s car smart brake system project ibs will produce enough to take into account electric, light and intelligent trends in the automobile industry based on the company ' s history and comparable company values, the market space in various areas, the company ' s growth space, and the company ' s entry into Tesla.
Accompaniment systems, a high volume of vehicle value and continuous improvements in corporate profitability have given companies a new global crown epidemic in 2020 that outperformed the expected risks, the car landscape was less than expected, major customers were under-addressed, raw materials prices were at a high risk, and new business developments were not as fast as expected.