Keeping performance up fast, determining future high growth
Half-yearly in-depth follow-up on the Tiger Medicine report (300347), Lee Ping-hoon realized a net profit of 219 million won on shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 82.78 per cent over the previous year; and realized a deduction.
Wang Xiaoqi 94.87%; achieves eps0.25. 2. Our analysis and judgment
We are looking forward to the future of the company, which, on the one hand, is a domestic clinical experiment that provides information for the preparation of this report.
(a) Prominently leading enterprises, with significant advantages in clinical research and business experience, and increasing service capacity: on the other hand, through the establishment of investment funds, new affiliates abroad, and strategic cooperation, companies are actively expanding their business areas, opening up potential clients and increasing their own stock of high-quality projects;
In addition, companies continue to increase their investment in research and development, promoting business integration and restructuring, and improving operational efficiency.
Analysis of high levels of offshoring services: (3) leading levels of biosample analysis. Clinical trial services have grown rapidly and Māori rates have increased significantly, (1) continuous development of clinical trial operations; (2) high capacity for clinical research on innovative medicines; and (3) high level of international multi-centre clinical coverage.
Experiment: (4) The range of clinical research services is extensive and the disease-related areas are covered. In addition, the evaluation of the consistency of innovation drug research and development in the country continues to evolve, with domestic business in Biti actively expanding the field of operations and increasing the stock of high-quality projects. (1) Accelerating the pace of equity investment.
During the reporting period, several new drug investment funds were established with the Medical Health Industry M & As Fund: (2) additional affiliates outside the country to expand European operations; (3) strategic cooperation to achieve operational synergies and advantages; sustained and increased investment in R & D; improved integration and alignment of operations; and more efficient operations.
Equity incentives are wide-ranging and talent incentives are gradually improving. (1) They are broad-based. (2) They are designed to attract and retain good talent and to motivate core and technical teams for the long-term development of the company.
We look forward to a high rate of growth in the company ' s future performance, with a projected high rate of net (i) return performance from 2018 to 2020, a good business performance of 1.18q2 and a marked increase in the co-opt ratio and the Māori rate.
The growth rate of the 18o2 ring ratio is significant and the Māori rate has risen. 18h1 company operating income has increased by 38.96 per cent in the same year, with net profit from the mother and net profit from non-repatriation increasing by 82.78 per cent and 80.90 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, 18q2 battalions received $560 million (+44.28 per cent in the same year and +18.29 per cent in the same year), and net return from the mother was $123 million (+60.99 per cent in the same year and +28.00 per cent in the same year).
The rate was 45.83 per cent (+2.68 pp), and the Māori rate increased in the same year, mainly as a result of business efficiency gains and the gradual elimination of the impact of previous orders.
2. A slight increase in the cost rate over the period (ii) in the performance of the main business, with the share of domestic operations rising relative to the increase in the rate of growth and stability in the level of advisory services related to clinical research
With steady growth in performance, we assume that Smo operations, medical video diagnostics, and data management and statistical analysis, bioanalysis, cmc, among others, are growing faster.
(1) Crc service acceptance, Smo business expansion continues to grow, and Hangzhou Simmer, one of the largest Smo companies in the country, focuses on providing crc services to clinical trial institutions and researchers. On the one hand, the client acceptance of crc has gradually increased, while Hang Simmer continues to expand Smo
Operations, improved network layout nationwide, and smo performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. (2) The high level of offshore services in clinical trial data management and statistical analysis.
Firms provide offshoring services for their pharmaceutical clinical research, and are among the few countries that have the capacity to participate in global pharmaceutical research and development of 10,000 yuan (+25.49 per cent), with a steady pace of performance. We believe that high levels of offshore services for corporate clinical trial data management and statistical analysis help companies to improve their performance overseas.
(iii) Biospecies analysis levels are ahead of schedule. A subsidiary in Shanghai has a leading biological sample analysis level in the country, with skilled professionals and state-of-the-art equipment that can provide a full range of biosampling analysis services to clients. We believe that the current evaluation of domestic consistency is taking place.
At a peak, Shanghai Fonda, with a high-quality bioanalysing business, will get more orders, boost better performance. 2. Rapid growth in clinical trial technology services, significant increases in Maori performance, not only at a rapid rate, but also a significant increase in Maori, which we assume is due mainly to innovative medicine in the country.
The surge has contributed to the rapid growth of the company’s clinical trial operations (including the 1-iv clinical trials, registrations, etc.), while the other side’s generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation has contributed to the faster increase in the number and prices of the Be pilot project.
(a) During the reporting period, the company promoted the development of a ii-iv clinical centre with medical institutions with various needs for clinical research in the country.
(b) The establishment by the Ministry of Medicine of an early research institute focusing on the management of 1-11 clinical research projects, which provides input into the current large number of early clinical studies.
(c) Building a ii-iv clinical research team in North America to expand offshore operations. Be trial operators, during the reporting period, (a) the company stepped up its efforts to assist more than 20 medical institutions in capacity-building in clinical research during the hierarchies and to slow down the shortage of clinical research institutes; (b) participating organizations formed a Be coalition to address technology and synergies in the Be project.
Management challenges; (c) Convergence Hospital is committed to building a high-capacity i-Clinic Research Centre in the country, which has the capacity to conduct pre-be trials during the reporting period. We believe that companies will continue to advance i-iv clinical trials, book development to meet the country’s clinical outsourcing needs for innovative drug research and development, and will continue to upgrade Be pilot operations.
In response to the trend towards a generic evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, the performance of the support clinical trial technology module has grown rapidly. (2) Innovative pharmaceutical clinical research capacity is strong. As of the reporting period, companies were involved in 91 innovative pharmaceutical varieties, involving more than 150 innovative pharmaceutical clinical studies involving more than 150 pharmaceutical products.
The company is carrying out 52 national clinical trials on innovative medicines, including major scientific and technical projects in several countries, such as “XV”, “XI V” and “XII”, the National 863 Project, and the National Innovation Fund project, China and China.
Major technology projects, major technology projects in Zhejiang province, and major science and technology projects in Guangzhou City, among others. We believe that, in the midst of the country’s aggressive drive for innovative drug research and development, the demand for outsourcing of research and development continues to grow, and companies have a strong capacity to conduct clinical research on innovative drugs, helping to sustain good performance.
By the end of the reporting period, the company was involved in more than 100 international multi-centre clinical trials, one of the few countries in which the international multi-centre clinical trials could be carried out.
In the broader context of XIX, companies have the capacity to undertake high-level international multi-centre clinical trials and are well placed to perform better overseas in the internationalization of bed-testing services. (4) The range of clinical research services and the areas covered by the disease are wide-ranging.
The company's clinical research operations include almost all the clinical trials presented in our country's gcp, including the ethics committee, the choice of researchers, the design of the trial programme, the testing inspection, the management of the clinical test data collection, the statistical design analysis and reporting of the experiment, the management of the experimental drug, etc., and the full range of services that can satisfy the vast majority of domestic and international pharmaceutical products.
Formerly completed research projects cover a number of medical fields, such as hepatitis, tumours, cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases. We believe that the scope of the company’s clinical research services is wide-ranging and involves disease-related areas, and that overall competitiveness has improved, facilitating companies’ access to more orders to further improve their performance.
Figure 3: Corporate income from various types of projects (millions of dollars) and speed of increase
The share of domestic operations has risen. 218h1 companies achieved $534 million in domestic operations, an increase of 66.71 per cent, or 51.73 per cent in total receipts, compared to 8.57 per cent in the same period last year. Foreign operations achieved $498 million, the same as the rapid growth in clinical trials driven by the surge in domestic innovation drug research and development, and a similar assessment of pharmaceutical consistency.
Price drives the number of Be tests and faster prices. 4. Equity investment returns are growing rapidly, and they are expected to continue to grow in the future; Equity investment returns are growing rapidly, and they are expected to grow in the future.
Gold and health industry M & A funds, investment returns and financial assets available for sale are growing rapidly. 18h1 companies have achieved investment returns of $31,439.99 million, an increase of 67.78 per cent, or 14.38 per cent, of net return. 18h1 is available to generate a high return on investment, while on the other hand, it increases the stock of high-quality projects and enhances customer stickyness and access to investment.
(iii) Actively expanding the business area by increasing the stock of high-quality projects and looking at long-term sustainable development 2018h1, with companies actively expanding the business area in a variety of ways, increasing the stock of high-quality projects and contributing to long-term sustainable development in the future.
1. Accelerating the pace of equity investment by participating in several new drug investment funds and M&As in the health-care industry during the reporting period.
It is proposed to set up a new pharmaceutical dollar investment fund called tfcapitalfundiiil.p. The investment area is focused on early projects focusing on innovative medicines and new technologies, including small molecules, biopharmaceuticals, cell therapy, genetic editing drugs, etc.
On 4 July, the company proposed to launch a new drug fund with investments of up to 80 million yuan in Thai equity. The investment area was focused on the early stages of innovative medicine and new technologies.
The main types of investment are equity acquisitions, replenishments, new investments, or other funds invested in a single project.
The partnership agreement was signed with Yingda and other donors to invest in a company that invests in health care. The total figure is US$ 1-1.5 billion, and the company has agreed to contribute US$ 20 million. The partnership investment area focuses on health-related industries and includes, but is not limited to, home-grown start-up, long-term and long-term services such as medicine, medical equipment, medical health services, etc.
On 30 June, the company’s investment platform, Teg’s equity, was set up to launch a health-care investment fund with its own funds of $57 million, in conjunction with the associated legal person, Tatchen, in the health-care sector.
On 24 April, the company's investment platform, Tags, was set up in partnership with Watson Bio-based Fund for M & A in the health-care industry. On April 24, the company's investment platform, T.A., was set to contribute $53.5 million, or 15.286 per cent of its share, respectively. The M & As in the health-care industry is in the area of biopharmaceuticals for a five-year period. We believe that this collaboration will help the company to make a difference.
On March 29, the company ' s investment platform, Tag, was to sign a limited partnership agreement with Kaiping Su and other donors to invest in the Sioux industrial estate.
The partnership investment area is mainly for enterprises in sectors such as health and health, with equity or equity investments. Participation in the venture is expected to increase to 1.7 billion yuan.
The partnership is currently not more than $800 million, and the company has pledged $20 million. The investment area is focused on medicine, biotech, medical care, medical care, and medical care.
On 19 January, the company’s investment platform, Teg, was to be linked to the investment of shares in the pharmaceutical industry.
In the interim, the company and the pharmaceutical industry and the Chinese capital have pledged 20 million yuan, 100 million yuan, 10 million yuan, and the rest have been co-financed.
With the aim of integrating productive resources for the development and development of innovative medicines, high-end generics, and raw materials, we believe that the company’s involvement in investing in the establishment of a new drug investment fund and a health industry M&A fund can, on the one hand, complement each other by promoting the company’s introduction of marketed capital and external resources, through industrial integration, merger restructuring, independent listing, etc.
The cooperative model, on the other hand, can leverage the expertise and risk-control capabilities of the M & A fund to increase its own high-quality project reserves.
On April 5, in Rome, the company added a new subsidiary, opracontractresearchorgazinesssrl. We believe that this new subsidiary could help accelerate the implementation of the company’s network layout in Europe, expand its operations in Europe, and launch a large international multi-centre for the company.
3. Strategic collaboration to achieve operational synergies and complementarities 3. Strategic cooperation agreements with Innovative Pharmaceutical Industries and Drug Industries to achieve operational complementarities and complementarities to help create synergies and complementarities.
On September 11, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement with Shanghai and Drugs to develop a comprehensive strategic cooperation on clinical research and development in the field of drugs. The core elements include: (1) the company ' s advisory services for the development of drug registration and clinical research programmes and clinical declarations in marine and drug clinics; and
Review the clearance to ensure the scientific soundness of the research programme and arrange for relevant personnel to assist in the review through clinical declaration cde. (2) Probability of companies providing clinical research for sea and drug-based innovative drug information, proposed introduction projects. (3) Cooperation includes, but is not limited to, the commissioning of clinical examinations, data management and statistics, medicine by sea and drug-priority companies.
Services such as services, drug alerts, quality control, training of personnel, medical imagery, pk sample testing, central laboratory testing, actual testing of samples and experimental drug logistics. (4) The company will assign specific personnel to be docked in accordance with the needs of sea and drug products and clinical development, and will provide related services under an independent contract between the parties for specific projects.
The Division selects its own staff to form teams to provide high-quality professional services for sea and drug projects. (6) The company first arranges resources for clinical trials of riverine drugs. Sea and drugs are a biomedical enterprise focused on the development of innovative drugs for complex diseases such as tumours, metabolic diseases, etc., and has established a fully functional and technologically advanced pre-clinical evaluation of new medicines.
Technical platforms and clinical research systems, modular systems covering drug synthesis, quality research, formulation research, pharmacopharmacological effectiveness evaluation, biomarker discovery and recognition, medical strategic planning and clinical research have created a new, competitive, inter-national drug research and development system and product line, with 10 clinical compounds and 5 preclinical compounds.
It was argued that this strategic collaboration with the sea and drugs would help to maximize their respective strengths, achieve operational synergies and complementarities, and contribute to a win-win situation between the two sides in the field of clinical research on innovative drugs. (iv) Sustained and increased investment in research and development, further integration and restructuring of operations to improve operational efficiency
On the one hand, companies insist on technology-driven investment in R & D. On the other hand, 2018h1 R & D invested $50,696.6 million, an increase of 86.12 per cent, or 4.51 per cent, compared to the same period last year, an increase of 1.24 pp. On the other hand, companies have followed policy changes to provide communication platforms for domestic and foreign clients to promote business development.
During the reporting period, the company conducted a number of ongoing seminars to promote the internationalization of pharmaceutical research and development, and to promote business integration and efficiency. During the reporting period, the company undertook a series of business integrations and adjustments to improve overall operational efficiency.
Work to improve the efficiency of clinical projects. (2) Construction of an integrated one-stop medical device service system, prior period instrument testing, system building, instrument registration, full range of services from clinical research and evaluation, data management and statistics. (3) Further integration of data management and statistical teams to the harmonization of corporate data management and statistical analysis teams.
Rationale, to form a global business team of nearly 600 people, making full use of local resources to facilitate the rapid development of the business module. (4) The restructuring of the dreamcis business structure, which achieved almost equal gains and losses during the reporting period, is expected to bring about an increase in the company ' s performance in the future, with continuous improvement in the business architecture.
In August 18, the company launched a stock options incentive scheme. The plan proposes to grant a total of 5 million equity options, representing about 1.00 per cent of the total stock of the company during the reporting period, and a total of 379 persons, including the core of the company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Technical (operational) personnel and some of those who have worked in the company for three years. Of these, 4 million were awarded for the first time, representing 80 per cent of the total credits awarded, or about 0.80 per cent of the total stock stock of the company during the reporting period; 1 million were reserved, representing the total number of planned awards, to determine individual mobility factors based on performance appraisals. Our understanding of this incentive scheme is as follows:
Incentives ranged from 379 people, covering the core technical (industry) staff of companies and fully-owned subsidiaries to some of those who have worked in the company for three years. (2) The purpose is to attract and retain good talent, mobilize motivation, and effectively combine the personal interests of shareholders, companies and operators.
The Director has developed a long way. Compared to the company’s recent collection performance, this exercise or lifting of restrictions is not very demanding, and the completion of the performance test on time is a general event, with the practical aim of mobilizing motivation, tying the individual interests of the core team to the company’s development, and increasing the efficiency of its operations. It also shows the public that the company’s focus on talent helps to attract more talent.
Add. (3) Incentive amortization costs have little impact on performance. If awarded in September, the corresponding share of amortization costs for 2018-2021 is released well above the increase in amortization costs. Table 4: Conditions and arrangements for this equity incentive scheme
Table 5: The equity incentive scheme grants a share of the corresponding amortization costs The company’s semi-annual performance has been growing at a high rate, benefiting from the domestic innovation drug research and development boom and the approximation of generics, and we have a strong hand order, and we look forward to its future. The company is the absolute leader of the clinical trials in the country.
On the one hand, the advantages of a company ' s clinical research capacity and business experience are evident and its service capacity is increasing; on the other hand, through the establishment of investment funds, new offshore subsidiaries and strategic cooperation, companies are actively expanding their business areas, opening up potential clients and increasing their own reserves of high-quality projects; and, on the other hand, they are continuously increasing their investment in research and development, promoting business integration and restructuring and improving operational effectiveness.
Rates. We look forward to a long-term high growth of companies as the champions of clinical outsourcing, with a forecast of net profit-backing industries from 2018 to 2020 increasing the risk: the risk of loss of core skilled personnel: research and development on innovative medicines and evaluation of consistency are not progressing as expected.