Research assistant: Song Jinh Dynasty realized a net return profit of $9.334 billion, an increase of 19.50 per cent, a net difference of 1.94 per cent, a decrease of 1 bp, a net profit spread.
Commercial banks are at a better level. Thanks to financial regulation, among other things, companies grow 7.06 per cent on a year-on-year basis, significantly slower than in 2016 (+21.16 per cent), but the income structure has been optimized to a total of $8.925 billion in non-interest income for the year, which is an important source of revenue, compared with a 6.69 percentage point decline in net interest income over the same period last year.
Assets and liabilities were optimized, with a net spread rising. At the end of the asset, total lending grew slightly more rapidly than in the same period last year, with a 14 per cent increase, and companies rationalized their asset allocation structures and strengthened their allocation of maturities and currency market funds.
At the end of the debt, the company reduced its impact on interest differentials by raising the ratio of current deposits. At the end of the year, the ratio of current deposits reached 52.58%, a 1.5 percentage point increase in the ratio, the regional economy warmed up, and assets were of better quality. In terms of regional distribution, the company’s loans were concentrated on Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong, etc.
Coastal provinces; in terms of industry distribution, manufacturing, leasing and business sector loans are relatively high. During this round of structural changes on the supply side, the manufacturing sector has shown signs of warming in long triangles, bead triangles, etc., leading to an improvement in the region’s poor situation.
According to the bad data from late 2017, Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong were down from the beginning of the year, with Zhejiang and Guangdong having achieved a negative double drop. Ningpo Bank also dropped the ratio of interest groups + non-performing loans by 0.74 points in 2017, and was found to be strict, with over 90 days of overdue loans/bad loans accounting for 78%, non-performing loans and over 90 days of overdue loans.
Benefit from a reduced policy dividend set by the Superintendence of Banks. Investment rating: Ningpo Bank is more profitable, less bad than its counterparts, is well provided, and its high growth yields a premium on valuation.