Ningpo Bank (002142): A review in the first quarter of 2018, base disturbances, major business growth, April 29th, 2018.
Martinine, whose profits are growing at a seasonal rate, and whose base is disturbing. Net profits are growing steadily, Roe continues to rise. 18q1 net profits are increasing by 19.61% over the same period, up 0.11pc over the 17-year period.
The net interest income decreased by 18.7 per cent from the same year to the same year. The net income from fees and commissions decreased by 8.77 per cent from the same year.
The net difference has declined significantly, mainly as a result of the IMF disturbance. The IMF income is included in the investment income, not interest income, but in interest-bearing assets, including the size of the IMF.
The average daily balance of interest-bearing assets at the rate of 18q1 is about 930 billion, an increase of about 148 billion over 17 years. The size of the remaining investment-type assets has increased more steadily in the currency fund of about 120 billion, so the changes in interest-bearing assets are mainly due to changes in the daily average balance of the IMF.
The average daily balance of interest-bearing assets at the normal rate of growth in a quarter should be $80.93 billion, leaving the average daily balance in the base is disturbing. Loans are growing steadily and deposits are increasing at a faster rate than they are. At the asset end: loans are growing steadily and the funding is relatively adequate. mpa is a factor. Investment class assets are slightly reduced by 1.4 per cent, with an increase of 10.6 per cent in investments in receivables, but total capital.
End of story: optimized structure, savings growth over industry, and significantly reduced corporate liabilities. At the end of March, the balance of non-performing loans was increased by between $81 million and $2.919 billion from the end of the previous year, and the annualized plus write-off rate fell to only 0.02 per cent, almost without adverse stress, reflecting the quality of the solid assets.
1. Ningbo Bank Annual Report Review: Steady, 10,000, with a 5.39 pc to 498.65 per cent increase from the end of 17 years, with the highest number of listed banks. 1,218 million of the $1.577 billion of the provision is from impairments in investment-type assets, only 359 million from impairments in loans,
2. Banks: The impact of interest hikes on banks is, in several cases, a return to normal levels as future investment-type asset impairments continue to improve in terms of asset quality. What? Price-fixing capacity, changes in business behaviour?
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Ningpo Bank is sound, flexible, and profitable ahead of its partners. Indicators of quality of production continue to improve, negative balances decline, interest groups and late loans drop, and assets fall.
3. Ningpo Bank in-depth report: operating with a sustained improvement in quality and a provision coverage level close to 500%.
Figure 6: Ningpo Bank loan structure
Figure 8: Asset Quality of Ningbo Bank Figure 9: Capital sufficiency of Ningpo Bank