Ningpo Bank, 18-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-old Ningpo Bank has seen a sharp increase in deposits, which sustains a high level of profitability, the accumulation of customer resources that have created a suction advantage, and the increase in corporate deposits in the first quarter of the year-year-long period.
Long-sightedness. Corporate profitability remains excellent, performance increases and roe levels remain high in the industry. Block rating: stronger than the big market, benefiting from an improved regional economic environment, Ningpo Bank assets perform better than peers, but follow-up needs to be closed.
The exchange rate fluctuations affect the performance of revenue collection and the tax-exempt effects of the base. Ningpo Bank net gains for the first quarter, of which net interest income for the first quarter fell by 18.7 per cent over the same period, are expected to be due to the company ' s first quarter.
The net interest income performance was affected by a significant increase in the base size compared to the same period last year. Combined with net interest income and investment income, the combined increase in the first quarter was 23.7 per cent over the same period, increasing at a rate of 17 years. In addition, the negative increase of $1.36 billion in income from derivatives affected by exchange rate fluctuations was a drag on companies.
But the tax-free effect of the beneficiary base investment, the tax-exempt effect of the first quarter income tax, a 126 per cent drop in expenditure over the year, raises the net profit of the company from the pre-tax - 5.1 per cent to a loan structure in favour of one loan, with a sharp increase in deposits. Ningpo Bank’s asset size ring increases in the first quarter.
At the end of the debt, Ning Bo Bank increased by 12.1% in the first quarter, and the increase in deposits was significantly better than that of his peers.
Strong suction capacity. The company has a 1-quarter netting gap of 1.68%, down from 1.94% in 17 years, and we believe that it is mainly affected by the disturbance of the company’s base configuration. The net-rate ratio of the company’s 1-quarter net-rate ratio is slightly lower, and the impact on the net-rate gap is more positive.
Assets are of excellent quality, and the level of provision is ahead of the industry. Bank Ningpo has maintained excellent asset quality for the first quarter, with a decline of 1 bp to 0.81% in the negative rate ring and a decrease of 5 bp to 0.63% in the concern group loan. We measure the negative rate of production of the company ' s write-off in the first quarter, which is about 0.1%, with almost no adverse production.
Pressures. The company raises the coverage ring by 5 pct to 499% in the first quarter, and lends to the basic ring comparison with the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
The 18-year quarterly report published by Ningpo Bank increased net profits by +19.61 per cent; total assets of 1.07 trillion yuan (+16.2 per cent, yoy/+3.55 per cent),
Exchange rate fluctuations affect revenue performance, and base tax-exempt effects contribute to performance. Ningpo Bank has increased its net profit by 19.6% on a year-on-year basis, which is what we expected. Companies have increased their income by 2.30% on a quarter-on-year basis, slowing down from 17 years (7.15%). Of this, net interest income has declined by 18.7% on a quarter-on-year basis, and we expect to be due to the same size of the company’s base for a quarter as in the previous year.
The net interest income performance was affected by a significant increase in the period (2018q1 transactional financial assets as compared with 73.6 per cent). Combined with net interest income and investment income, the combined increase for the first quarter was 23.7 per cent, up from 17 years (6.6 per cent). The company ' s revenue from fees decreased by 8.8 per cent for the first quarter of the year and is expected to decrease in the revenue from fees and fees associated with the company ' s financial operations under regulatory influence.
Moreover, the negative increase in revenue from derivatives affected by exchange rate fluctuations of $1.36 billion (compared with $6.3 billion in the first quarter) is an important factor in delaying corporate revenue performance. But the tax-exempt effect of beneficiary-base investments has been a 126% drop in income tax expenditure in the first quarter of the year, raising corporate net profits from the pre-tax - 5.1% to 19.6% at a similar rate.
The loan structure is in favour of one loan, with a sharp increase in the number of deposits: Ningpo Bank increased the asset size ring by 3.5 per cent in the first quarter, with a 4.0 per cent increase in the loan ring, a robust increase in the size, a 4.4 per cent increase in business loans and a 9.2 per cent increase in individual loans, and a loan structure in favour of individual loans.
At the end of the debt line, Ningpo Bank increased its deposit ring by 12.1 per cent in the first quarter, and the increase in deposits was significantly better than that of its peers, reflecting Ningpo Bank’s greater capacity to absorb. The net interest gap for the first quarter was 1.68 per cent, down from 1.94 per cent in 17 years, and we believe that it was mainly affected by the disturbance of the company’s base set-up, with the related income recorded as non-interest-bearing income, but the size included interest-bearing assets. The net interest-bearing ring ratio for the first quarter of the company decreased slightly.
On the basis of our end-of-year caliber measurements, the company ' s net interest margin ratio fell by 3 bp to 1.53 per cent in the first quarter, and is expected to be largely subject to the cost of deposit at the end of the liability.
Ningbo Bank maintained an excellent asset quality in the first quarter, with a decline of 1 bp to 0.81 per cent in the negative rate ring and a decrease of 5 bp to 0.63 per cent in the interest-group loan ratio. We measured the negative yield rate of the company ' s write-off in the first quarter at about 0.1 per cent, with almost no adverse generating pressure. The company dialed the bank in the first quarter, the accumulated customer resources led to a suction advantage, and the company ' s savings grew brightly in the first quarter.
Maintaining excellence, increasing performance, and roe levels maintain the industry’s leading position. The Ningpo Bank has a better asset quality than its counterparts, but the follow-up needs to focus on the impact of the China-United States trade war on local foreign trade operations. We have maintained Ningpo Bank for 18/19 years.