Investment and loans promote expansion, assets are of good quality.
Investment and loan-driven scale-up, the company’s total assets reached trillions for the first time, entering medium-sized banks. In interest-bearing asset expansion, portfolio investment and loans played a major role. Companies increased their investment in money market funds in 2017, holding traded financial assets.
Business loans (youy: 16%, or 62%) boost the growth of intra-scheduled credit. Business loans are invested mainly in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong, and are concentrated in leasing and commercial services, commercial trading, and manufacturing, especially in the provision of credit support to small and medium-sized enterprises.
In 2017, the company raised the level of asset earnings, controlled the cost of the liability, and the net spread recovered seasonally, at the end of the year.
The net profit spread was 2.17%, an increase of 22 basis points over the same period the previous year. The net interest gap was 1.92%, a slight decrease of 1 bp over the same period, but considering that companies invested more tax-free assets, the post-tax profitability of their corporate assets and liabilities actually increased.
In the second half of the year, the concern group fell by 0.09% in the comparison year, four quarters, or accelerated miscalculation. Under regulatory requirements, corporate credit was released away from high-risk areas.
The company’s SMEs in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Guangdong have a regional advantage. Unmarked funds are transferred back to the table in a strong regulatory environment, and the company’s credit expansion leads to higher profits. The company’s assets are of good quality, higher than the industry’s average water.
The current corporate valuation is at historical averages, but it is above the bank block average, with a lower rating than recommended for caution, 1. Ningbo Bank (002142) 17-year report with a fast-track rating of performance: revenue points up, asset quality excellent
2. Performance rating for the 17-year tri-quarter report by Bank Ningbo (002142): good quality of assets and slight improvement in interest differentials Summary of forecast data for corporate financial statements
Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Internal Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.