Performance was slightly higher than expected, with storage operations moving to a second-growth level of $2.67 billion in profits, or 20 per cent more than in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of $2.18 billion was realized, and company performance was slightly higher than expected. Company q3 quarter revenue of $9.36 billion, or 91 per cent higher in the same period;
\triangleright achieves a net return profit of 1.306 billion yuan, an increase of 81 per cent in the same year and an increase of about 56 per cent in the ring; achieves a top score between Wu Ho power equipment and the new energy industry
The company released new storage battery products. Recently, the company released a new generation of storage battery \triangleright.
lf560k. The storage battery has a super-large capacity of 560ah and a single battery can store 1.792kwh energy, with a life cycle of over 12,000, is the storage cell with the largest single core capacity on the domestic market, which can achieve double cost reduction in the core and system hierarchy, as the company expects in 2024.
Global delivery starts in the second quarter. On a scale, the company is expected to become 100 gwh integrated by 2025, and the battery business is expected to increase in profitability.
The layout of the face, as the upstream joint venture lands, increases the competitiveness and profitability of the company. For battery operations, as size expands and product prices pass, it is expected to remain \triangleright
Risk factors: the need for new energy vehicles does not meet the expected risk; the risk of a change in lithium battery technology; the risk of over-anticipated fluctuations in the price of materials; environmental and safe production risks, etc.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry, and the voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector.
Hu Ying, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People ' s University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, formerly Research Assistant for the Sports and Mechanical Engineering Team, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry, formerly one Assistant for Research in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Economic Analysis at Sydney University, Bachelor of Financial Science at Nakayama University, 2022
Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre, responsible for research in the new power systems and electrical equipment industry. Chen Jie, member of the team, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, and was responsible for the lithium electric materials industry. Sun Rang, member of the team, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for research in the new energy vehicle industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.