Performance met expectations, with a significant increase in \triangleright \q3 performance in \triangleright 22 years.
\triangleright Dun Yongkang Upstream supply chain, with ongoing recovery of profitability. \he company enhances supply chain management and is active in lithium power.
\triangleright \triangleright materials, negative materials, electrolytic fluids, etc.
The research assistant Li Hyo Peng (Sichuan) has increased the amount of RMB 884 million in new materials technology, and plans to build an annual production capacity of 100,000 tons of lithium batteries with an integrated material mix by 30 June 2024. On 20 October, the company announced that it would refinance the new State of Zeus in Xiangmen.
The shareholding ratio has increased from 20% to 30%, and the electrolytic products of the New Zeus state will give priority to the company’s need to invest in the construction plant in the city of Xiamen, through the establishment of joint ventures with upstream companies, while strengthening the company’s internal capacity.
The management of s01012060007 and the control of the production process have resulted in increased crop and good quality of the production line, sustained increased corporate resilience and profitability, with a 55.93 per cent increase in the q3 net profit ring and significant recovery of profitability.
Power cell output is increasing and capacity is expanding. In the case of cargo, power cell q3 triangleright 8-9gwhh, of which three battery \triangleright about 1.5gwhh, and lithium phosphate batteries about 6.5--
7.5gwh. In terms of production capacity, 60 gwh is expected next year for effective production of phosphate lithium; 100 million latitude lithium (300014.sz) is now available at the semi-annual reporting point in 2022; and the tri-dollar soft salt city has been completed in phase I and will achieve equity capacity by the end of the year.
13gwh; with regard to large cylinder batteries, the company planned 20 gwh at the gate, expected q4 to be completed and partially delivered at the end of next year, while the company planned the construction of a new 21,700-type Trinity cylinder in Malaysia.
Pool capacity, coupled with two-wheeler and electric tool customers in South-East Asia. Capability will improve 2022/05/03.3 billion latitude lithium energy (300014): performance meets expectations, powered power
Four hundred million latitude lithium energy (300014): Performance is warming seasonally, motivational and methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, and the report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.