The q3 major industry has seen a significant increase in profits, and the three-quarterly review of the 300014 Lithium in 2022 is on October 27th, 2022.
Events: Lithium billion latitudes published three-quarter reports in 2022, yielding 24,283 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2022, with a significant increase in profits from the Huang Soo Yo 2022q3 battery industry, an improvement in the return on investment, and increased profits from government subsidies.
Both the same and the ring have seen significant growth. q3 significant gains have been achieved mainly in three areas: 1) significant growth in both main business income and main business profits: 2022 q3 Māori, which is 17.30%, compared to the same adjustment of product pricing mechanisms, improved profitability of product lines, and two consecutive seasons of Māori
The ring ratio has improved; and as new factories and new production lines have entered the production phase, the volume of battery output has grown rapidly. 2022q3 operations have achieved net return profit of $1.09 billion, an increase of 226 per cent, a rise of $428 million, an increase of 2350.048 per cent, and a rise of the ring.
The power and battery production line has grown rapidly. The company's power storage and battery capacity has continued to grow in recent years, with the construction of a large soft bag of triple, square lithium phosphate, square triolines, and the start-up of power and battery production, which has led to a level of cooperation with well-known domestic and international car companies.
In addition, the company, one of the leading manufacturers of three-dollar cylinder battery technology in the country, has completed the layout of a series of 46-dollar high-energy cylinder battery products, and has obtained the approval of many of the country’s top-class cars for customers, and is expected to release capacity next year. In the energy storage market, the company and the country’s main players
telecommunication operators, communications facility flagships, multi-terrestrial power grid companies have collaborated in areas such as telecommunications storage or side-loading of power grids, building up a pool of upstream supply chain layouts, both domestic and foreign, in the areas of household storage and industrial saturation.
Companies such as Mi, Betre, Hua Yu Cobalt Industry, Ende, China Electric, New Zeus State, Kim Kulun, Kawa power and beehive energy have formed joint ventures to actively deploy upstream resources such as positive poles, negative poles, diaphragms, electrolytes and nickel, cobalt and lithium, which will help to secure the company ' s supply as production capacity continues.
The chain should be stabilized to reduce the impact of price volatility of raw materials on the cost of products Investment proposal: maintain a recommended rating. The company’s technology routes and product lines are rich, leading the industry in the battery sector, growing production capacity steadily, and upstream layout is conducive to cost control.
The risk of falling demand for storage energy products; less productive than expected; the risk of falling Maori rates due to large increases in the price of raw materials; the risk of increased market competition; and the risk of overlapping new products and technologies. The rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.