I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
28 October 2022 between 7billionandfurtherrampsupthecapabilityof largecylindricalbatteries
It's not like I'm the only one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, Billion, and 46-serviceslargecylindricalpowerbaseries' capacitation of 21gwh (rmb3billion).
I don't know what you're talking about.
Of 20gwh, e'planningcapacitationoflargagelindersover60gwh, of 7gwhisexpectedtoputintoproductionbytheendof2022andcontributeto increactivevolumein2023h2.inaddition, the companyhasaddeda 23gwhcapacitity
I mean, it's not like I'm the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm going to have to do something about it. We're going to have to do something about it.
2023. Weexpects 2023energestoweragebaseshipstoreach30gwhhandindense energystoreage'sproportionto 50%.intermsofoundings, eve'sintegregated production capacitiousputintoprodition.weexpectitsshipsofupstreamlithium
1 billion, entitledreports carbonatestoreaaround 12,000tonnesin 2023andcontributetooverrm1bition, billion latitude lithium energy (300014): 3 season 2022
I mean, when I'm in the middle of the world, I'm in the middle of something, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it.
We're not going to be able to do anything about it. We're not going to be able to do anything about it.
Million Lithium (3000014): battery capacity expansion 33/82/43, correspondingtopof48x/26x/18x.consideringvee'supgradeof producestructureandtechnology, dafurtherreaseinproductivity,wegivea
I don't know, soochow securities international rises: lower-than-expectedsales.
♪ Brokeragemitedwouldliketo matchnowlledthecontractualand supportprovided ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, and I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Red, qiaoyanruan and Dong Wu Securities (Hong Kong) billion latitudes of lithium energy (30014)
Lithium billion latitudes: it's proposed to expand the capacity of 44gwh at $7 billion, which will be increased by cylindrical capacity on December 28, 2022.
Incoming incident: The company issued a public announcement stating that it would be able to raise 7 billion yuan, of which 4 billion would be used for the 23gwhith phosphate lithium battery and 3 billion for the 21gwh46 series of large cylinders in vehicle power cells.
The company added 21gwh large cylinder capacity, which is expected to be operational by the end of 2023, considering the existing 21gwh plan + 20gwh plan in Hungary.
The company’s large cylinders are designed to produce more than 60 gwh, of which 7 gwh is expected to be operational by the end of this year, with 2023h2 contribution increment, and the large cylinders leading, reflecting the technological strength of the company’s power sector; above all, the company has added 23 gwhh of lithium cylinders, and the storage capacity has accelerated.
At the end of the year, production capacity exceeded 200 gwh, which accelerated the landing to support the subsequent doubling of the output.  In 2023, battery output is expected to double, and the integrated layout is expected to drive a double up. We expect the company to deliver around 30 gwh in 2022.
Physically released, upstream lithium carbonate rights are expected to reach about 12,000 tons in 2023, and " Lithium 100 million latitudes" (300014): we're expected to contribute 1 billion + in 2022, and production capacity such as middle-stream lithium, diaphragms, electrolytes, etc. is expected to begin to increase.
Quarterly reviews: Power + Storage is both driven and profitable, and we expect to boost the company’s battery chain for 23 years as new production becomes operational. Profit predictions and investment ratings: corporate power technology is comprehensive, and growth paths for diversified operations are clear.
Lithium Million Latitude (3000014): Battery capacity expansion, a lift, coded lithium + negative polar integration sheet 48x/26x/18x, taking into account the structural upgrade of the company ' s products + technology, capacity added further, we
The report is supported by professional research and analysis, in particular thanks to Tsang Dung, Nguyen Xiaoyan and Yusho for his diligent, independent and objective presentation of the present report, all of which accurately reflects my views on the Institute.
A statement of the personal opinion of the issuer or of the securities issuer; the specific proposals or views contained in the present report are, or will be, made in the past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to his remuneration.