Performance exceeded expectations, triple advantage opened up the space for forward growth Events: the company released its first three quarters report in 2022, realized its harvests in January-September 2022, and increased its performance significantly, compared to the previous year. Company q3 achieved a net return profit of 1.306 billion.
Dollars, +81.18 per cent, ring, 55.93 per cent, overperformance, a significant increase in the same year. Mainly, resulting from: 1) double profit in battery operations, 17.30 per cent Māori for company q3, continued to rise at a profit level + 1.34 pt; 2) increase in return for investment, or from lithium Xinghua
The profits of joint ventures such as salt have increased, and q3 government subsidies have been substantial, with a significant increase in public power & storage battery operations and continued optimization of profitability. Corporate power & storage & battery operations are increasingly becoming a major contribution to performance, and we expect q3 power & storage.
Battery shipments are around 8gwh (including triple soft bags, lfp squares and triple square batteries), total equity/flow (million shares) and downstream customers are dominated by foreign companies and new power vehicles in the head, and cost transfers are smooth.
It is expected that corporate profitability will continue to be optimized in the context of a rapid increase in profitability, which is expected to result in a net profit of 350 million yuan from power & storage battery operations, and the continuing scale effect.
Product R & D + chain eco-building + capacity expansion, triple advantage opening up forwards, medium- and long-term upwards. We think the company has a lead in product R & D manufacturing, and the industry chain's ecology continues to improve.
And the three-fold advantages of capacity planning are expected to open up further the long-term growth space: 1) Production and development manufacturing, corporate product line layout, consumption and power & storage battery mainstream programs have developed market influence, and companies focus on one side in combination with their comparative advantage.
Type lfp (high compatibility and safety, value for money positioning) + large cylinder (high consistency and compatibility, high-end positioning) technical routes, leading the large cylinder process, which has already won BMW 40gwh orders, is expected to expand further with demonstration effects; 2) industrial chain ecological construction through joint ventures,
Stock-holding, etc., to tie up Ente shares, Bertrand, Middle Electric, New Zeus state and other leading material companies to achieve high-quality production capacity locking and material system breakthroughs, while actively laying upstream lithium and nickel sources: more recently, 100,000 tons of negative and integrated capacity in association with the Bettrebrett industry and Jean-Redford Lithium industry
20% equity, further improvement of the industrial chain ecology; 3) multi-product lines in capacity planning, recently added to the Shenyang project, power & storage battery master plan output of more than 350 gwh, planned Malaysia project (total project investment of no more than US$ 422 million) to drive cylindrical elimination
Profit forecasting and financial indicators: Performance over-expected, triple advantage opening up future growth space.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report