High and sustained performance growth, client structure further optimized South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Events: Companies issue performance bulletins for 2020 and for the first quarter of 2021, year-round 2020
Two billion yuan, a 72 per cent increase in the same year, and 490 million yuan in the net return to the mother, a 131 per cent increase in the same year. In the first quarter of 2021, $620 million was collected, a 131 per cent increase in the same quarter, $110 million in the net return to the mother, and 5g in the same year, resonanced with the data centre abroad.
Revenues amounted to $620 million, up from a single quarter in recent years. The rapid growth in corporate income and profits was mainly due to the acceleration of infrastructure development in the 5g communications network, which led to the recovery of domestic telecommunications light module markets and investment expansion by downstream idc producers.
A stable partnership between the mainstream communications equipment and the idc manufacturer, and several high-end module products that have been certified by large downstream customers and delivered in bulk, is expected to continue to grow rapidly in 2021. Companies, as champions of light modules, are expected to benefit from the industry as a matter of priority.
Research and development (R & D) continues to be high-intensity, high-end, high-end module development. The company invested 85 million yuan in research and development in 2020, an increase of 4.6 per cent in comparison, or 4.3 per cent in 2020.
With input support, the company ' s high-speed light module, 5g-related light module, light device-related research and development projects have made progress, and the successful release of 400gqsfp-dddr4 silicon module has further enhanced the competitiveness of the public sector in terms of products and technology.
Companies are actively expanding their markets and improving their client structure. The company made a major breakthrough in its customer outreach in 2020, and it is now working deeply upstream with core suppliers, etc., downstream supply, Amazon head cloud computing customers, with a stable return cycle. The company is increasing market outreach and customer outreach.
To promote and promote companies and their products effectively through customer exchanges, exhibitions, e-commerce platforms, etc., to increase market influence and further increase market ownership. In the next three years, net return profits will reach a 31% compound growth rate.
The 400-g light module has grown steadily, and the industry has built up a 5-g-catalytic atmosphere 1. New and dynamic (300502); performance has grown steadily, and R & D has not been, has not been, will not be, and will not receive any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.