On April 22, 2021, the company issued a performance report for the first quarter of 2021, and it achieved operating income of $624 million.
Growth of 131.21 per cent in the same year, net profit of the parent company of 112 million yuan in the same year, 99.95 per cent in the same year, rising capital expenditure in the field of telecommunications, the pull-through light module industry, and global numbers, according to market research company omdia, 2019-2023, in order to meet user needs
In the area of telecommunications, according to idc Research, the global capital expenditure of 5g mobile operators will increase rapidly from $660 million in 2018 to $70.9 billion in 2022.
In recent years, China’s market for light modules has been growing rapidly, accounting for a growing share of the world’s market, and the company’s performance as a large domestic producer of light modules has been at the core of the revenue. Companies have been receiving revenue for the reporting period.
In the interest of sustained capital spending by data centre operators, as well as increasing cooperation with customers in the domestic and foreign telecommunications markets, a net profit of $112 million is now being earned by the parent company, representing an increase of 99.95 per cent over the same period, a significant increase over the previous year.
In December 2020, the company completed a fixed increase of $1.63 billion in net funds raised, of which $1.35 billion is to be invested in a high-speed light production line project. The company attaches great importance to research and development of new technologies and products, and this fund-raising will continue to increase its research and development efforts to strengthen technological barriers in the field of high-end light modules.
High-speed high-light module products such as dr, 200gcfp2lr/er, 400gqsfp-dd and osfpdr4/fr4, with core technological competitiveness, are among the few enterprises in the country that deliver 100g light modules in bulk, 400g light modules, have high-speed light chip encapsulations and lightware encapsulations, and successfully produce 400g series light module product aids with minimum capacity in the industry
Looking ahead, the company has already made a bulk delivery of 200 g light module products, and is developing 800 g light module products, and new production is expected to be another point of growth in corporate performance.
Taking advantage of the size of the project and optimizing client resources, a report released indicated that China's lightware supplier would dominate the global market by 2020, with New Eun Seong ranking 10th in the top 10 places for entering the global market for the first time in the light module. In 2020, the company announcement proposed the creation of a new 285.
A million high-speed light module capacity, estimated at about 8 million postnatal capacity, is leading the country’s suppliers. The expansion of the company’s light capacity and the rising global market share have helped it to take advantage of scale and lower profits.
A system of suppliers, some high-end products have been certified by Ericsson and Nokia. Companies are actively working with mainstream global equipment manufacturers and Internet producers, and many of the products are certified by customers and delivered in bulk.
Assessment: Increases in targeted production and continued high performance; further optimization of product and customer structures, with a significant increase in future sales earnings and net profits expected.
Corporate leadership in the field of light modules, targeting, expansion of production capacity and industry-driven futures, based on R & D advantages, diversified market layout and advanced supply chain management capabilities
5g and the data centre were not built as expected; the overseas epidemic was over-expected; the company's additional fund-raising project was not advanced as expected; Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, was employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from Shanghai University of Transport.
Fu Jin Fei, Chief of Communication, Master of Engineering, Shanghai Transport University, 12 years of advanced farming and communication, formerly employed as China Tech Ltd., Wireless Communications Engineer, Wireless Solutions Marketing Manager, Cloud Calculator, Senior Outreach Manager, 2020 Allied People’s Security. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,