High growth in the performance of information technology hardware and equipment q1 is in line with expectations, and the high market performance continues.
The impact of the non-recurring gain/loss of 2021q1 on the net profits of the company is approximately $4 million. High performance growth is expected, with the number of black horses validated.
The volume of goods continued to grow, and sales earnings and net profits increased significantly over the same period the previous year. Companies q4 managed to collect $561 million in a single season, an increase of 42.7% over the same period.
Internet manufacturers have established good cooperative relationships in which multi-valued products have been certified by their clients and delivered in bulk, and further optimized product and customer structures will continue to contribute to growth in 2021. In the second year of 400g in 2021, several markets have continued to rise.
We're still optimistic about the need for 100-g-long modules in 2021, and the company expects us to do so.
The company's fixed increase in funding is now in place, with the main extension directions being 5g communication light, 100g light and 400g light. The project will produce 2.85 million additional high-speed light modules after delivery.
In November 2020, the company released its 400g light module product, dr4, based on the Silicon Photolysis Program. It is also actively investing in the development of 800g products to ensure the competitiveness of the company’s products.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report