Corporate ratings: buy-in (maintenance) Companies continue to grow at a high rate, and growth is strong. In 2020, companies achieved business growth.
RMB 1,997 million (+71.52 per cent), resulting in net return to the mother RMB 492 million (+131.03 per cent), high; net return to the mother RMB 112 million, representing the median level of the forecast, increased by the same amount
99.95% long. The company has seized the data centre, the 5g building opportunity, breaking the overseas cloud, and the 100g and 400g light modules continue to be delivered in bulk, with strong dynamic growth.
In the age of light module 2.0, the black horse, which has grown by 96 per cent in the same year, rose from 76 per cent in 2019 to 87 per cent in the same year. By contrast, the company sold 6.5 million light modules in 2020, a 25 per cent increase in the same year;
The average unit price of sales was 192 yuan/only, an increase of 42.2 per cent over the same year, while overseas revenues exceeded domestic revenues and client structures were further optimized. In 2020, companies collected 889 million yuan (+32.94 per cent) of the current domestic revenues, and overseas revenues reached 1,108 million.
Meanwhile, in 2019, the top five clients of the company sold their share of the company's research and development on high-speed light modules, 5g-related light modules, optical devices, etc., compared with 300 degrees of depth.
Many advances have been made, and the launch of the 400gqsfp-dddr4 silicon light module has been successful, enhancing corporate growth dynamics. Consider the opportunity for companies to take advantage of 400g light module upgrades to break through overseas cloud customers and grow.
Power is strong, maintaining the company's “buy-in” rating.
Corporate light module 4.25g plus, 87% in 2020, covering digital access and telecommunication photomodels with a 33% compound growth rate; telecommunications benefit 5g driven by construction with a 7% annual compound increase in light module size; company luminous modules breaking through overseas cloud customers, seizing 400g upgrade opportunities, telecommunications light
The module has been accompanied by growth among large domestic clients, and we assume that the company ' s light module of 4.25g is 10% in 2020, mainly in the telecommunications area. Considering the low rate of light module competition barriers and the speed of light module growth in the telecommunications sector, we assume that:
By seizing the opportunity to upgrade the 400g light module, breaking through overseas cloud clients, with comparative advantages in R & D, production, operation, regulation and customer resources, building core competitiveness, growing dynamic energy, maintaining if the company ' s core technology is not upgraded in a timely manner, or if there is a misdirection of R & D, resulting in no R & D product.
At the same time, as microoptic devices and integrated photons gradually move from laboratory research to practical application, the presence of photons with a higher degree of integration may increase the weight of market competition as light-module manufacturers expand and new entrants increase.
The risk of international trade disputes The risk of friction in international trade and changes in trade policies and uncertain political factors may affect the progress of global economic development, with companies accounting for about 50 per cent of overseas receipts, with some risk if the trade situation deteriorates.
The current global situation with regard to the new coronary virus pneumonia epidemic has the potential to have some impact in the future on the sale of products outside the company and on the purchase of raw materials. Since open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on my professional understanding.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.