High performance growth, sustained consolidation of industry performance, largely complex expectations, high growth in new capital-driven corporate performance, and high growth in corporate performance due to the acceleration and number of 5g networks
Market value in circulation (millions): According to the expansion of the central operator’s investment, there has been a significant increase in the market for light modules. And companies are actively working with mainstream global equipment manufacturers and Internet manufacturers to deliver high-speed light module products throughout the year.
High-end product share increases the profit-driven level further, leading to a 24.61 per cent annual net interest rate, compared to 2019, driven by a higher share of high-end products.
The net profit from the return was $150 million, an increase of 87.50 per cent over the same period, and the slowdown in equipment vendors during the fourth quarter reflected strong growth. The firm also maintained a consistent market climate in the light of the industry’s low season, and demand remained optimistic throughout the year.
With respect to the "Study of the Dollar Securities Corporation - New Leapstone " 2020 performance forecast, global 5g construction is still at its peak, with corporate customers covering mainstream global communications equipment providers, and high-end markets based on higher-value medium-to-medium loops.
Increased R & D investment, deployment of future front-line products, rapid upgrades and overlaps in the light module industry, continuous investment in front-line products.
In November 2020, the company released its 400g light module product, dr4, based on the silicon light solution. It is also actively investing in the development of 800g products to ensure that the market climate of the company’s production light module continues to improve, and that the company is clearly competitive in a number of areas.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.