Sustained release potential in various areas, with high year-round growth likely (+99.95%, yoy); net profit realized after deduction of 108 million (+95.17%, yoy) 5g in turn with data centre construction, with product and client structure optimization leading to a significant increase in performance
Market value in circulation (million yuan): 5g built in the country in the first half of 2020, while overseas cloud producers continued to do so in the second half of the year, with a high-profile view year-round.
In a context of reduced demand, overseas cloud computing firms and telecommunications markets filled the gap in the domestic telecommunications market, with a record high income of 2021q1 and an expected rise in demand in the 2021q2 domestic telecommunications market.
High-end product share increases resulted in significant annual increases in Māori rates and net interest rates for high-end companies, reaching 36.86 per cent (+2.14 pcts, yoy) and 24.61 per cent (+6.34 pcts, yoy), respectively.
There is room for improvement in the Māori ratio for balance. At the same time, the company’s raw materials are well stocked, with a stock of 1,034 million, with a larger share of the core raw materials.
The year-round demand remained optimistic, and the expansion of markets and capacity ensured sustained growth of companies reported and assessed performance forecast for the first quarter of 2021: high performance growth, corporate breakthroughs over major offshore clients in 2019, roll-out of 400g in 2020, and drive
Tens of thousands, with the expansion of corporate capacity, the company is expected to get a larger share. Meanwhile, the new extension country, the Home Secretary Research – New Emancipation (300502) 2020 performance forecast, is expected to reach its customers in 2022. On the 5g side, global 5g construction is still in place.
At the peak of the period, the company's clients covered the global mainstream telecommunications equipment suppliers and were based on a higher value medium.
Continued expansion of production capacity ensures high future growth of firms. The light module market climate continues to rise, and companies are clearly competitive and active in a number of areas of disaggregation.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I have committed to report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.