Wang Wiescheon, high-end and overseas operations, q3 net profit growth of 20% per year.
Youy+23.9% show a slightly better than expected performance. Of these, q3 achieved 62.89 billion yuan in the quarter, yoy+8.6%, a net profit of 3.72 billion yuan, a net profit of yoy+20.3%, a net profit of non-repatriated mothers, high-end and overseas boosts, and a continued negative growth in revenue: the company q3 registered 8.6% growth in the end of the quarter.
Reverse growth continues to be observed in comparison with the decline of about 7 per cent in retail q3-quarters in the medium-sized national electricity retail market (based on Ovi cloud data). (1) Growth in the domestic segment of the company has been achieved mainly through upgrading of high-end branding and scenario programmes and upgrading of user flow conversion and stickyness, among other things.
Three quarters of the year, such as dryer, dishwasher, cleaner robotics and other popular products that match current demand, grew by 89 per cent, 20 per cent and over 120 per cent respectively, while traditional products such as empty, ice, washing and the like remained high market value, and the high-end brand, Casati, continued to grow at a rapid rate, preponderantly in high-end market shares.
(2) The growth of 8.7 per cent in the company ' s overseas operations in the first three quarters was largely due to efficient localization and the growth of high-end markets, of which 40 per cent, 30 per cent and more than 55 per cent were recorded in the previous three quarters in the Americas market, the European market and the Austranos market ' s high-end local currency, respectively.
The recovery in the Māori rate has increased, and the digital change has reduced the cost rate: corporate q3 combined Māori rate of 31.1 per cent, an increase of 0.4 percentage points over the same period, and an increase of 0.2 percentage points over q2 seasons has continued to rise.
We believe that it is driven mainly by a drop in the cost of raw materials and a continuing increase in the share of high-end products. The cost for the period of Q3 was 23.7%, a 0.9 percentage point decrease over the same period, mainly driven by digital change, and the ratio of institutional investors to the share of the circulation a
More accurate and efficient deployment of marketing resources, as well as improved organizational efficiency, reduced sales and management costs by 0.4 percentage points and 0.2 percentage points, respectively, as well as increased efficiency in the management of funds, reduced financial costs by 0.7 percentage points, advanced by research and development
The ratio of fees increased by 0.3 percentage points over the same period. The shares p/e were 14 x, 12 x, h/e 13 x, 11 x, respectively. In the larger context of the epidemic, the performance of the Department of Public Information has grown significantly relative to the industry, and we appreciate the advancement and operation of the corporate smart family eco-strategy.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.