\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The domestic market is well run and Kassati continues to lead. 1) The main product is well performing, and the emerging category is fast growing: 22q1-q3 refrigerators/cookers/washers/house air conditioning/electric water heaters/heating in the ocean as measured by the main business
Wanghaiyang@mszq.com The highest-end market leader in Kasati is well established, and according to gfk, refrigerators, washing machines are in possession of the market at more than $10,000.
Over the last three quarters of the year, the company’s overseas operations were increased by +8.7%, with energy-efficient products, heat pumps, embedded products, and high-end operations.
Haier/Australasia fpa/Australasia Haier high-end market growth in local currency revenue 1. Hair Jit (600690) 2021 reported performance rating: sales out of the sea double-wheel drive, operating efficiency
40% + 30% + 40% + 55% + and Kassati brands are active in cities like South Asia, South-East Asia, and Europe, opening up new growth poles in overseas operations. Digitalized downscaling and product structure continues to optimize.
The upgrade of 0.56 pct is mainly due to the continuous optimization of product structures and product competitiveness by companies; successful promotion of 22q3 marketing/management, with a 30 per cent reduction in the design cycle of digital R & D platforms, precision investment of marketing resources, marketing, 30 per cent increase in intra-plant logistics, and optimized direct service to the system by suppliers.
Investment proposals: The company’s high-end business lines continue to expand, pushing for a three-tier brand upgrade of “high-end brands, landscape brands, eco-brands.” Digital transformation enhances efficiency, forward-looking layout in a changing external environment, optimizes overseas market structures, explores new growth poles, and synergizes global growth.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.