q3 Performance exceeded expectations and profitability steadily increased Events: q3 achieved operating income of 62,891 million, i.e. +862 per cent for the year; achieved net return to the mother \triangleright
Hale Jijit (600690) $3.717 billion, or 28% of the year's year; net profit of $3.731 billion from deductions and later return to the mother, rising to the same level as the city of Quantico, focusing on new products to improve client experience.
The firm's operations have grown steadily, with the company's retail market share of refrigerators/cookers/washers/ dryers/air-conditioning/electric water heaters/gas heaters in the previous three quarters, based on data from Mid-Iengang.
+2.4/+1.2/+2.7/+5.8/+2.9/+1.7/+2.6pc, dryer/domestic air conditioner/electric water heater/burning Int.
Growth by 89/20 +/120 + per cent; at the same time, the company reinforced the layout of the heat pump product, the first three quarters of which received a very rich product matrix, and accelerated the layout of the heat-making channel.
In the first three quarters of North America/Europe, corporate high-end brands grew by more than 40.30 per cent (in local currency) respectively, and in the top-end products of New Zealand (in local currency) and Hel high-end products (in local currency) by more than 8.7 per cent.
40/55. In terms of capacity, companies continue to accelerate the construction of a localized supply chain, and Romanian refrigerator workers are able to climb up and respond more quickly to market demand. Performance is higher than expected, and profitability is increasing.
+0.3 pct. We believe that the increase in the Māori rate of the company is mainly due to 1) optimized product structure and model competitiveness of the company; 2) implementation of process-wide supply chain cost and cost control; 3) optimization of the second tier of supplier management and self-contained parts. q3 sales/management/research and development in terms of cost rates
/The financial cost rate is equal to -0.5-0.2/+0.3-0.7 ptt. The company ' s q3 net return profit ratio of 5.91%, compared to +0.6 pt. Net operating cash flow increases.) q3 end-of-year corporate money + transactional financial assets
100 million yuan, compared with 7.17 per cent at the beginning of the period; total inventory at the end of q3 was 39,248 million yuan, compared with 1.54 per cent at the beginning of the period;
Profit forecast: we expect the company to earn \triangleright, 9th House of the City of Beijing West Side Street, 1st Building in 22-24.
\triangleright Unexpected, unsatisfied/scene product education, high exchange rate fluctuations, recurrent overseas epidemics leading to inadequate export demand, etc.
M.A. in Fusion & Management. Used to work in the development of commercial telecommunications equipment in the tp-link hardware research and development department. New wealth in 2015 and 2017. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2020.
In 2022, he joined the Credit Certificate, a study in the household appliances industry, covering white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.