Hale Jiist (600690) Home appliances, global co-generation, counterproductive profit growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
One billion yuan, or 8.9 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 11,67 billion yuan in the same year, or 17.3 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 11,220 million yuan, or 23.9 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter, q3 companies achieved 62,89 billion yuan in revenues, with a steady improvement in market share in synergy with domestic and foreign development.
Upgraded high-end branding and scenario programmes, while accelerating the development of new industries, enriching the landscape, increasing user sticky and tweak purchasing rates, and magnifying the value of clients. Companies have increased their market share of multiple products through technological innovation and upgrading of product structures.
Three quarters of the company ' s retail share of refrigerators, cooking power, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters increased by 2.4 pp, 1.2 pp, 2.7 pp, 2.9 pp and 1.7 pp, respectively; the share of retail sales on the line increased to varying degrees. On the overseas market, companies insisted on a single-person mechanism and on the development, manufacture, marketing and efficient localization of three-pronged operations.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s overseas operations grew by 8.7 per cent over the same period, and its internal operating efficiency and profitability continued to increase. During the reporting period, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 30.5 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pp over the same period. The q3 Māori rate was 31.1 per cent for the first quarter, an increase of 0.6 pp over the same period.
The upgrades were mainly the result of product structural optimization, optimized supply chain management costs and streamlining of the number of skus.Corporations continued during the reporting period through the establishment of a globally shared industrial design platform, resulting in a 30 per cent reduction in the global design cycle for new products, resulting in a design optimization rate of more than 0.9 per cent in the third quarter.
(a) Textual change, improved efficiency in marketing and sales rates reduced by 0.5 to 14.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis; companies changed digitally, organizational efficiency increased and management costs decreased by 0.3 to 4.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis; companies continued to promote ahead-of-the-day technology layout and product innovation, with R&D rates increased by 0.4 to 4 per cent on a year-on-year basis;
The cost rate is -0.3%, a 0.5 pp decrease in the same year. Overall, the net interest rate of the company is 6.3%, and the same-year high-end market layout is effective, with a share ahead. The company upgrades high-end brands and scenes, and expands the value of users.
The multi-dimensional touchpoints, such as shoppingmall, home-building materials, and so forth, enhance brand competitiveness. According to the number of medium-term icoms, the share of price segments above $15,000 under the Casatian refrigerator line has reached 45%, an increase of 3.3 pp on the same year. In overseas markets, companies insist on high-end branding, and high-end overseas markets have been very effective.
Prospective profits and investment proposals. Companies act as home power poles, high-end globalization digitally digitized and optimized.
3. Hale Jijit (600690): Reverse water canyon, White Electric Dragon. Hale Jitsu (60690): h share distribution programme landed. Deep binding core tubes (2022-01-12)
Hale Jiist (600690): The White Electric Dragon is sound and the brand concept is advancing (2021-10-31) No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No-No.