In September 2020, the Central Bank issued the Pilot Scheme for the Supervision and Management of Financial Holding Companies, and industry discussed the formalization of the management of the gold-controlled platform over the years. Since then, the gold-controlled platform needs to be the largest securities firm in the country before undertaking related business.
In March 2022, the central bank first covered: securities brokers; portfolio investment advice; and financial advisers related to securities transactions, portfolio investment activities;
On July 15, the China-China control was officially established; underwriting and insurance; securities self-employment; securities asset management; loan bonds; securities investment fund swaps; and long-term purchase companies.
The company’s former shareholder, Sino-China Limited and Sino-China Limited, will present the business to China-China Financial Control. Sino-Sin securities will maintain or gain a leading position in a number of areas of business.
Stock Company Limited transferred a total of 2,733,961,712 shares held in trust securities free of charge, including the Centre for the Mercure Economy, further refining financing arrangements 2.299.650, 108 shares in letters held directly in limited direct holdings
In total, 18.45 per cent of the total issued shares of the Sino-Chinese securities are accounted for by wealth managers, trading services and liquidity providers, and letter securities, 434.311.604 shares.
After the completion of the company’s first transfer, the CCM will become the company’s first shareholder. Shareholders and Sino-Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, and the Quaker Life Insurance.
As one of the first two major gold-control platforms to be approved, the Chinese credit control carried the gold control model, the pilot field, and other companies that together formed the integrated business model of the CBS. Mission.
The integrated development of financial-related operations in the form of a joint venture with the Chinese International Financial Control Unit has become the focus of the attention of financial holding companies, and the uncertainty of regulatory policies has limited the operations of the companies concerned to some extent.
Successful establishment and completion of the transfer of equity among relevant financial institutions to formalize the Platform ' s management model 2022-08-30 disclosure mid-2022, with subsequent exploration of harmonized regulatory, related transactions and risk management models to follow
The new gold control platform provides a model reference. In comparison with other gold control platforms, the SCM securities have a higher position and voice within the SCM system.
The four main subsidiaries also include financial institutions such as financial subsidiaries, financial leasing companies, public fund-raising companies, and consumer finance companies.
The size of the assets and the position of the industry of the Sino-Sinse securities, under the umbrella of the credit money in the circulation b/h (millions of shares), will give the company greater voice and more resources within the platform. At the same time, depending on the platform’s advantages, the Sino-Since-Sinse securities are expected to be indirect.
After the transfer of shares is completed, the “vendant carrier” is expected to continue to benefit from intra-consortium coordination. This transfer of shares has yet to be approved by the CSRC for shareholders in the CSB, but reference is made to prior-period related matters.
The pace of landing is expected to be completed in the next three quarters. The securities industry is currently undergoing a transformation and business start-up process, with a new and accelerated business model centred on fees and fees moving towards capital intermediation and investment management, while Sino-Kin securities, as the leader of the industry and of business innovation, are ahead of Europe and America.
The shift in the focus of the business model has increased the demands on the resources and qualifications of the various types of operations, with higher demands on efficient financial flows, talent reserves, management models, and wind control capabilities. Under the golden platform paradigm, with synergies within the platform, companies are expected to receive more support and support in these areas.
Complementaryly, the firm speeds up the construction of a “vendant carrier” with a greater combination of competitiveness. Investment proposal: Under the central and unified control of CCM over the various financial sectors under the banner, the company has enhanced its uniforms (s1480190001).
We believe that the current homogenization of the securities sector is still strong and that, in the context of the continued growth of the Matthews effect, the lead moat is expected to persist and widen, and the pooling of resources becomes more visible.
S14805210005 gets a higher valuation premium. As the industry's absolute leader, Sino-Sin securities are not only business-neutral, integrated power industries are prominent, but business structures are gradually aligned with advanced counterparts in Europe and the United States against cycles.
Sex is beginning to appear. So we firmly see the company's long-term development prospects and the creation of the "Vanket Carrier" untrusted securities (600030): change in controlling shareholders, speed up the integration of resources, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
CCS (600030): The controlling shareholder changes to speed up the integration of resources and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute the offer or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.