The medium-term report for 2022 reveals that the company achieved business income of $34,885 million during the reporting period, and that the company is the largest securities firm in the country.
The scope is as follows: securities brokering; securities investment consultancy; and securities accounting for firm performance in the face of volatile capital markets during the reporting period.
Underwriting and insurance; self-employment of securities; asset management of securities; impact of internal and external factors, such as conflict and interest-added by the Federal Reserve, continued volatility in domestic capital markets, securities industry bonds; swaps for securities investment funds; and long-term claims by companies
But by doing business well, the company effectively controls the business while making use of its advantages so that it can present the business in the middle.
In terms of the structure of operations, the number of operations that fell in performance in the first half of the year was higher than in the growth business. Under the centre of the net economy, the financing arrangements were further refined with a 4.4 per cent increase in net revenue from investment operations and a 12.7 per cent decrease in net revenue from brokering operations.
Net income from managed operations decreased by 2.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by five major players: investors and risk managers in the market;
Net revenue (moveable gains) decreased by 22.1% over the same year, with a decline in investment performance, such as self-investment and direct investment, compromising the firm’s core competitiveness. The company relies on the largest shareholders and Sino-Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, and the Quaker Life Insurance.
The Bank continues to use a combination of advantages to build a “security cushion” for performance growth. With direct financing to develop an integrated business model in which companies, such as East Wind, together form a medium-trusted share, and full registration systems to accelerate progress, the Bank continues to be the firm's most robust performance growth.
In the first half of the year, the company’s ipo project was awarded $87,528 million, an increase of 132.1% over the same period, leading to a 16% increase in the overall size of the equity charge. Equity and bond cover continued to rank first in the industry.
In the framework of a full-fledged registration system, the line of operations, such as investment and direct investment, is gradually becoming more efficient and efficient, allowing for the next three to six months of major events: the whole chain of industry, the full-flow participation of listed companies, and the "flow" of investment banks are becoming the "flow" of securities.
It is expected that, with macroeconomic stability and the easing of the epidemic, combined with the recovery of Hong Kong and overseas investment, the company's investment operations will continue, both from their own size and on the basis of synergies with other lines of business. Under the pressure of equity market adjustments, wealth management and asset management operations will continue to safeguard the company's “fundamental plate”.
During the first half of the year, the domestic equity market continued to fluctuate, adding to the decline in the population’s disposable income and the short-term decline in demand for wealth-management-type products. Public and private fund-raising performance in the first half of the year was weak and fragmented.
However, the company relies on the platform for efficient synergy between the wealth management business line and the summer fund, and through credit equity management,
At the same time, the company raises the rate of return for its wealth management clients against the company’s management capabilities and goods through the industry’s leading equity derivatives and qdii, ficc lines of operations.
Faced with external shocks, such as markets. Corporate risk management. Proactively reducing performance volatility. Market volatility contributed to higher risks in credit and self-employment, derivatives, etc., and asset impairment.
In addition, companies have properly reduced the size of their leverage and venture capital assets, with the shares of self-employed equity, non-equity securities and their derivatives and net capital falling by 9.3 and 42.8, respectively, at the end of the reporting period.
Percentage point, effective in smoothing investment performance. Investment proposal: Current business homogenization in the securities sector is still strong, and, in the context of the continued increase in the Matthews effect, the lead moat is expected to persist and widen, and the pooling of resources becomes more visible, giving rise to opportunities.
As the industry’s absolute leader, the Sino-Trust securities are not only unfavorable in business, prominent in the integrated power industry, but also characterized and heterogeneous in business structures, anti-cyclical properties, and initially emerged. With the completion of the company’s shareholdings, capital strength is effectively supplemented and the business structure is expected to continue to be superior.
We are firmly committed to the long-term development prospects of the company. The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is billion yuan, 25,484 million yuan and 28,583 million yuan, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (600030): Strong performance, high investment advantage, source of financial prosperity in the East.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report (600030): Strong performance, strong investment advantage.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.