Quarterly rating 2023: bottom performance, thick hair, 22/04 2023 Keyword: # performance meets expectations
▪ Events: The company disclosed its first quarterly report in 2023, which generated revenues of 3,671 million yuan, the net profit of the mother, the bottom of the profit under pressure from the industry's inventory, and the recovery of production and sales reflected an improvement in supply and demand. (1) Corporate q1 revenue fell by 28.5 per cent compared to year, mainly due to a fall in prices and a national ailment in information statistics.
The average price of entangled direct veil q1 dropped by $2042 per ton on the same date, the ring q4 continued to fall by $24.5 per month/and the downstream work began after the month, with demand warming, and the sample company stock for Treasure Information Statistics in March was 80 million tons, which began to de-draw, reflecting an improvement in the balance of supply and demand in the industry. (2) Company q1 single season hair
The source shortfall has recently eased, and the company ' s cost level has been relatively stable. (3) The company ' s q1-quarter cost-side escalation is largely influenced by the denominator, and the proceeds from the disposal of funds continue to contribute non-recurring gains and losses. 11.8 per cent for the company ' s q1 period, compared to +2.9 pt, with sales/management/research and development/financial fees
0.2 pct, cost-side increases are mainly affected by the decline in income at the end of the denominator; in addition, the company q1 realized $443 million in asset disposal revenues for a single quarter, compared to $2.979 million, mainly from the continued presence of powder, and the return on investment of $17.93 million, compared to $19.28 million.
▪ The pace of capital spending has slowed and the debt ratio has slightly increased. The net cash flow of company q1 to operate activities - $1,112 million, or 183.2 per cent of the year, mainly as a result of the increase in the balance of receivables financing; The bottom of the industry has been established and the trend has been clear. The pace of industrial output has slowed considerably in the past quarter.
The strong recovery in wind demand and the higher-than-expected improvement in business sales suggest that the balance of supply and demand is accelerating, and that, in the medium term, the demand for wind power continues to improve, domestic demand for hot plastics, infrastructure, etc. is expected to recover, industry stocks are deflated or sustained, and product prices are rising steadily.
It has been made clear that if the demand for end-use electronics, home appliances, automobiles etc. warms, the price hub will also be called China Stone (600176);  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings 2022: the company ' s cost leads to a pre-existing advantage and product upgrading continues to deepen.
The forecast is that profits from the fall of 2023 are expected to rise seasonally, contributing to the restoration of valuations. Based on electronic fabrics, the risk of higher original fuel prices is higher than expected.
The three major financial forecasts for the Great Stones have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.