Yearly review 2022: bottom of the scene, top-up events: company disclosure of year 2022, total operating income of $20,192 million, return to the mother base of profit, showing a reduction in coarse high-end efficiency and profit volatility, second-curve electronic sheeting
Sales continue to grow at a high rate. (1) The prices of low-end products in the industry have fallen sharply, and according to Drove, the national flat-tangled direct sarcophagus q4 has fallen by $871/tonne compared to q3, but corporate q4 revenues have declined only slightly by 2.5% compared to q3 and have benefited from sales, despite being dragged down by crude prices.
There has been a marked improvement in domestic heating and downstream refills, and it is expected that sales will continue to increase at the same rate, with prices benefiting from supply contractions and a rebound in downstream central refills. (2) The company q4 seasons have seen only a small decline of 0.7 pct as compared to a small decline in the q4 season, benefiting on the one hand from a rebound in electronic sheet prices and profitability.
The rebound and the decline in the split end, on the other hand, reflect the fact that higher-middle-end product share has led to a sharp decline in corporate coarse profit than lower-end market prices. (4) Company q4 net interest rate of 28.0 per cent, ring ratio-4.5pt, net profit/income off-back to mother, ring ratio of 19.0 per cent.
The cost reduction was mainly due to higher employee remuneration due to excess profit-sharing in the previous year, a 25.5 per cent decrease in total financial costs compared to the previous year, mainly due to increased interest income and lower average financing interest expenditure — a slowdown in capital expenditure and a marked decline in debt ratios. Company q4 realized operating cash.
Net flows of $510 million, compared to 74.9 per cent, are expected to result in a decline in post-occupancy profits and a small build-up of stocks.
▪ Industry is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand in 2023, and the climate is expected to return to a balance between demand and supply in 2023. We believe that the rough veil is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand in 2023, that the industrial reservoirs are slowing down or beginning to decomposition, that the climate is expected to cool down, and that, if the year of wind and electricity breaks down, that price hub is expected to move upwards as demand recovers.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: corporate cost leads in building pre-existing advantages, product upgrading continues to deepen, moat the river, with profits expected to rise back in 2023 and contribute to valuation restoration. We adjust our reporting support for professional research and analysis, especially when it comes to research and analysis.
He thanked Huang Shi Tao, Hojiang and Shiraito for the risk of higher fuel prices than expected. The year 2022 was a year of record-high profits, but the industry experienced a rapid decline in the second half of the year.
A 9.6 per cent increase on the same base was achieved, thanks to innovation and advances in leakboard technology, in addition to the main business, and companies took advantage of market opportunities to sell idle powder to realize asset disposal gains of 2,573 million yuan. In the second half of 2022, the volume of bratish sales increased by 16.9 per cent to 1,040.1 million tons, corresponding to a single ton combined, owing to low external and domestic demand.
In the second half of the year, e-store sales continued to grow at a high rate of 71.4% to 374 million metres by the same year. The rise in the bottom of the profit shows a reduction in coarse highness and profit volatility, while the second curve e-market sales continue to be high.
Growth. (1) The prices of low-end products in the industry have fallen sharply, with a national average of non-alkali-tangled direct sarcophagus 4 and a decline of $871/tonne over q3, while corporate q4 revenues have fallen by only 2.5 per cent over q3 and sales are expected to continue at the same volume, owing to domestic warming and a marked improvement in downstream repossessions, despite the dragy price.
Higher than growth, prices have benefited from supply contractions and a rebound in downstream centralized reservoirs. (2) The company q4-season Māori rings have fallen by 0.7 pct, on the one hand, as a result of a rebound in electronic fabric prices, a recovery in profits and a decline in the split end, and, on the other hand, they reflect that higher-middle-end product share has reduced company coarse profits significantly less than low-market prices.
The net interest rate for corporate q4 seasons was 28.0%, the ring q3-4.5pc, the net profit/income from deductions from the parent is well controlled at the cost end of q4 and the proceeds from the disposal of funds continue to contribute non-recurring gains and losses. The cost rate for corporate q4 periods was higher, resulting in a 25.5% reduction in total financial costs over the period, mainly as a result of increased interest income and average financing.
Interest expenditure decreased. In addition, the company q4 quarter realized $381 million in asset disposal revenues, a reduction of $144 million in the same year, and investment returns - $59 million, a decrease of $70 million in the same year. Industry is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand in 2023, with a return to the climate and a return to the firm’s net rate of return.
We believe that in 2023 the veil is expected to return to a balance of supply and demand, that the industry’s reservoirs will slow down or begin to deflate, that the climate will warm back, and that the industry will become more profitable if wind and electricity demand are more resilient than expected. Moreover, the excess supply of electronic fabric has apparently been defused in 2022, and as demand recovers, the price hub is expected to move upwards.
The company's cost is a pre-existing advantage, product upgrading continues to deepen the moat, profits in 2023 are expected to rise below expectations, the risk of further recession in the overseas economy, the precipitous rise in the original fuel price, and I am presenting this report with a diligent, independent and objective approach, all of which accurately reflects my views on the subject.
A statement of the personal opinion of the issuer or of the securities issuer; the specific proposals or views contained in the present report are, or will be, made in the past, present or future, regardless of whether they relate directly or indirectly to his remuneration.