On October 22, 2020, the core assets of the Chinese steel industry were created. 2019 company rough steel can produce 4,853 million tons.
First, steel production is 4,688 million tons, the second largest in the world. The company’s main building block (cooled, hot) produces 80% and the company’s core product is 50%; the company’s core product is carboards up to 60% and the home board is up to 70%.
After cutting off three non-steel companies with higher market values, the company actually had a pb of only 0.39x. And by analysing it, we found that the company’s performance was sustainable and could increase significantly in the medium term, and therefore that the company was significantly underestimated.
The company’s performance is driven by the automobile, the home power industry. In 2019, the company’s share of automobiles, household electricity sales amounted to 40%, making a profit contribution of almost 60%.
Car sales are back on track, and household electricity production is generally better. Given the country’s lack of new motor panels, their high capacity, their high productivity, and the combination of import factors, we expect an increase in the supply of domestic motor panels – taking into account that the mid-term completion of real estate will remain high, the demand for new domestic electricity will remain stable, and export and consumption will improve.
The company’s performance will rise in the medium term. For six consecutive months, the company’s main product has been raised to the price of the plant, and the forecast and investment rating of the profits of the company: downstream cars, home appliances are sold back and the supply and supply of the carboard and the company will be the first to benefit from the price increase.
1.1. China ' s Iron and Steel Industry Dragonhead, Boshan Steel and Steel Co. Ltd., formerly Shanghai Boshan Steel and Steel Co., was founded in 1977. In 1998, Boshan Steel was merged with upper steel and plume steel to form the Treasure and Steel Group; Boshan Steel and Steel Co. Ltd. was established in 2000 and was established in the same year.
In 2013, the company completed a repurchase of the largest stock in the history of Shanghai, costing 5 billion yuan, and in 2017 the company absorbed the combined shares of martial steel by swapping shares. The group of martial steel shareholders was integrated into the group of bounties and steels, the latter being known as China's Bo-Wu Group. The share of steel and steel was replaced by the share of silver and steel, with a ratio of 1:0.56;
All assets, liabilities, people, contracts, qualifications, etc. under the banner of martial steel have been transferred to war steel, with a limited share of steel in 100% of the treasure steel stock. The combined steel stock has taken a leap into the country’s steel industry. In 2019, the company’s crude steel production was the second highest in the world, and carboard production was the third highest in the world.
The company specializes in the production of high-tech, high-value-added carbon steel sheets, thick plates, etc.
With steel and fine steel products such as steel pipes, the main products are widely used in automobiles, appliances, petrochemicals, mechanicals, energy exchanges, etc. The company has promoted the idea of intelligent manufacturing as the third international and first-ever steel manufacturing base in the world economic discourse, the Lighthouse Plant.
Based on advanced technologies such as hydraulic sensors, electronic controls, computers and information communication, they are characterized by large, continuous, automated and world leaders in the steel industry.
After absorbing the shares in martial steel, the company now owns four major manufacturing bases, Shanghai Boshan, Wuhan Qingshan (former Wu Gang), Zhang Jiang Dongshan and Nanjing Mayshan, with a combined crude steel production capacity of 4,853 million tons, the first level in the industry. In 2019, it produced 4.68 million tons, with a capacity utilization rate of 97 per cent.
The company's main plate, which in 2019 produced a high of 82.3% of the company's plate (cooling, hot rolls), 80.3% of the income of the steel business and 55.4% of the total, consists of the main products of the cooling board, which are carboards, household panels, and the products of the hot rolls, which are widely used in the industries of bridges, buildings, cars, appliances, machinery, etc.
Oil, gas, silicon steel for ultra-high voltage transmissions. Corporate important products have excellent motor panels, home panels, etc. The company was a Fiat supplier as early as 2001, a mass supplier in 2002 and co-financed by Japan’s New Japan Steel Corporation and Luxembourg’s Assello Company in 2004.
The company's car board market is now up to 60%, while the house board market is up to 70%. The martial arts group holds 100% of the shares; the company actually controls the State Finance Committee of the State Council (61.94% of the total).
By business classification, it can be divided into steel companies and non-steering companies. Steel companies are mainly limited in martial steel (formerly military steel shares), Bojiang River, Shanghai Meishan and Treasure and Steel International, which are responsible for trade distribution; non-steal companies are headed by Bold and Charcoal in the chemical industry, Treasure and Steel Finance in the financial field, Shanghai Farmers Bank, Information Technology Bank, etc.
Eurometallurgy in software and e-commerce. 2. Companies are significantly undervalued at 11.31 x, also at historical lows.
Companies have always attached importance to remunerative capital markets and have long maintained a high proportion of cash dividends. As early as 2012, the Company Shareholders Assembly adopted a distribution bill that conforms to the company ' s charter, and that adheres to the principle of long-term cash dividends, which stipulates that the annual cash dividends are not less than 50% of the net profits of the parent company ' s shareholders, as compared to the annual audited consolidated statements.
The average share of corporate red since the company was listed is 47.5%. In 2019, the company had a total net profit of $12.4 billion in 2019, which is the highest in history. The company ' s highest year is figure 8: net profits are at the highest level in history.
Figure 9: Corporate Roe is in the middle of history net profit (millions of yuan) pb-right axis
2.3. The elimination of high market value non-steel companies and the actual pb is only 0.39x with three non-steel companies with a higher market value: Treasurestone software (50.81 per cent of the company), Shanghai Farmers Bank (9.22 per cent of the company) and Eurometallows (36.72 per cent of the company total):
The main areas of business are research, design, development, manufacture, integration of computer, automated, network communication systems and hardware and software products. Shanghai Farmers Bank: a copy of ipo, reported.
The Shanghai Farmers' Bank is ranked 153rd in the world's banking list; the company ranked 23rd in China's 100th top bank list in 2019, and ranked 2nd in the country's farmers' banks; and the total assets in 2019 were 9302 million yuan. According to company declarations, the size of the Roe, Roa and the assets and liabilities is closer.
Listed companies, stockbreeding companies, green garment companies, and established banks. So we gave the Shanghai comptoir pb at 0.68x, with a market value of $50.5 billion.
At the core, the service system includes electric power suppliers, supply chain finance, warehouse transport processing, industrial goods procurement, revolving capital trading, cross-border power suppliers, supply chain services and data services. Companies finance two rounds and value more than $10 billion.
In summary, the company's current valuation is at a historically low level, while its ratings and performance are at a high level in history, and we believe that the company's performance level is sustainable and will increase significantly in the medium term, and we will analyse it later; after removing the higher market value of non-steel and steel companies, the company actually pb is even lower at 0.39x. So, we think, the company is.
Automobile, home-based heater, board-up 3.1. Corporate performance drives reliance on automobiles, home-based electricity, and in the areas of automobiles, home-based electricity products are predominantly carboards, household panels.
The total output of household panels was nearly 30 million tons, with companies producing nearly 19 million tons, or 63 per cent. Figure 10: Downstream division of corporate sales (2019)
\checkmark \checkmark net profit ratio of lubricant to steel plates decreased from 25.0 per cent to 21.47 per cent.
Figure 11: Company performance is highly correlated with the volatility of automobile production at a higher rate 3.2. Automobile sales are regressed, and steel is 70% of the total mass of cars. Automobile steel consists mainly of steel plates, high-quality steel (tooth steel, spring steel, etc.)
Steel, steel, steel, etc. In automobile steel, car boards account for 52%, and high-quality steel (tooth steel, spring steel, etc.) has been sold twice since the resumption of work in April. The corresponding increase in production and sales in May/June/August 2020 was 2.08 million vehicles, an increase of 8.13%.
In the short term, economic recovery after the epidemic calmed down boosted consumer confidence; central and local governments continued to put in place policies to boost consumption and revive cars. Beijing encouraged high-emission cars to replace old ones, releasing no fewer than 100,000 vehicles in the first half of the year; Shanghai added 40,000 new plates this year; and Guangzhou will increase the target for small and medium buses, giving 10,000 dollars a combination of each vehicle.
At the same time, the low price of luxury cars will help further free up consumption demand. One car, 747 in Australia, and 591 in Japan.
We still have 130 million car holdings in the world’s middle-developed countries. Given the demand for motor panels, it is assumed that the SNA’s target of 200 in 2020 for our 1,000 people is real and that the impact of the new crown epidemic in the first half of this year will be combined, so we predict that we will be able to produce cars in 2020/21/22, respectively.
One vehicle, with a commercial output of 437,451/46,400. According to industry experience, the consumption per vehicle was 1.7 tons of steel and 5.1 tons of steel for commercial use. Thus, the corresponding demand for steel was 5905/6094/62.71 million tons.
On the supply side, as there is currently no new car panel capacity in the country and the capacity utilization is already at a high level, 2219/2225/2235 million tons are available; the volume of car board imports is 886/885/901,000 tons, respectively. As a result, the domestic bus board supply will be in short supply in the automobile board market.
The main types of home electric steel are fracking, zinc plating, hot rollers, silicon steel, paint plates and stainless steel. The proportion of cooling, zinc plating, heat rollers used for home electrical panels is 25%, 23% and 15% respectively, i.e. 63% for home electric steel.
In June and September 2020, the production of air conditioners was gradually reduced and the cumulative demand for domestic electricity was divided into three categories: additional demand for real estate, export demand, and improved consumption. New demand for real estate was dominated by electricity, such as air conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines.
New demand for real estate: In September, the country's new real estate start-up and the cumulative market area for merchandise houses was reduced by the same amount, to only 3.4 per cent and 1.8 per cent, taking into account the traditional market of “Golden 10” and “Commodity Houses in October.
Air conditioners, refrigerators, etc. cumulatively increased by 12% and 20% in August respectively.  Demand for improved consumption: the number of meals at home increased significantly due to an increase in people’s “home” time during the epidemic.
As a result, there has been an increase in the demand for small household electricity in kitchens, such as steam tanks, steam boilers, and the rise in the sale of goods on-line, which is not always a good sale of small household electricity. According to industrial online data, in July and August, the sales of electric steam tanks, steam pots, wall breakers, vacuum cleaners, floor sweepers and so forth increased by more than 20%.
With the attributes of “one house, one house”, and as the economy grows, the demand for air conditioners will continue to rise in 2019, with our air conditioners, washing machines and domestic electricity producing 220 million, 74 million and 79 million units, respectively. Therefore, considering the warming of the landscape, the demand for exports and improved consumption will contribute to the increase in domestic electricity, we expect that in 2020/21/22,
The rate of increase was 1.7 per cent/2.7 per cent/2.1 per cent, respectively, and, according to industry experience, 30, 21 and 34 kg per air conditioner, washing machine and refrigerator were produced. The consumption of steel in refrigerators, colours and air conditioners accounted for 80 per cent of the consumption of steel in the entire household. The use of household panels was 63 per cent as compared to the use of domestic electricity. Thus, we forecast that the demand for panels in 2020/21/22 was 864,888.94 million.
Similarly, subject to the lack of new production capacity on household panels, which is at a high level of over 90 per cent, I have benefited from the recovery of demand and six consecutive months of price increases for company-owned products. Since 2020, the price of the highest degree of zinc plating associated with motor vehicle manufacturing has increased from $6,300 per ton to $7650 per ton, up 21.4 per cent;
The price of paintboards with the highest degree of correlation with domestic electricity manufacture was raised from $4,355 to $4,924 per ton, an increase of 13.1 per cent, a rise of $6350 per ton, an increase of 4.1 per cent. The rise in prices led to an improvement in Maori. The company’s main cost was iron ore. The price of products sold was higher than the price of iron ore.
The price of zinc-iron plating has increased from 8.2 to 9.8, the price of paint-iron ore from 5.4 to 6.3, the price of cold roll-iron ore from 8.1 to 9.5, and the price of hot roll-iron ore from 9.5, so we expect that the company ' s performance will improve in the medium term.
1) Downstream cars, home appliances are sold back and there will be a supply gap and prices will increase between 2020 and 2022; companies will benefit first as car boards and home panels; 2) considering the sustainability of the price increases for chillers and hot rollers, we predict a growth rate in the cooling board business.
In the case of cars, the price of cars is still not stable, according to the Chinese Air Association, and more than 40% of cars are sold at lower prices.
The increase in prices is less than 20%, indicating that the current growth is due to the exchange of prices by distributors. Thus, in terms of overall demand for household electricity, the additional demand for real estate remains the main demand for domestic electricity. If following a tightening of property regulation policies, the sale of goods, lower than expected completion in the medium term, will have an impact on the demand for domestic electricity, as well as recurrent overseas epidemics.
The fall in overseas orders will have a significant impact on domestic electricity exports. Iron ore prices have fallen since August 2020, but they are generally running at a high level, not excluding the subsequent rise in iron ore prices and reducing corporate profit margins.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board