The three main industries of the super-high-pressure tap industry are now leading the green economy, with technological innovation opening the way to the development of a new track - the investment value analysis report of the super-electrician (600089) - the gradual decline of multi-crystal silicone production, technological change and the delivery of new capacity will guarantee rapid growth.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company ' s multi-crystal silicon product was sold at 76,000 tons, and in 2022 it was expected that more (for the first time) tons of tons would be strongly recommended, in terms of capacity, by the third quarter of 2022, the Xinjiang Technology Reform and the Innermont Project would have reached production, and the company would have been able to do so.
Silicon production capacity has reached 200,000 tonnes/year, and is being built up to an estimated 100,000 tonnes/year. As production capacity continues to grow, the signing of long sheets helps companies to bind downstream customers and form a client's resource advantage.
Increased sales of corporate multi-crystal silicon products, increased certainty of the company's silicon production capacity, guaranteed economic sustainability of coal sales, and promotion of the “coal-electric silicon” green-cycle economic industrial chain development 2022 q3, the company's bid being the “Project for a 2 x 660,000 kW Fire Battery Unit in the Prefectural East of Changji State” and the “Bazhou Region”
sfc: aak004 If the 2 x 350,000 kW cogeneration project in the county of Yu, to guarantee the company's power demand in the silicon-based industry and the sale of coal products.
With a significant increase in income size and profitability, the development of the “coal-electric silicon” industrial chain will effectively enhance the overall market competitiveness of companies. The “145” super-pressure of the network is high, and leading firms are expected to perform well.
According to the China Energy News, during the 14th Five-Year Plan, the National Network invested 380 billion yuan in the construction of the super-high-pressure project “24 to 14 straight” and in 2022, the National Network planned to open a total of 13 super-high-pressure lines, compared to the special-pressure plan proposed by the National Network “Carbon peaks, carbon neutrality and action programme” of March 2021 (7 times).
There has been a significant increase in ultra-high voltage flow. The company’s transmission and transformation business is expected to remain high in the context of increased investment in the grid, and an increase in the size of the super-voltage revenue will bring about an increase in the profitability and performance of the company’s transmission and transformation operations.
For the absolute valuation model, the net profit return for the three-year period will remain at a compound rate of 23.83%.
Under the relative valuation model: taking into account the competitive advantage of the company and the space for future growth, new production capacity is not as high as expected, super-high-pressure construction is not as high as expected, and silicon prices are volatile.
Founded in 1993 as a leading company in China’s electricity transmission industry and the first listed company in China’s transformer industry. Special transformers are committed to providing a green clean solution to the global energy industry. They are the national high-technology consortium and our large energy equipment consortium. They have successfully built the super transformer (stock code 60089.sh), Xinjiang Xinjiang, and Xinjiang.
The company, based on Xinjiang, has fostered the development of high-end equipment, new aluminium-based materials, new silicon-based energy “one or two new” countries, and has developed into a world-class front-runner in the transmission and transformation industry, the country’s large aluminium electron, multi-crystal silicon new materials research.
Export bases, large solar photovoltaics and wind systems integrators, have 14 manufacturing industrial parks in the country, and three industrial bases are built overseas. The transformers are the world’s highest in production, silicon-based, aluminium-based new materials enter the first echelon of the international supply chain, and the total number of photovoltaic epc installed is at the top of the world.
The super-electrician has always led the world in the direction of green, intelligent transmission and transformation technology. He has succeeded in sharing energy-saving, intelligent and self-motivated power-building technologies with the world. He has created a world brand for China's major equipment manufacturing industry. He has led to the full-scale export of technology, manufacturing, labour, equipment, etc., and has promoted international energy cooperation. He has been able to move from “China-made” to “China”.
Creates a new leap from “equip China” to “equip the world,” making ultra-high voltage transmission the third China-made business card after iron, nuclear power. The company’s main business consists mainly of transmission, new energy, and energy operations; it has complete research and development.
Production, sale, after-sale service systems. 1) Transmission operations include the development, production and marketing of transformers, cable cables and other transformer products, and the integration of international systems for transmission;
2) New energy operations include: production and marketing of multi-crystal silicon, inverters, provision of comprehensive energy solutions such as photovoltaic and wind power plants, construction, commissioning and transport, and operation of wind and photovoltaic power plants; 3) energy operations include mainly coal mining and marketing, production and supply of electricity and heat.
As of November 2021, the real controllers had an indirect share of 7.41% in the company system and 81.91% in the company’s corporate sector. The central controlling company, Xinjiang Tianjiang Energy Co. Ltd., had a coal business and a controlling subsidiary.
In addition, corporate executives have a shareholding and have a better incentive. Figure I: Corporate organizational structure
In 2021, the company increased its market opening and was subject to a rise in multi-crystal silicon prices, an increase in the generation of electricity from its own power stations, an increase in the price of coal, and a significant increase in the company ' s income and profits in 2021;
Annual income of $61.37 billion, or 37.39 per cent, is equivalent to $7.255 billion for mothers and 196.36 per cent for mothers. In 2022, the company continued to show high performance.
In addition, in the first three quarters of 2022, Māori rates and net interest rates were shown in figure IV: Māori rates and net interest rates.
The Department's sales costs, management costs, financial costs, although slightly volatile, but managed as a whole; and the costs of R & D, in line with the overall human resource planning objectives of “restructure, transform, provide human security for quality development”, as companies increase their efforts in R & D, implement transmissional smart manufacturing, coal efficient mining, increase efficiency in electricity generation and improve multi-crystal silicon quality.
The industry has been able to bring together a wide range of top-level and scarce talent around industry, product lines, and fast and precise approaches. As firms move forward with new investment projects in new energy, energy, and energy industries, firms have increased their efforts to develop digital and technologically advanced personnel, and continue to play a leading role in the transformation of their firms.
By 2022, h1, 130 new authorized patents for companies, of which 18 were patents for inventions; there were 1685 valid patents for companies, of which 437 were patents for inventions; and at the same time, companies actively participated in the development and revision of 9 national standards, 3. Industrial comparison - operational efficiency, managerial efficiency and profitability
The results, as shown in the table, from a comparison of the industry averages of the indicators related to the new energy sector in the power sector, according to the Choice data, show that the turnover rate of the company ' s receivables is essentially the same as the industry average and slightly lower than the industry average, indicating that the company ' s business funds are back on track, but the stock turnover is significantly higher than the industry level, showing the flow of corporate products.
In terms of management efficiency, corporate sales and management costs are significantly lower than industry averages, overall management efficiency, and financial costs are slightly higher than industry levels, mainly due to the company's increased efforts over the last two years to develop new energy sources and transmission grids, etc.
Business results in higher corporate financing costs, but a 17.32% decrease in financial costs compared to the same year in 2020. R & D costs are far lower than industry averages, and R & D costs are expected to increase in profitability as companies develop their future chains of green-cycle economies in coal-fired silicon.
There will be further improvements, and future profitability will continue to guarantee their competitiveness. Second, new energy operations: new breakthroughs in science, technology and innovation guided by market demand as global energy structural transformation and “double carbon” targets continue to deepen, with wind and photovoltaic-based clean energy sources achieved.
Rapid development. In the first half of 2022, our country introduced a number of policies, such as the "XIV Five-Year Implementation Programme for the Development of New and Quality Energy for a New Era " Renewable Energy Development Plan, the "XIV Five-Year Review of Energy Work Guidance " .
According to the relevant documents, during the 14th Five-Year Plan, the country will essentially establish an institutional framework for promoting green, low-carbon energy development, with better policies, standards, markets, and regulatory systems.
Large-scale wind power, light-voltage base-building, photovoltaic projects, etc. in the region, promoting a green, low-carbon energy transformation and accelerating the achievement of “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality”. On the side of the power supply, accelerating the construction of new systems-friendly energy power plants to support the delivery of high-scale renewable energy bases with new storage capacity, promoting the development of deserts, Gobi, large-scale wind-voltage bases and large-scale offshore wind power.
The company’s new energy business is run mainly by the controlling subsidiary, the new special energy source. The new energy source is the country’s leading solar-grade multi-silica producer and photovoltaic project contractor, mainly involved in upstream multi-silica production, downstream wind light power station construction and operation.
2.1 Silicon: The industry continues to be characterized by a high level of industrial activity, and the company ' s capacity is sufficient for development. With the rapid expansion of the country ' s photovoltaic, semiconductor industry, its increasing demand for polysilicon and, in recent years, the country ' s multi-country industrial production of silicon, the multisilica supply has not kept pace with demand.
High-purity polysilica is the basic raw material for the electronics industry and solar photovoltaics. It is not possible for other materials to replace silicon as the main raw material for the electronics and photovoltaics industry. Rapid developments downstream in photovoltaic are expected to lead to industrial growth. Domestic multisilica production costs are already significantly better than those of foreign firms, and in the future the country will continue to break through and master core technology in high-end supply chains.
China’s manufacturing industry has climbed up high-end supply chains, accelerated import substitution, and thus contributed to further industrial development. Tons of tons, 53.4% more than the same year, the average price of single crystal-crystal secret material was about 23.44 million yuan (including taxes) in January 2022. As of the third quarter of 2022, silicon stations had remained stablely high, although a number of silicon products had landed.
Large-scale production at the end of the spectrum, as well as local power restrictions, a small decline in multi-crystal silicon production rings, and the overall supply of silicon materials remain strained. The project to build 100,000 tons of high-purity multi-crystal silicon green energy cycle economy in Mongolia within the company has begun to be tested and 200,000 tons of high-end electronic phase green low-carbon cycle economy phase I has started to be built.
Efficient, energy-efficient, environmentally friendly cold hydrogenization, distillation, reduction and recovery techniques, better product quality, lower production costs, higher digitalization of combined efficiency, intelligent multi-crystal silicon production lines; project to expand production of multi-crystal silicon production lines in Xinjiang and technological adaptation completed, with further scale advantage, resource advantage and cost reduction through technological innovation and process optimization
In the field of multi-crystal silicon production, companies use improved Siemens to improve the quality of multi-crystal silicon, improve the structure of the product and improve the n-type monocrystals around key technological studies such as distillation, system residues, material optimization, equipment stabilization, clean control, etc.
The new energy silicon-based industrial intellectual property operations centre was officially approved by the State Intellectual Property Office; it promotes high-quality development of the science, technology and innovation economy by improving efficiency in the silicon-based industry, reducing the quality of the products, and developing new technologies.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company’s multi-crystal silicon product produced 76,000 tons, and in 2022, the company’s multi-crystal silicon production is expected to be 11-12 million tons.
The signing of long sheets helps companies to bind downstream customers and create a customer's resource advantage. If there is increased competition for silicon rings, it will facilitate stable sales of the company's multi-crysilica products, improve certainty of the company's silicon production capacity, and safeguard the company's position on silicon products.
Table III: Silicon energy integration, adding a powerful firewall to the price volatility of silicon, energy and raw materials account for the bulk of domestic production costs of multi-crystal silicon, followed by depreciation, thus reducing the combined energy consumption and depreciation of production as silicon raw materials of special electricians
The company’s silicon material has a clear cost advantage over other companies: (1) the company’s capacity is located in Xinjiang’s low-priced area, and the company owns a power plant (2 x 350mw) that can be matched with multi-crystal silicon production. It can satisfy about 80% of the company’s multi-crystal silicon production power.
(2) A more robust expansion of the size of the company in the course of its development has also resulted in depreciation and investment advantages brought about by the expansion of the single body and the reduction of investment in units; and (3) higher levels of productivity achieved by the company through science and refinement of management concepts.
Since multi-crystal silicon production is a highly funded industry with high technical barriers, and project construction and project development usually lasts for two or more years, it is easy for the pioneers to have a scale effect and the market concentration is too high. According to market data, in 2021 the country produced about 505,000 tons of polycrystal silicon; of this, the permanent share of silicon production was 109.3 million tons; and the contribution of the paralysic silicon production was 10.9 million tons.
10.45 million tons, Xinjiang's total polysilica production, 866 million tons, and Eastern hope, 7.82 million tons. With the company expansion plan, the company's share rose from 15.49 per cent in 2021 to 22 per cent in 2022, successfully leaping to cr3 in line with Tonway and Convergence.
In November 2022, a special transformer announced that it was proposed to invest 400,000 tons of high-pure industrial silicon and 5 million kilowatts of new energy projects per year in Inner Mongolia, of which 400,000 tons of high-pure industrial silicon is expected to invest 6 billion yuan. The industrial silicon is the main raw material for multi-crysil silicon, and the company will use the existing industrial advantage to create silicon.
The development of new energy power plants has continued at a high rate of growth in carbon neutrality and in a context where the use of single energy varieties has been hampered by multiple constraints in the country ' s efforts to transform its energy structure and build efficiency and efficiency.
Flexible and integrated energy systems will be the focus of energy development in the 14th century. Given the vulnerability of different energy systems, lack of coordination, low energy use, etc., there is an urgent need for storage technology backed by advantages such as up-scaling frequency, ancillary services.
The provision of high-scaling power sources while increasing the capacity of new energy sources to generate electricity, increasing the share of new energy applications and mitigating the problems of “winding, waste, water disposal”; it also helps to reduce the levels of pollution and high energy consumption of traditional and new energy sources, such as electricity and fire power, and contributes to optimizing the energy structure and reducing environmental pollution. Therefore, the development of a multi-energy complementarity system with storage at its core will be a major effort for our country.
The energy economy is a key to a stable and high-quality development. Recently, the Institute of Energy Research of Beijing University published a report entitled “Contents and prospects of new power systems dominated by new energy sources.” The report analyses how our new electricity system is being constructed.
The boundaries between power systems and energy systems are becoming blurred, i.e., the country's electricity system is approaching the energy system.” The construction of new power systems is divided into two phases. During phase 1.0, the country's new energy loadings are growing rapidly, with photovoltaics and light.
By 2025 and 2035 respectively, the total installed heat, land wind and sea wind power amounted to 1,120 million kilowatts and 2,68 billion kilowatts, with non-fossil energy generating 43 per cent and 61 per cent of total electricity generation, respectively. Correspondingly, the increase in coal installed power dropped, reaching a peak of 1,170 million kilowatts in 2025, and then slowly fell to the peak platform period.
In 2035, 1.06 billion kilowatts, about half of which were made up of up to 3,000 hours per hour. During phase 2.0 of the new power system, large-scale substitution of fossil fossil energy stocks was initiated, mainly from photovoltaic and wind power sources.
By the year 206, the total load of photovoltaics, light heat, on-shore wind and offshore wind power will be 5.63 billion kilowatts, the total number of new and clean generators, including geothermal, hydrogen, ocean energy etc., will be close to 300 million kilowatts, with non-fossil energy generating up to 95% of total electricity generation. By that time, the country will have phased out all coal-fired base charge units and stubble units, which will be protected only in high-load areas in the centre-east.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, my country will continue to improve its policy of supporting the photovoltaic industry, and will continue to improve the system of re-testing renewable energy and trading green cards.
In addition to ensuring the basic benefits of the project, we will gradually promote the participation of new photovoltaics in the electricity market, the construction of a new generation of electricity markets, the provision of access to large-scale photovoltaics and the generation of dissipation, the strengthening of the integration of photovoltaic and land-use environmental policies and the introduction of buildings.
With policy support, our solar power generation will continue to grow at a high and sustained rate over the next decade, with photovoltaic power expected to outpace wind power as the third largest power source in the country.
Wind power will lead to greater space for development, with six major policies protecting it. 1) More intensive efforts will be made to scale up wind power.
The development of sea scale, far-reaching sea demonstration, and the promotion of eco-friendly, decentralized wind-fired electricity in the central and southern regions,2 have led to greater technological advances in wind power and industrial upgrading. Efforts have been made to reduce the costs of wind power, particularly at sea, to improve the competitiveness of wind-power markets and to build industrial systems and manufacturing capacity that are adapted to the large-scale development of wind-power.
3) Strengthen and strengthen policies to improve the wind power industry. Deepen the reform of the “diplomatic services” and speed up the establishment of a sound post-priced period of wind power; develop policy measures for managing the operation of wind power enterprises; guarantee the legitimate rights and interests of wind power enterprises; and promote the sustainable and healthy development of the wind power industry. 4) Increase efforts to promote wind power consumption.
(b) Systemic capacity to reduce emissions, optimize the mechanisms for renewable energy power consumption, strengthen the evaluation and evaluation process, and mobilize all types of municipal actors to develop incentives for the use of wind power. (5) Greater efforts are being made to promote synergy in planning policies.
In coordination with planning policies, promote the reduction of non-technical costs, the coordinated development of wind power and natural resources, and the ecological environment. 6) Increase efforts to promote innovation in institutional mechanisms. Accelerate the establishment of well-developed grid systems, price mechanisms, and good conditions for wind power development across borders and for high-quality development. The wind industry is important as a clean energy source.
According to the National Energy Agency, in January-September 2022, the national photovoltaic aggregate installed machine stood at 358.64gw, an increase of 28.8 per cent compared to the previous year; the additional installed capacity was 52.60gw, with a concentration of 17.27gw and a distribution of 35.33gw.
Households use new installed units at 16.59gw. Domestic wind power aggregates 347.7gw, an increase of 16.9 per cent in the same year; additional installed units at 19.2gw, an increase of 17.1 per cent in the same year.
By providing a comprehensive energy solution, the power plant has been built into three models: wind-storming, photovoltaic project design, procurement, construction, commissioning, and the sale of self-held power plants. With years of experience in building and carrying wind-optic power stations, companies will be able to increase the development of new power sources in the future, bringing long-term and stable revenue to the company.
In 2021, the company completed and recognized revenue from the photovolt and wind projects installed approximately 2.3gw, and completed the untransferable and 593mw of the bt project under construction. The company will also continue to strengthen the operation and investment of new energy power plants and demonstrate its hard-verification capacity through the market’s more stringent integration of large systems.
Intelligent photovoltaic solutions to build new electrical ecosystems. The new energy source for the transformer introduced the tb-ecloud solar energy precision assessment platform, which created an in situ station weather data model by integrating information on nearly 300 photovoltaic power stations.
. and integrates data from the world ' s mainstream meteorological sources, nasa, meteonorm, solargis and wind cloud four meteorological satellites, as well as information from more than 90 national meteorological stations. A precise photo-resources assessment model has been developed to achieve the best gas source and construction programme recommended for any coordinates in the national region, to measure the full life cycle of photovoltaic projects over 25 years, to generate assessment reports, etc.
Through the platform, the efficiency of photo-resource assessments for photovoltaic projects can be significantly improved, significantly reducing the time available for selecting sources in the project assessment process. Currently, the tb-ecloud solar resource precision assessment platform has been promoted and used in numerous photovoltaic projects, with nearly 1,500 project models developed through the platform and the tb-ecloud solar resource accuracy assessment platform gaining momentum.
With the development of new power systems dominated by new sources of energy, companies will integrate digital and electrical electronics technologies, and technological innovations will continue to contribute to and move closer to the world’s green energy production to achieve this ambitious goal of carbon neutrality.
Figure XXI: Tb-ecloud data modelling The company's new energy industry and energy industry form a green and environmentally friendly industrial chain for the “coal-electric silicon” economy cycle, stabilizing the extension of the silicon chain, continuously promoting organic silicon, aluminium-based materials, etc.
During the first half of 2022, the country continued to increase its production and supply capacity, with energy-conservation and price-fixing policy measures having been effective and supply-security capacity steadily improving. In the first half of 2022, the State Council, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority followed a multi-sectoral approach.
Policies such as the Solid Economic Package of Policy Measures, the Circular on how to further improve price formation mechanisms in the coal market, and the 2022 Energy Work Guidance, have been issued, proposing to strengthen the capacity of coal-fired power subsides and to accelerate the development of coal mines; and to support coal mines with safe production conditions to increase their productive capacity and to accelerate the release of high-quality coal mine production.
The People's Government of the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region has also issued the Implementation Programme for Accelerated National Energy Security in the Construction of the Xinjiang Large Coal Supply Guarantee Base, which specifies the “XIV Period” as a means of increasing production, capacity and reserves to effectively support such major strategic measures as the “border electricity outbound” “border coal outbound” and the coal-based oil and gas strategic base, and of providing services to the National Development Agency.
According to the National Energy Agency, in the first half of 2022, the production of primary coal from industries above scale increased by 11.0 per cent in the same year, and the import of 115 million tons of coal decreased by 17.5 per cent in the same year. According to the Sino-Turkish Union statistics, in the first half of 2022, the electricity generated from power plants above our size increased by 396 trillion kWh in the same year, by 0.7 per cent in the same year.
As the country’s coal industry continues to increase in concentration, the country’s coal industry will be made more secure, environmentally friendly, regulated, more stringent, large-scale, efficient, safe, environmentally sound and compliant coal.
The company's coal business is dominated by the controlling subsidiary, Tianchi Energy, which includes coal mining sales, electricity heat sales, and two businesses. The company's coal mining area is located in the Xinjiang Pre-East Economic Technology Development Area, which is the fourteenth large coal base identified by the country.
A major part of the land is the country’s largest whole coal field. By the end of 2021, the company’s Southern Open Air Coal Mine, the inclusion of the second mine in the national list of guaranteed coal mines, and by the first half of 2022, the public administration’s approved coal production capacity totalled 60 million tonnes/year, with the Southern Open Air Mine reaching 35 million tonnes/year, and the 2nd Mine reaching 2500 tonnes/year.
Ten thousand tons/year. In November 2022, at a performance meeting, the Special Changer indicated that the company had sold more than 50 million tons of coal in the previous three quarters, and that the subsequent U-turn rail traffic would have a positive impact on transport. On coal prices, the company noted that the average price of coal in 2021 was about 120 yuan/tons, and the average price of coal in the first three quarters of 2022 was about 180 yuan/tons; and the company ' s coal masters ' order.
The company is currently in the process of applying for and approving 5 million tonnes of additional capacity per year for each of the two mines, which will reach 70 million tonnes per year after the approval of the additional production and the completion of the purchase of the capacity replacement target.
As of the third quarter of 2022, the company had managed several power stations.
A cumulative capacity of 2720mw of the Fire Power Plant; large plates of 11640/33.16/689 million in the amount of electricity generated by the company, wind power and photovoltaic power, respectively, amounting to 74.40 per cent of the power generation operation; future power generation is expected to remain stable, with revenue from electricity generated at a price determined by the coal market and will provide one of the stable cash flows to the company.
The company ' s Changi 2x350mw cogeneration project, the border power outlet power supply project, the 2x660mw pit power plant project at the North East Bay North Power Plant, the New Special Energy 2x350mw self-contained plant project, which has a generator unit of more than 350,000 kW, with high capacity and efficiency characteristics, with all the generator sets of nitrogen oxides, sulphur dioxide, smoke and so on being placed at a very low level.
Emission standards, clean and green power generation, with clear advantages in energy-saving emission reductions. The new XE 2x350mw self-contained power plant provides stable power security for the production of the new Xinjiang multi-crysilica industry.
The indicator, if achieved, not only is a direct reflection of the state of equipment in power plants and even heat plants, the quality of personnel, the level of management, but also determines whether the power plant will be able to generate as many sales as possible at a certain level of power generation, and whether the power plant will be able to earn as much as it can at a certain human, financial or material cost.
According to the National Energy Agency (NEA), the average power consumption rate at the national power generation enterprise complex was 5.52 per cent. The power consumption rate at the combined plant at the Changi 2*350mw thermal power plant project fell from 6.91 per cent in 2018 to 6.16 per cent in 2021, while the rate at the combined plant was lower than 5.28 per cent in 2020 for the new North Power Plant at 2*660mw in the Eastern Bay.
In September 2022, the company issued an announcement and Tianchi Energy signed a contract with the People's Government of the Mongol Autonomous Oblast of Baeing Guo, “The construction of the project will provide further guarantees of electricity and heat supply in the Jiu region and for the company's industrial silicon project of 200,000 tons/year”
The company’s new energy industry and its energy industry form a green and green industrial chain for the “coal-electric silicon” economy cycle, pushing stability into the extension of the silicon industry chain and continuously promoting projects such as organic silicon, aluminium-based materials, etc.
IV. Power transmission operations: super-high-voltage build-up and power enterprise growth peaks, with the introduction of the goal of “building new power systems with new energy sources” leading to major changes in the power structure, with green power sources becoming the main power source; in the grid area, power is allocated from coal to hydropower to new energy sources.
In the first half of 2022, the international situation was complex, the new coronary pneumonia epidemic persisted, and global economic growth slowed down.
In the face of an exceptionally complex and difficult situation, the country has effectively implemented a package of measures to stabilize the economy. In the first half of 2022, several departments, including the State Department, the National Development and Reform Commission, the National Energy Authority and others, produced the Energy Work Guide 2022, which provides for the promotion of quality development of energy in the new era.
The implementation programme of the exhibition, a solid economic policy package, will strengthen the planning for the construction of a large wind and light power base, supported by clean, efficient and energy-efficient coal power around the perimeter, a new energy supply-consumption system with stable and reliable ultra-high voltage transmission lines as a vehicle, the approval and initiation of procedures for the construction of a super-voltage transmission corridor, with a focus on pumping water.
Superhigh voltage is a technology that communicates 1,000 kV and above and directs 800 kV and above, with technical advantages such as high transmission capacity, distance, efficiency, and low wear and tear.
The transmission capacity of ultra-high voltage transmission technologies is up to three times higher than that of conventional transmission technologies, up to 2.5 times higher transmission distance, with electricity losses reduced by 45 per cent, the width of the per-capacity corridor reduced by 30 per cent, and the per-capacity price reduced by 28 per cent, allowing for a more secure, efficient and environmentally friendly allocation of energy.
As a result of the uneven distribution of our electricity resources, more than 80 per cent of our energy resources are located in the west and north; more than 70 per cent of our electricity consumption is concentrated in the east and centre, the distance between supply and demand is about 800-3000 km, and, owing to the economic backwardness of the resource-rich regions and the scarcity of the population, the generation of electricity cannot be fully consumed in those areas, and the power resources cannot easily be stored, if not delivered.
But in the face of such large-scale long-range power transmissions, the problem of the loss of lines, system stability and short-circuit currents is very serious, so the problem is to use ultra-high-voltage transmissions to solve the problem, which, according to the national grid data, has so far resulted in the construction of 26 “four-to-thirteen-thirteen-thirteen” super-high-pressure projects.
Thousands of metres, with a capacity of more than 450 million kVA (kW). With economic development, the country ' s entire population has been able to use more electricity every year, and the number of electricity delivered across districts and across provinces has been increasing year by year, which has contributed positively to the construction of super-pressure. According to a super-high-pressure line, a total investment of 380 billion yuan has been made. In 2022, the 13 ultra-pressure lines planned for construction in the country accounted for "10."
Four-fifths are close to one-third of the total of 38 plans. Far from the extra high voltage in 2018-2021, it is expected to result in a significant increase in the size of the industries involved in high voltage electrical switches, new materials, shifting valves, cables, transformers, machinery, etc.
At the end of the first half of 2022, the capacity of the country for power generation was estimated at 2,488 million kilowatts, an increase of 8.1 per cent. Market competition patterns are more oligarchy and are relatively concentrated.
In the area of ultra-high voltage transformers, domestic manufacturers are mainly Chinese Western power, super-voltage transformers, Tianwei security, and foreign manufacturers are mainly abb, Siemens and Ah Hae-jung. According to the statistics of past ultra-high pressure tenders and the competition patterns of listed companies for information, ultra-high pressure transect direct transformers are more stable.
The winning share of the three companies is almost close, and in the bidding for the electricity-resistant products, China Western is usually the leading company in the country's transmission industry, where the transformer industry is now transmitting electricity directly from super-high-pressure to super-high-voltage, and the development of critical transmission equipment, such as large hydropower and nuclear power, has reached world leadership levels, and the cable industry is in production.
The development of an international integrated system has also led to better synergies between the exports of the company's transformer products. The transmission of electricity has centred around product characteristics, using a business model “to sell” with only a few standardized products.
The company undertakes the design, procurement, construction, installation, debugging, maintenance, etc. of the integrated operations. Total product coverage of the transformer product, with the quality + slogan advantage being the double guarantee of performance growth.
The Māori rate fluctuated as a result of increased competition in the market and the impact of grid capture, but the company stepped up market openings and actively expanded the new market for offshore wind and electricity. Greater product R&D efforts were accompanied by greater cost control, and the execution of orders was accompanied by the collateral effects of hedging.
The electricity cable business has been growing steadily, and the scale effect has driven the order. The company power cable business has been more stable, and, in the case of market fragmentation, the switch electrician has been able to use the synergies of the transmission and transmission operations to help keep the order stable.
h1. The electricity cable product generated $5.138 billion, an increase of 52.70 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in demand in the transmission sector and the increase in the public sector’s market opening efforts; the Māori rate of 9.06 per cent, which remained essentially the same as the previous year.
The impact of the epidemic has slowed down the pace of work, but as the future impact of the epidemic has weakened and the demand for transmission-to-power projects has been warming, the plate is expected to return to growth. As of 2022 h1, revenues from transmission-to-power packages were 1,468 million yuan, as a result of increased outbreak control over the same period in the previous year, the construction of overseas projects has accelerated.
Continuous research and development in the field of transmission and transformation has enhanced the international competitiveness of enterprises. The company has taken the lead in the development of a number of major technology projects in the country, the public relations project and the national production launch (set) of the major equipment manufacturing industry, and has completed the development of prototype units for the installation of 6,100kv and 1,800kv current transformers.
(b) The company's development of ultra-high-pressure FDI valves, which solves the problem of remote, large-scale evacuation of existing new energy power sources based only on the import dependence of core components, such as super-high-pressure current transformer tubes, delineation devices, and extensive experience in research and development and industrialization of ultra-high-pressure straight-flow equipment;
The first time that the flexible straight-flow technology was upgraded from ~350kv to ~800kv, using bottlenecks that were tied to the fire or consumed at close proximity to the ground, opened a new era of direct transmission of electricity. Operations included two major parts of the production of transformers and cable cables; with its successful development in 2021, it was able to develop ultra-high pressure sensors, sets of sensors, etc.
New products, such as tubes and switch valves, are expected to continue to grow in volume in the future. Industrial linkages allow companies to interact with each other’s products and operations, contribute to the spread of corporate branding effects as a whole, and contribute to the optimal allocation of resources through integrated management.
1. The key assumption of the company ' s sub-branch is 1.1 new energy business: 1) the company ' s silicon business remains competitive in the context of tight balance between supply and demand of silicon, with the company ' s new capacity falling into the ground.
The full volume of orders is expected to take advantage of the opportunity to increase significantly; power station development, with the accumulated experience of wind and light power station construction and transport over the years, will continue to grow and generate long-term and stable revenues for the company.) Profit forecasts suggest that the cost of production per unit of the company will gradually decrease as new capacity becomes operational; and, at the same time, the company will increase the boo approach.
1) The company has sufficient coal reserves and plans to continuously upgrade two coal mines under the company's flag; while there is little room for increased coal production, there will be some improvement in the benefits of energy operations, driven by short-term high coal prices and the continued growth of power plant operations.
2) Profit forecasts for energy operations, in the context of high bulk prices, are for coal revenues in 22 - 24 years, 1.3 transmissions, respectively: companies, as transformers, lead in technology and sales scale industries; transmission operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate of growth in super-high-pressure construction, and 22 - 24 years:
1.p/e, p/b, p/s model valuations, based on the above-mentioned corporate overall performance projections, we measured the company ' s 2022 counterpart p/e, p/b, p/s as: 47.63 median p (tttm) for the Shinwan Electronic Equipment Industry, with Hong Kong-American shares, taking into account the company ' s new energy sources
Multipe, combined with a corresponding projection of eps (distribution) of $2.11 per share in 2022, thus obtaining a reasonable equity range of less than 1 peg and a clear underestimation of the company ' s share price, the underlying assumptions for absolute valuation are as follows:
(a) Sustained growth rate: given the fact that the transformer is the leading player in the new energy industry and transmission business in the country, and in the context of the growth rate of the country ' s gdp, it is assumed that the growth rate will be 2 per cent per annum;
(3) Tax rates: We predict a more stable future corporate tax policy, combined with the company ' s actual tax rates over the years, assuming the company ' s future 5) the cost of post-tax debt capital: based on the latest publication by the People ' s Bank for a period of five years or more, ipr, combined with the company ' s combined tax rate, is projected at 3.66 per cent.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we have been able to measure Wacc as sensitive analysis of the dcf valuation model using the dcf valuation model.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved 76,000 tons of production of multi-crystal silicon products, and in 2022 it is expected to produce 11-12 million tons of multi-crystal silicon, with a long list of 53.7 million tons of silicon materials and crystallized energy during the reporting period, in terms of capacity, up to the third quarter of 2022.
Ten thousand tons of productive capacity; the company’s capacity is expected to reach 30.4 million tons in 2023 and 2024 as the capacity continues to be released. The firm’s ability to produce silicon products is expected to be increased in 2023 and 2024.
The coal sales economy is continuing, promoting the development of the “silicon” green-cycle economic chain. 2022 q3, the company's winning bid is the “Project for the 2 x 660,000 kW Fire Battery Unit in the Prefectural District of Changji” and the “Project for the 2 x 350,000 kW Heat Union in the Regional District of José in order to safeguard the company's electricity demand and the sale of coal products in the Silicon-based industry.
The country’s “145” super-pressure is expected, and leading companies are expected to perform well.
During the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan, the National Network invested a total of 380 billion yuan in the construction of the super-high-pressure project “24 to 14 straight” and in 2022, the National Network planned to open a total of 13 ultra-high-pressure lines “10 to 3 straight” compared to the special-high-pressure plan (7 echo-high-pressure straight flow) proposed by the National Network “Carbon peaks, carbon neutralization and action programme” of March 2021.
The company’s transmission-to-power business is expected to maintain a high profile, and an increase in the size of the ultra-high-pressure income will boost the profitability and performance of the company’s transmission-to-power business. Give the company a “strongly recommended (first)” investment rating.
The benchmark index notes: a stock-headboard benchmark is 300 indexes of depth, the start-up panel benchmark is 300 indexes, the start-up panel benchmark is 50 indexes, the Northwards benchmark is 50 indexes, the Hong Kong share benchmark is a permanent index, and the US share benchmark is 500 indexes.
International Limited is a 33-year-old voucher dealer with license plate No. 1/4/5/9 issued by the Hong Kong CVM.