Light-loading, which benefits from a conglomerates working with the conglomerates, benefits from a confluence of the conglomerates. The central bank's first request for approval for the establishment of the conglomerates will further advance the integration of resources and business synergies.
To benefit from the corporate e-sbu conglomerate strategy, integration into the wealth e-sbu conglomerate, support for investment in the e-sbu conglomerate, integration with corporate companies in a variety of areas, such as customer resources, co-marketing, etc.
Market data: 10 June 2021 The rich management transition has advanced: the investment of ipo operations has been very successful, with bond cover maintaining a high level of over 60% combined. In the broader context of registration and openness to the outside world, the securities firm has a double role.
The new development paradigm provides a historical mission for efficient financial services, with a wide range of development space for investment and wealth management operations, including finance.
The company ' s projected liability for the impregnated mps project was $4,552 million by the end of 2020, which is relatively adequate.
The second-tier market has fallen sharply; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations; stock risks have not been addressed as expected in China, 28 Punrith Street, in the West Side of Beijing; and group synergies have fallen short of expectations.
Seven floors of the center, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., 1.1 Holdings Holdings Group, the first applications for the establishment of a gold control group were accepted.
The stockholdings of the company are Gwang Big Group, which is actually controlled by the State Council. The Gwang Big Securities were established in 1996, completed a stock ipo in 2009, completed a share ipo in Hong Kong in 2016, with a registered capital of RMB 4,611 million. The stockholdings of the company are Gwang Da Group of China, with 25.15% of the shares held directly and 20.83% of the shares held indirectly through the Gwang Big Company (0165.hk).
Full licence operations are carried out with seven first-level holding subsidiaries, namely, big futures, luminous capital management, big capital (other types of investment), light money control (extra-sea operations), big development (private equity), big capital (fund management), with the exception of big holdings (55 per cent), with the exception of big ownership: 14 branches, 254 securities offices, and 126 throughout the country's 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities.
Based on “finance + business,” the Great Group proposed an e-sbu ecosystem development strategy in 2018. e-sbu refers to “the use of light on the basis of the priority strategic business unit (sbu, strategicbusinessunit)”
Combining large-scale operations and production has the advantage of introducing ecosphere digitized elements, reflecting a new model of co-development with a luminous feature (everbright). The Big Light group covers six large sbus, one for wealth, one for investment, one for investment, one for environmental protection, one for tourism, one for health, and one for division of labour, one for integration and one for examination among the different groups.
The Group’s co-testing of indicators related to “cross-sales”, “customer migration” and “collaborative product innovation” has been increasing since the introduction of the ecosystem strategy, with performance indicators. In 2020, the Bank of Light, for example, recorded an increase of 100 billion yuan, or 40 per cent, and a co-generation gain of 8.25 billion yuan, or 70 per cent.
In December 2016, the Great Light Group established a fully-owned and controlled financial technology subsidiary, which brings together companies within the Group's science, technology and innovation capacity-building and empowerment group. In December 2020, the Great Light Group officially launched the “esbu in synergy with core system 1.0” and the “Sight Clouds in Life” superapp. The “e-sbu in synergy” system was fully integrated at the corporate level.
The front-end platform consists of a `collaborative marketing platform' and a `collaborative management platform'. The `Collaborative marketing platform' uses a c-end client as an entry point to provide a one-stop integrated solution to `wealth-to-people-to-life' for customers, including banking, credit card operations, securities opening, insurance purchases, trust finance and other wealth management products, as well as cloud fees, online pharmacies, housekeeping, homekeeping, etc.
Business shopping, tourism, etc. Human services products. The Synergy Management Platform provides top- and bottom-up co-workstations with coordinated marketing channels and integrated solution support, using b- and g-end clients as entry points. Since 2018, the Big Light Group has grown by an average of 28.5%, technologists have multiplied, and the power of science and innovation has grown rapidly. The Big Light Group plans to complete the digital light system by 2022, and to create wisdom by 2025.
Big light, which drives a number of STI unicorns to hatch, forms a conglomerates of technology. Figure 3: e-sbu, in collaboration with the core system & “Glossy Cloud Living” Superapp securities are a powerful support for the group’s ecological strategy, and will also benefit fully from the group’s collaboration.
Annually, large securities realize the associated transaction revenue of $358 million, or +31 per cent, of which 64,841.1 million, or +44 per cent, are under cover; administrative fees and performance remuneration of $61,571,000, or +24 per cent; interest income earned on deposited funds of $203 million, or +30 per cent; and rental seat commission income of $20,3777 million, or +48 per cent. In 2020, larger securities paid more to big bank transactions, based on the associated transaction expenditure.
Not to pay interest on loans of $61.980 million for commission and fees for the agency ' s sale of financial products, in addition to the sum of $10.839 million paid for the Sioux Sioux Sioux Sioux Sioux Sioux. Brokers are among the companies ' highest revenue-earning operations, with their share declining, but still close to one third; the investment rate has declined since 2017.
Corporate roe as a whole is lower than the industry average, and the recovery began in 2019, reducing the gap between industry and industry average roe. Figure 9: Large securities and industry roe as compared to wealth management 2.1: building the wealth e-sbu biosphere based on a coordinated strategy
By the end of 2020, there were 4.12 million clients of the company, with assets of $1.16 trillion. By the end of 2020, overseas securities brokers strengthened financial science and technology and upgraded service levels on the line.
According to the New Wealth Network, published in June 2020, Big Data Precision Marketing Uniforms, which provides client-critical services through precision marketing, have now reached 99% of the job completion rate for large securities.
Building a diversified product matrix that provides a “one-stop-market” service. With the Ministry of Financial Products as the centre of the product, integrating products from within and outside the field, such as RMB, high futures, HDR, etc., and promoting the construction of the “three” (goods, shops, stars) and, ultimately, a global configuration system.
In 2020, corporate sales focused on raising public funds increased by 68% over the same period, while private sales grew by 169% over the same year; the proceeds from sales were $386 million, or +40% over the same period, and close cooperation was achieved between Gwang Da and the Group in the marketing of products and customer resources, in the form of a multi-faceted combination of customer marketing, customer and project proposals, the stock exchange, product hosting, and product sales.
In conjunction with the Great Light Bank, the “110 Project” was launched, with the launch of the “Cloud Sharing” and “Benefits Sharing” activities, which accumulated over 80,000 newly opened securities, representing about 15 per cent of the total of 540,000 new openings throughout the year. A fully-owned subsidiary carries out futures brokerage operations with large futures.
Innovative business such as the Internet. In 2017, the average futures daily bond declined significantly, and then rose year after year, and in 2020, the average daily bond size was 117.36 luminous securities managers were in the first line of the industry. Corporate management revenue rankings rose from 8th place in 2016 to 5th place in 2020. In 2020, companies achieved net corporate asset management income (including funds) of $1,958 million, and in 2016-2020, net management income.
It continues to improve its proactive management capacity. It continuously optimizes its internal team structure, actively deploys its multi-product-type and investment strategy, upgrades its proactive management capacity, and increases its proactive management over a sustained and proportional period of time.
In 2016 - 2020, the size of corporate holdings (public fund-raising + private households) went from 78.4 billion to 2.3 billion: the best performance in history, the convergence of equity debt, the improvement of business efficiency, and the rising ranking of industry. In 2016 - 2019, corporate investment income rose from 14 to 14 in the industry.
In 2020, the company achieved a net investment fee of 1.987 billion yuan, the highest annual investment income, and a combined annual growth rate of 8 per cent for 2016-2020. In 2020, the Hong Kong subsidiary completed a sole insurance project, 14 Hong Kong equity ipo projects, and the number of projects ranked 19th in the Hong Kong market, and the middle-income securities firm had a combined annual growth rate of 8 per cent.
In 2016-2019, the industry ranked seventh in terms of commission revenue for corporate bond underwriting. Among these, inter-bank products (medium, short-emission, targeted instruments) accounted for 56,365 million yuan and industry ranked third; local debt underwriting stood at 48,984 million yuan and industry ranked sixth; asset securitization operations accounted for 1,380,91 million yuan and market share 6.46 per cent.
2.4 Self-employment: the size of the investment has increased and the income has grown less rapidly than that of the peer 2.5 capital brokers: two interest rates have been relatively stable, two interest income on pledge has been relatively stable and ranked better than on brokering. In 2020, the corporate interest income has been 2.834 billion yuan, and between 2016 and 2020.
By the end of 2020, the company ' s bank balance was 47.487 billion, with comparable securities dealers making similar sums of money. Of that amount, the internal bank balance was $41,644 million, with a cumulative reduction of 77 per cent. The weighted average performance guarantee rate for corporate stock pledge projects was 153.63 per cent, and the weighted average performance rate for self-financed projects.
By the end of 2020, $14,381 million had been invested in a cumulative project and $12,304 million had been recovered; at the end of the period, $3,011 million had been left in loans receivable from finance leases.
Institutional operations include, inter alia, institutional transactions, principal brokers, asset trusteeship and outsourcing, investment studies, etc. (1) institutional transactions, corporate transactions, improved customer classification, strong marketing planning, and significant growth in revenues from institutional transactions. In 2020, public fund commissions were allocated 4.25 per cent of revenue, competitively reduced to 13 places in 2020, at the same level as in 2016. (2) principal brokerage operations: finance, private collection, trust, etc.
By the end of 2020, there were 1,115 corporate private partnerships with 1,681 continuing pb products. (3) Greater efforts were made to expand the hosting and outsourcing of private equity funds. By the end of 2020, private fund-raising outsourcing services had reached $46.1 billion, new public trust funds had reached $6.9 billion, and trust share registration services regulations had been introduced.
Modular $199.3 billion. The mps project risks are gradually cleared up. The fully-owned subsidiary of the big capital (the full-sum stock of securities) is the executive partner of the mps project, with priority limited partners contributing $3.2 billion, middle-level limited partners contributing $1 billion, and the bottom line.
By the end of 2020, the company’s projected liability for the impregnated mps project was $4,552 million.
Investment advice and profit predictions benefit from group synergies. The central bank’s first applications for the establishment of a large group of controlling shareholders will further advance resource integration and business synergies.
In 2020, corporate wealth, capital management, investment income and income were 29%, 16%, 16%, and 16%, respectively.
In the broader context of registration and openness, securities companies have a historic mission to provide efficient financial services for the new development pattern of “double-cycles” and have broad scope for investing in and managing wealth.
Four hundred and fifty-two billion yuan, relatively adequate; capital market reforms have fallen short of expectations; stock risk has fallen short of expectations;
The report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.