The new applications of carbon silicon are open, and the big silicon glasses are open.
Carbonated silicon, based on high refraction rates, is the ideal choice for the ar lens: the ar glasses, based on real-time perception, interactivity and elasticity, are considered to be the ideal vehicle for the ai technique, but the early argose lenses are projected through complex mirror reflections, and there is insufficient view field and optics.
Badness, thickness of mirrors, high refraction rates on the base of the carbon silicon line, combined with diffracting light wave guidance technology, are the ideal choice for the ar lenses. (1) Light Quantified: single carbon silicon lenses are 75-90% below the weight of the traditional mirrors; (2) better imaging: effective restraint of light, reduced loss of light.
Loss, increase in brightness, solve the rainbow effect, achieve a wider field angle; (3) energy saving & continuation: reduce the loss of light and improve transmission efficiency. Carbonated silicon applications open, ar glasses bring a new volume market: we assume an 8 inch carbon.
The price of silicon liners is 5,000 yuan, 8 lines cut, the single-line silicon line is 600 plus, and the value of the carbon silicon liners required for a pair of glasses is about 1,200 yuan, assuming that the carbonated silicon displays an 8-inch capacity for the crystal-saving positive layout, all of which are self-made: the crystals are currently planned for 250,000 6 inches and so on.
50,000 pieces of negative-lined capacity, from crystals, slices, thinning/painting, polishing, cleaning/checking, all compatible with 6-8 inches, accompanied by a recent step-by-step increase in the Moor Law, which will quickly replace 6 inches, and the production capacity of the next 8 inches will be replaced by 8 inches of production.
Main. The price of the 6 inch carbon silicon liner is now 3-4000 yuan per plate, with a high competition, 8 inches.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: PV is the first curve of crystals, PV and semiconductor consumption, and PV and semiconductor equipment.
Transistor Power (300316): Semiconductor large silicon tablets should be 12/11/10 times greater, taking into account the company's current low valuation and the growth of semiconductor operations.
To maintain the “buy-in” rating, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.