High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Centre Holding stock holders completed a mix-up assessment; excavator growth in March exceeded expectations of 1,400 incidents
The company issues a voluntary disclosure of information on the progress of the change in the mixed ownership of shareholders. Xu is limited to the controlling shareholders of Xu Engineering and has completed the audit and evaluation of the mixed ownership reform, the results of which were recently completed at the State Finance Committee in Xuzhou City.
Xu's assessment has been limited and the process of change has advanced; after the evaluation has been completed, Xu's team will actively pursue the introduction of Xu's limited strategic investors, and will complete the work on the governance of Xu Xu Xu's Ltd., the employee's shareholding and the job manager's hiring program. Xu's proposal will be limited.
Strategic investors are introduced through stock transfers and replenishments. The stock transfers account for about 17% of Xu's total equity after a limited mix of workers, and the replenishments account for less than Xu's total equity after a limited mix of ownership reforms have been completed.
1. The performance in 2019 was as expected, with 34 per cent car cranes (including). Xu was limited in ownership of 38 per cent of the shares of listed companies and 13 per cent of the shares of Xu Xu Xu Xu's limited shares of listed companies were indirectly held by the Xuzhou City State Finance Committee.
Xu's limited capacity is expected to improve in the future, with Xu's limited ability to adapt, and Xu's ability to do so is expected to be closer to the 3rd and 1st jobs. — Xu's Mechanics Review, 2019.12.15
The stock of excavators grew by 12 per cent in March, exceeding market expectations, and Xu Di's share rose to 17 per cent. 3. The three-quarters report doubled its performance, reaching an all-time high year, and there has been a rapid increase in the volume of engineering machinery sales since mid-March.
Qualitatively strong - Xu's three-quarterly review, 12%. The cumulative sales of excavators in January-March fell by 8% on a year-on-year basis, better than the market's expectations. The country's product card performance is bright, and market concentration continues to rise. Xu's sales have increased by 35% over the year, with the city taking over.
17%. Based on feedback from the mainframe plant and upstream spares discharges, we are initially expecting more than a 50% increase in the same number of excavators in April, and a significant increase in the same number in the same number.
The product-end Xu's crane has continued to be rolled out, marketing agents' incentives have been reformed, Xu's crane is expected to shrink in March, and q1 is expected to drop by 10 - Wang Huajun
Excavator assets are injected, and Xu’s excavator business is expected to be valued by more than $20 billion. Investments in capital-related property have fallen short of expectations: the risk of a decline in sales in some product industries: the impact of the new global crown epidemic on offshore demand and supply chain risks.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: