The process of change is continuing, and the long-term development of SVRD has led to the event: the company has been informed that the audit and evaluation of the reform of Xu's limited mixed ownership system has been completed.
The results of the assessment were completed at the Xuzhou People’s Government’s State Assets Monitoring Committee. The change is continuing and the company’s long-term development is being facilitated. According to the company’s announcement, the review and assessment of the controlling shareholder, Xu Xu, has been completed and completed.
Under the Implementation Programme, Xu is to introduce strategic investors through stock transfers and replenishments. The stock transfers account for about 17% of Xu's total equity after the limited mix, and the equity gains account for no higher than Xu's after the limited mix.
After the completion of the reform of Xu's limited mixed ownership system, Xu's limited shareholdings were no less than (including) 34%. The promotion of the mix was aimed at further improving corporate governance structures and incentive systems, improving business efficiency, stimulating business dynamism, and contributing to long-term corporate development.
Downstream high, with high growth in corporate performance. Benefiting from downstream capital demand, stronger environmental protection, increased demand for equipment upgrading, and artificial substitution effects, the engineering and machinery industry has a higher profile, with 16% of sales in the excavator industry and about 33% in the automobile crane industry in 2019.
In 2019, according to performance forecasts, the company is expected to return to the benefits of the diggers, and the engine of growth of the cranes is still in motion. In the recent past, as a result of the epidemic, industry sales have been under pressure.
At the peak of sales, the demand for countercyclical policy regulation, among other things, continued throughout 2020. With the gradual control of the epidemic, business production has gradually returned to normal, taking into account the demand release of the delayed and depressed q1 system and the low base for the same period last year, the industry is expected to grow at a better rate in q2.
The demand for concrete machinery and cranes, in accordance with the order of commencement, reflects a period of relative delay in excavators. With the recovery of excavators, the cranes are expected to grow.
Xu Engineering Machinery (000425): The profits have doubled and the industry has not received, and will not receive, any form of direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.