Xu's limited mix and the introduction of a war launch will open a new chapter for Xu's operation: According to public information, Xu's pilot project for the reform of the mixed ownership of Xu's Engineering and Machinery Company Ltd., approved by Xuzhou City State Committee on July 25, 2019
On June 24th, 2020, the project for the replenishment of the mixed ownership reform was publicly placed on the Jiangsu property exchange. Xu's limited mix-up and the introduction of the war launch will open a new chapter for Xu's shareholders in the company's holding stock.
Xu's limited access to the Replenishment Project under the mixed ownership reform was publicly placed on the Jiangsu Property Exchange on June 24, 2020, and no more than 10 strategic investors are to be publicly recruited, and after completion, the former shareholder Xu's group and a provincial sole-owned company together hold the Replenishment.
The share of Xu workers in limited shares is not less than 51%, and the share of strategic investors and employees in the platform together holds no more than 49% of the limited share of Xu workers in the post-replenishment portfolio (where the platform has an international outreach, M & A and joint ventures, repayment of bank loans and replenishment of liquidity, etc.).
Total equity/flow (million shares) is of the view that the limited introduction of the war pitch by Xu is not only a means of obtaining more funds for greater development space, total market value/flow (millions)
It is also expected to introduce more advanced management experience and more flexible incentives to improve management efficiency and effectiveness, and to open a new chapter in Xu’s development. It is hoped that high-quality assets under the shareholder’s banner will be injected and business will grow in synergy: corporate ownership
Xu's high-quality assets such as excavators, miners, towers, concrete, 2019.
Thirty-five thousand sales a year, 41.1 per cent more than the previous year, holding the second largest position in the country, the new miner base came into operation, receiving 1.5 billion orders in the last quarter alone, in the global open-air mining manufacturing industry, Xu's annual report (000425).
Top five businesses, top three billion in revenue, second-largest in the country, two Schwein concrete industries, beautiful, looking at the high-quality assets of the fast-changing group, which are worth 10 billion. With the change of scenes in the future, high-quality assets are expected to be under the banner of the controlling shareholder.
Xu's semi-annual product line has grown, and the MQG's high-quality capital has increased capital investment in the country since the outbreak, and continues to benefit from the high profile of the industry: the first quarter of the epidemic.
Injection of production is expected to have a significant impact on the domestic economy, the effects of the recent ongoing overseas epidemic on external demand, the intensification of domestic policy in the off-the-shelf period, and a marked increase in capital investment.
From mid-March onwards, a significant upgrade began with the cumulative sale of 1,458,000 core variety excavators in January-May, representing an increase of 19.42 per cent over the same period, and the cumulative sale of 23.9 million vehicle cranes in January-May, in conjunction with the certified certification code:
The engineering and machinery industry is expected to remain high throughout the year as new projects continue to be under way. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: we expect the company’s net profits for 2020-2022, respectively.
Xu Qualifications Code: Xu's limited access will open Xu's new chapter. Xu's limited access will open Xu's new chapter.
Eight years of work in the financial sector, including Robot Trend. Before entering the financial sector, there was a wealth of business experience, production techniques, markets and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2019, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.