Xu's annual report for 2019 and the one-quarter report for 2020.
(1) In 2019, the company realized 59,176 million yuan, or +33.25 per cent of the year; in 19 the performance was in line with expectations, and the fall in profits of 20q1 was mainly due to loss on exchange and an increase in the margin impairment. (1) In 19 years, the revenue sub-operation was 20.8 billion yuan (+32 per cent of the year), and the machinery was removed 6.3 billion yuan.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): yuan (year-on-year + 26 per cent), spare parts for engineering machinery of $13.1 billion (year-on-year + 47 per cent), which together account for 68 per cent of income. Companies continued to build up solid assets in 19 years, raising assets and credit impairments throughout the year.
The decline in profit ends is mainly due to higher financial costs and higher impairments from exchange losses. Profitability has improved and business cash flow innovation has been high. (1) The corporate combined Māori ratio was 17.45 per cent in 19 compared to 0.76 pt, sales/management/finance/research and development
The net interest rate was 6.16 per cent, compared to 1.53 pct. In 19 years, the firm increased its repayments, with a net operating cash flow of $5.13 billion (compared with +55.21 per cent), a record high. (2) The Māori ratio of 20q1 was 18.31 per cent.
So far, the parent company, Xu, has completed the audit assessment, and the next step will be to introduce strategic investors. The MMP has nearly doubled its limited replenishment and reduced the share of state holdings from 100% to no less than 100% full of the capital stock.
34%. When the mix is completed, the group will then dispose of the assets, make up all the mechanical assets limited to Xu, and the future parent company’s high-quality assets, such as excavators, miners, concrete machines, etc., are expected to be injected into the market.
By 2020, the Ministry of Finance had issued $1.29 trillion in debt in advance, and by the end of q1 the country had released 1.08 billion yuan, the same year + 63 per cent, with a significant increase in the proportion invested in the capital sector.
We expect increased market competition in 20 years in the excavator/ crane/concrete machinery industry; less than expected improvement; and continued deterioration of the overseas epidemic.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.