Increased asset quality, limited mix of Xu workers and positive push: company annual reports 2019 and quarterly reports 2019, company revenue realization 2019, year-round performance is largely in line with expectations, operating cash flows at record levels in 2019:
In 2019, the company achieved income of 59,176 million yuan, an increase of 33.25 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 36.21 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 76.98 per cent in the same year, and performance close to the lower forecast limit, which is largely in line with the city’s expectations.
The net operating cash flow is 51.36, Xu's annual report (000425) forecast performance.
Total growth of the line, high-quality capital of the fast-moving group Counting asset and credit impairment losses of 323 million, which is a significant increase over the same period in the previous year; net profit rate with high performance and expected high-speed assets
Xu Xu's limited mix is actively moving forward, and the parent company is growing together: in early April 2020, the company disclosed that the controlling shareholder Xu's limited audit evaluation was completed, and that the next step would be to actively pursue the introduction of strategic investors and further improve Xu's governance and management.
The unit and the career manager are selected for work such as the hiring program.
41.1 per cent of the new miner base is operational, with 1.5 billion orders in the last quarter alone, joining the top five manufacturers of global open-air mining and mining operations; tower revenues out of 3 billion, stabilizing the second largest in the country; and two Svein concrete operations of 10 billion in size, with the parent company under the flag working with listed companies.
Pro-Certificate Code: Countercyclical policy is increasing and benefiting industries are improving: a quarterly epidemic is increasing the quality of real assets, and Xu's limited mix is actively advancing.
On April 17, the Central Bureau of Political Affairs of the Communist Party of China (CPC) at its meeting stated that the impact of the epidemic would be more robust and that active fiscal policy would have to be more active.
By the end of the first quarter, the country had issued an additional $108.29 billion in special debt, issued much ahead of schedule, and invested capital in infrastructure.
With a high proportion of capital investment, the company will continue to benefit from the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry, increasing the quality of its assets, and Xu Xu's limited mix of research and research in the industry, specializing in industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related modules.
Eight years before entering the financial sector, there was a lot of business experience, a lot of production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles. Heart, July 2017, joined Pacific securities, and managed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
The Center, which joined the Pacific in July 2019 to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, has been based at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report