Before the company could embark on a new step in its development, the company issued an announcement on the progress of the change in the mixed ownership of shareholders: the current limited mixed ownership reform of Xu.
The company has now completed audits, assessments, etc., and will be actively engaged in the process of introducing strategic investors from Xu's limited size. The next step will be to further improve Xu's governance, employee ownership, and job manager recruitment programmes.
The mix is beginning to take a substantial step, and corporate management is expected to have no more than 49% of total equity, and the share of the Xu Workers Group is no less than 34%.
Starting with a substantial step forward, 19 years have also been marked by a substantial reduction in historical baggage, further consolidation of corporate assets, and, with the completion of the mix-up, the company’s level of operation, management efficiency, market expansion, and profitability will improve in all respects, and Xu’s next development is expected to leapfrog. Next, in March, the stock of excavators will be sold, the company’s market share will increase significantly, and the vehicle cranes will perform better than the industry.
According to industry research, the stock of excavators in March was limited and the share of the market increased significantly under both the high base and the impact of the epidemic. According to industry research, under both the high base and the impact of the epidemic, the volume of excavators increased significantly in March. Under both the high base and the impact of the epidemic, the volume of excavators increased by more than 11 per cent in March, the volume of excavators did not rise by 11 per cent as compared to the expected decline in the market in the beginning of the month, and the volume of the recovery in the industry rose to about 17 per cent above the level of the same period last year’s year’s demand, and the cumulative volume of the excavator rose by about 1.1 per cent in January-March, while the rate of the main plant’s equipment was maintained at a very high rate.
As a result of a very high number of cases in March, the purchase of machinery for the Royal Machine has also been on the rise, and the rate of start-up has remained high. As a result of this year’s very high number of cases in March, which led to a partial demand for the second quarter of the year, cars are expected to grow by more than 10 per cent over the same period, and as a result of subsequent capital investment, they will continue to maintain their high demand, and the monthly turnover of vehicles in February this year will be lower than last year’s, taking into account base factors, and the expected global shutdown rate will not exceed two months. Based on the overall increase in public companies’ demand for industry and output, which will begin to affect companies with limited global shocks on multi-product lines, the short-term decline in demand to cover overseas markets will be better.
Given the major sales of the company’s main products in 19 and first quarter of 20 years, we have adjusted the company’s 2019-2021 global epidemic control rate to the expected rate, downstream recovery to the expected rate, increased industry competition, and investment in infrastructure and real estate.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.