Xu Engineering and Mechanics, the three main mainframe departments, led the drive to become a corporate hybrid year in 2020, and the company achieved business income of 59.18 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 33.3 per cent, and a net profit of 3.62 billion yuan to the mother, an increase of the same.
In 2020q1, operating income was 13.85 billion yuan, a 4.0 per cent decline in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 610 million yuan for the mother, a 42.0 per cent decrease in the same year, a net profit of 560 million yuan for the non-mother, a 40.6 per cent decrease in the same year, and a net cash flow of 120 million yuan, a 13.8 per cent increase in the same year. The three main mainframe departments led the whole-line drive, with 19 years of expected performance and a sharp fall in profits of 20q1 mainly due to loss in exchange and large sums. In 2019, the three main aircraft departments of the company managed full-line operations, with weight liftings, shovels, and stumps, respectively.
19.7 per cent, or 2.2 pct, 0.7 pct, 0.1 pct, respectively, for mobile cranes, which continue to be the world ' s first-ever leader, with over 45 per cent of the domestic market share of cranes with over 500 tons of mounted cranes, a significant increase in the domestic market share of over 10 pct, an increase in the market share of loaders by 2.4 pct, the full-line power of the three main mainframe markets and a varying increase in the market share of products, such as ballasts, standers, flat-grounds, etc., over 19 years of performance, and further consolidation of the new head position;
The sharp fall in profits of 20q1 is expected to be mainly due to loss on exchange and large sums, and the booming business plate has also been active for 19 years, with tunnels being the first in the industry, high-altitude platforms further narrowing the gap with industry leaders, with sales increasing by 46 per cent on a year-on-year basis and more than $1.1 billion in revenue, with arm-type high-altitude platforms remaining the highest in the country.
The indicators are at an all-time high; the expansion of overseas markets is continuing, and sanitation machinery is entering the country. The 2020q1 company core products and emerging business plates continue to function, with a small drop in the end of the epidemic, which is significantly better than the industry average, and a larger drop in profits is mainly due to over $300 million.
Internationalization is expected to help companies start a new round of growth; in 2020, losses on impairments and large fluctuations in exchange rates in emerging countries are expected to result in a significant increase in exchange losses. Rates will become a year of mixing, and subsequent high-quality assets are expected to be injected into the public domain.
Continue to promote high-quality development in a comprehensive manner, with key business indicators at an all-time high. In 2019, the company continued to strengthen its mitigation efficiency, with a continuous downswing in cost rates of 9.9 per cent throughout the year and a decrease of 0.9 pct over the year, with sales costs, management costs, R & D rates, financial costs of 4.8 per cent, 1.5 per cent, 3.6 per cent, and 0.02 per cent respectively, respectively, with a sharp increase in cost rates of 2.3 pct to 2.5 per cent over the same period, with an overall increase in cost rates of 12.5 per cent. In 2019, the company ' s Māori rate was 17.5 per cent over the year, with an increase in net interest rate of 0.8 pc over the same year, with an increase in net interest rate of 6.2 per cent, and a further increase in the company ' s profitability by 1.5 pc over the same year.
Upgraded, the Māori ratio of 2020q1 was further increased to 18.3%, with 1.6 pct on a year-on-year basis, and the company’s profitability is expected to increase further as product structure is optimized, scale effects and core product crane prices are expected to rise. In 2019, the Public Administration operated a net cash flow of $5.14 billion, a further record high, with a single quarter of impact but a net cash flow from the company’s operations still running.
In addition, other business indicators, such as the company’s operating quality, asset efficiency, and default rates, are generally good, and the quality of its assets is becoming stronger. By expanding overseas markets, internationalization is expected to help companies start a new round of growth.
The strategic layout of the market, Xu's Brazilian Industrial Park, the accelerated construction of the Indian Excavator Production Base under the flag of the parent company, the multi-valued high-end cranes have also been recognized in the high-end overseas market, with overseas revenues of 7.44 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 26.3 per cent, a Māori increase of 19.9 per cent and a corresponding increase of 0.9 ptt, an increase in revenue at a leading industry level, Xu's brand exports and total self-exports.
In addition, the two-tier industry, where the engineering cranes, loaders, rollers, flat-grounders, mine excavators, etc. are the first to maintain the industry, with towers, concrete mixers, excavators and excavators growing by 40 per cent, 80 per cent, 90 per cent, respectively, and a full increase in market shares in Africa, Asia and the Pacific, and Central Asia, among others, and internationalization will gradually become a central driver of corporate growth.
By April 7, the company had completed the audit, evaluation, etc., and will be followed by strategic investors, employee holdings and hiring of career managers. It is expected that the process will be completed by the end of the year, and that by 2020 it will be the year of the company's transformation, and that the management of the subsequent company will be in charge of its operations.
There are also high-quality assets outside the listed company system, such as excavators, concrete machines, etc. Excavators have sold more than 11,000 units in 2020q1, a 16% increase in the same year, market shares have increased significantly, and stay in the top 2nd class of the domestic industry, concrete machines have grown at a rate of 10 billion in 2019, and tower companies have generated revenues of over $3 billion in sales.
Corporate development is expected to make a qualitative leap forward through the mix and subsequent injection of high-quality assets. Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and investment in infrastructure and real estate is not as fast as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.