High performance growth, driven by innovation, continued upwards, mid-2024.
Incidents: On 28 August 2024, the company published its semi-annual report, and the company became operational by 28.24 per cent in the first half of 2024. Single q2 achieved operating income of $5.608 billion, an increase of 8.66 per cent compared to the previous year; the company continued to optimize the structure of its liquid products, raise the market share and save on sales costs.
The Division realized sales revenue of $4.667 billion, a 7.15 per cent decrease in the same year; sales of 2,161 million bottles/bags, a 0.26 per cent increase in the same year.
Price adjustments have led to a decline in overall sales revenue, while companies have increased the quality of their operations by spending on high-fiscal compression costs. In addition, companies have continued the process of substituting closed liquid products, which rose by 3.11 percentage points in the first half of the year, further optimizing the marketing structure of the fluid products.
: Sunyivj@chinastock.com.cn to date, seven products have been released and several varieties are under study.
(b) In the second half of the year, the company will continue its national collection and renewal efforts and will continue to expand the coverage of medical terminals.
Non-infusion drugs are based on the advantages of the collection, which strengthens the product cluster. In the first half of the year, non-infusion drugs generated 2.02 billion yuan, an increase of 6.38 per cent. In the first half of the year, the plastic water needle business sold 390 million pieces, an increase of 18.97 per cent, mainly based on the concentrated products of ammonium hydrochloride, combustine choline, grapes.
calcium sugar. The sales of head thorium needles increased by 6.13 per cent from the same year and benefited mainly from the growth of head thugs and head thugs in the collection area, the same increase in the sales of various products, such as red meth tablets, phosphate octave capsules, and acheloves. In the male field, hydrochloric acids increased faster than in the same year.
Sydin, the only global drug approved for men with early ejaculation adaptive treatment, increased sales earnings in the first half of the year compared to the same period in the previous year, despite the effects of a combination of reduced prices and increased competition in the market. In addition, non-sale sales in the male saline area increased by 76.44 per cent over the same period; in the western part of the country.
The price of the primary products of the feedstock intermediates has risen, and the profit margin for the reduction of efficiency gains has increased markedly. In the first half of this year, the company’s antibiotic intermediates and raw materials earned $3,273 million in operating income, an increase of 38.09%.
Thanks to the increased demand in the market for antibiotics intermediates and the increased production of corporate production processes, the value of the main products of the public administration has risen considerably. The Tianjin biosulfide sulphate has generated an operating income of 932 million yuan, an increase of 28.00 per cent over the same period; and the head sulf intermediate has generated an operating income of 750 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
The commercialization of innovative products is on the rise, and cooperation with Mercado has progressed steadily. Colombote’s operating income is 1.38 billion yuan, an increase of 32.2% over the same period, mainly from licensing and cooperation agreements; Māori 1.08 billion yuan, and the progress of the Colombote pipeline, which is expected to be marketed in China in the second half of 2024 or the first half of 2025.
Colombote plans to form a full-fledged business transformation team in China, which is expected to expand to 400-500 by the end of 2024, focusing on level-III hospitals and leading doctors in China’s vast local market. Globally, Colombo continues to pursue a flexible strategy to reach China.
Through the creation of synergies and opportunities for cooperation on a global scale and the acquisition of commercial value on major international markets, investment proposals: steady growth of corporate fluid plates, price increases for raw materials and intermediates, continued progress on the Colon Botaire pipeline, and we expect the company to return to its net profit in 2024-2026.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Qian Bei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical testing + research experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate research is intensive. Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.