24H1 has maintained high growth and the development of affiliates has been dynamic. On 29 August 2024, the Collon Pharmaceuticals industry issued a mid-term performance report for 2024, covering the reporting period of billions of yuan, or +28.24 per cent; the deduction of non-repatriated net profit of 1.753 billion yuan, or +29.78 per cent.
* Cost optimization continues to show, with the trend of growth in R & D inputs consolidated. Company prices compared to the trend of 300 deep, as compared to -25.82%. Overall costs have continued to fall.
During the first half of 2024, the company realized sales revenue of $4.667 billion, compared to the previous year, but some of the finals were affected by the purchase of the price of the basic fluid belt, resulting in overall sales.
Companies respond positively to policy changes, insist on pre-accession, actively participate in national and local collections, and contribute to higher levels of release of priority products and market coverage of major products. Companies continue to promote safe, closed, alternative semi-closed, semi-closed, and close, pilgrim.
In the first half of the year, the company earned 3,273 million dollars in operating income from antibiotic intermediates and raw materials.
Production process upgrades lead to higher yields and higher prices for the company’s main products.
The sorghum intermediate has achieved operating income of 750 million yuan, an increase of 42.70 per cent over the same period; the penicillin 2. [Waan’s Medicines] company’s spot evaluation of the Colon Pharmaceuticals industry has achieved operating income of 1.301 billion yuan, an increase of 33.24 per cent over the same period.
002422: 23q3 Refusal operations remain stable, cost decreases due to improved production processes, the head sorghum market warms, sales earnings and profits increase by the same amount, 3.
Colombote opens a new era of commercialization and continues to export new adc molecules (002422.sz): 23fy three drivers of innovation.
The nda phase, which is about to enter the important phase of the transition of R & D biotech to commercial Bíopharma. The company’s core products sac-tmt (Jatelle), a166 (Shutele) and its main products a167 (Kotele), a140 (Datelle) will continue in China.
Based on this, the company actively formed a commercial team, built itself into a comprehensive structure based on mainland China, and built on the advantages of the overseas and globalized operation of Tommershadong, paving the way for growth as an innovative drug enterprise for globalization.
During the reporting period, the subsidiary received a milestone payment of $90 million from Mercado for multiple cooperation lines, and its new double-resistance skb571 was declared exclusive by Mercantón, which again expanded the scope of cooperation.
In the pre-clinical pdx and crab-eating monkey models, which mainly target a variety of physical tumours such as lung cancer, digestive tract tumours, good anti-cancer effects and safety are shown, and the subsidiary will deliver the product ' s ind application in the near future.
Risks of changes in industrial policies; less advanced R & D than expected; less-than-expected access to the therapeutic industry, level I market investments and secondary market research experience; use of information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.