Colum Pharmacy (002422); fast growth in raw materials, reported reasons: performance rating 5608 million yuan, 8.66 per cent increase in business income, $774 million net profit for mothers, 31.33 per cent increase in non-return
Infusion product structure continues to be optimized, and non-infusion formulations have an advantage in the cluster of enhanced products. In the 2024h1 company ' s collection of bulk fluids, the final price has declined. In the reporting period, the company continued to optimize the structure of the fluids, with a ratio of 2024h1 closed fluids to higher volumes. In the sustained optimized product structure and product release, a steady increase in the company ' s performance is expected throughout the year.
Sales revenues of $2.02 billion, an increase of 6.38 per cent over the same period; companies continuously strengthen their product clusters, expanding their coverage through clustering, and steadily increasing sales of products in areas such as anti-infection, central nervous, endocrine metabolism, and men’s studies. We expect that generic pharmaceutical operations will continue to grow well throughout the year as stocks continue to be released and new approved products are sold.
The raw material intermediates are growing rapidly, and synthetic biology products are gradually being realized. 2024h1 company antibiotics intermediates and raw materials produce an income of 3,273 million yuan, an increase of 38.09 per cent over the same period, of which 932 million yuan (+28.00 per cent) is sulphatic cyanide, and there is an increase in demand in the market for penicillin antibiotics intermediates and an increase in company production, with a rise in the price of major products.
Synthetic biology products have reached the stage of marketing, with 5-hydroxyhexyl amino acid and methanol being tested, and are expected to contribute to the increase in revenue. Cooperation income continues to materialize, and innovative products are being commercialized.
32.2% increase; mainly from the skb264 milestone payment and part of the pre-clinical adc asset down payment. Based on the progress of the company's innovation drug research and development pipeline, four innovative varieties are expected to be marketed over the next year: skb264 treatment local late/transferable tnbc; a166 for 3l+her2+bc; a167-line treatment for nose and throat cancer; and a140 treatment for Rasno.
At the overseas level, 10 global clinical studies have been carried out to date in Mercado, covering Nsclc, endome, breast, stomach cancer, etc. Innovative medicines are gradually entering the harvest and will contribute more in the future.
Rapid growth of medicines and continued delivery of innovative medicines - Investment proposals: rapid growth of corporate performance, continued optimization of the structure of large infusion products, continued release of non-infusion formulations, risk of volatility of raw materials medicines; and risk reduction of market infusion demand.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.