Colum Pharmacy's semi-annual performance in 2024: Profits out of expectations, innovation drives long-term good events: Company 2024h1 collects $11.83 billion (plus 10 per cent, lower), parent net profit
1.80 billion yuan (+28 per cent) is deducted from the parent ' s net profit of 1.75 billion yuan (+30 per cent). Of this amount, 24q2 Battalions, 760 million yuan (+36 per cent). The profit growth is over-expected, and the company ' s multi-platform co-optimal performance looks good for the year ' s full-time performance: 1) the expansion of the fluid market and the optimization of the product structure, resulting in a double increase in income and profits;2
(c) Active promotion of the “innovation-driven” strategy, with the prospect of a double income and profit gain from the voyage out of Colombo.
Recovering the treatment of the infusion has led to a recovery increase in the benefits of the tap; companies have expanded their market share and continued to optimize the product structure by increasing the income ratio of high-value nutrients and closed, high-end packages (pollic double-room bags, three-room bags, etc.).
This should be done in a way that allows for the “light-footing” of new products to be used in a combination of multi-disease, high-end agent technology, which is highly dynamic and dynamic. 3) Kawaning organisms: 6-apa, 7-acca price recovery, synthetic biology gradually falling into the surface product matrix, contributing to the increase in performance.
▪ Innovation continues to be realized, with Colombo and Mercado advancing clinicalally efficiently: 1) Moshalton Deep Together, we expect a milestone income to continue in the future; 2) k Drugs have been approved for 30+ adaptive conditions globally, 24h1 sold $14.2 billion, and key patents are expected to expire in 2028.
Quarterly review: thick, thin hair, sustained innovation, fast-tracking ten global three studies of skb264, and this year Esmo is expected to read her 2adc, which is expected to be the country's first national product for her 2-positive breast cancer.
Addc, 25 years of domestic listing of 4 products; 4) Early research: nuclear drugs, dual resistance adc, Cullen Pharmacy (002422): 2022 performance forecast double payloadadc, non-oncology adc progressive clinical advancement.
A little over-performance, adc+msd with certainty and catalysts. Three major industries are robust, innovation is efficient, catalysts are rich, and first-time “buy-in” is given.
The three major financial forecasting tables for the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry The East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.