High performance growth, with expected innovation falling to 1,827 million yuan, an increase of 9.52 per cent from the previous year, net profit return to the mother of $1.80 billion, an increase in the same year, the continued optimization of the structure of the liquid product, and the expectation that the new product + clustering would drive performance growth.
The main reason for the decline is based on the impact of the purchase price of the fluid volume, with the company adjusting the terminal price of part of the liquid product. 24H1 closed fluid volume as a percentage of the 3.11 pct increase.
Looking forward to the second half of the year, the q4 seasonal factor is expected to lead to higher demand for bulk fluids, and the continued release of the products from the national negotiations is expected to lead to higher performance. The result of the sale of non-infusion drugs is a significant reduction in the intermediates of raw materials, and synthetic biology is in the realization period.
Process optimization, energy savings, company cost advantages are emerging, while demand from beneficiary markets is increasing, and total equity/flow (billion shares) of the company’s main products have risen substantially.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is $3.273 billion, an increase of 38.09 per cent. Of this amount, thiomeric cyanide generated operating income of $932 million, an increase of 28.00 per cent, and the thorium intermediate generated operating income of $750 million, the same amount.
This represents an increase of 42.70 per cent; the Cylin intermediate has achieved business income of $1.301 billion, a rise of the same amount; several products, such as acids, wheat horns and Icdoine, have entered the production and marketing stages, and new products are expected to continue with slightly higher than expected < <q2 performance, with three driving performances
< < < 3-driven accelerated transformation of differentials towards creation > > - 2024-08-12 - promising to become the first country to market trop2adc, 3l+tnbc single drug treatment with significant efficacy and promising new stages of growth. > > - 2024-08-12
Approved in 2024; best-in- >--2021-03- batch of end-of-life monotherapies available for 2l+hr+/her2-bc adaptations. 3) Consistency layouts through neoplasms + self-exempt, a166 (pd-l1), Sidorzel
It is expected to be marketed in 2024-2025, a400 (ret inhibitor) is expected to declare industrial policy risks in 2024: less than expected drug development and listing; less than expected product sales; increased risks of competition; and environmental risks.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report