Six months after the review: Traditional business continues to be good, and the technology section is worth noting that China's net gain in the first half of the year was between 68.1 and 97.7 billion dollars, of which income tax is back to $10.4 billion, and we're on top of it.
The company’s life insurance policy is more focused on secure products and optimizes agent channels to achieve a new business value that is growing. The company’s financial risk is driven by non-car risk, which increases faster, stable cost rates, and marginal improvements. It benefits from good equity markets, and the Peace Group’s investment performance is good. We recommend investing.
The company’s current valuation is at a reasonable level, and we continue to make proposals for investment with “buy-in.” The net gain of the first half of the year is nearly 70%: China’s six-monthly report is safe, and the net profit of $1h2019 is 97.7 billion.
Youy increased by 68.1%, 10.4 billion of which was reflected in the 2019 reduction in income tax in 2018, which is basically in line with our previous estimates. If this factor is removed, the net gain in the first half of the year will increase by 50%, the value of the new business will increase and the agent value will be more powerful.
As a result of the increased focus of life insurance companies since this year, new business values have reached higher levels than in the same period last year. On the other hand, ih2019 has a new business value of 44.7%, yoy has increased by 5.7 pct, and promotes a positive 4.7% growth in new business values.
The average number of agents amounted to 1.24 million in the month of 2019, a drop of 5.5% for yoy, although the agent channel had an increase of 8.5% in the value of its new business per person, reflecting an increase in the agent’s value creation capacity. Non-car insurance increased faster and cost margins improved.
13.5 billion, or 9.7 per cent, of the increase in vehicle insurance, 9.0 per cent, and non-car insurance, 11.6 per cent, are cost-related, although in the context of combined reporting, there has been a decrease in corporate costs: 1h2019 costs have been 37.4 per cent and yoy has been reduced by 1.0 pct, although there has been an increase in payment rates in the first half of the year, with 59.2 per cent recorded.
The cost of security insurance is a marginal improvement of 97.0%, compared with 10,2019. Against the backdrop of an overall positive trend, the return on total investment has also increased.
Non-insurable business can do well. In non-insurable business, there are a lot of interesting performances, such as the unanticipated growth in net profits of the Bank of Peace, and the positive results of the retail transition; the Financial Interbank as a platform for financial and technological services, with a cumulative number of 3707 co-operative clients (615 banks, 81 insurance companies, others).
Class 3011: 62.7 million active users of safe doctors, nearly 30 per cent increase in Yoy; Safe Health Insurance Technology has provided more than 200 municipal health-care authorities with intensive health-care management services, covering over 800 million participants; Automotive Homes averaged 37.8 million users per day and Yoy nearly 5 per cent per day.
In the non-insured business, we see a growing body of technology in the Peace Group, which is expected to explode in the future. As companies become involved in and apply technology, they can also play a role in traditional finance. For example, Peace currently uses an i for interviewing agents. High.
Simultaneous robots askbob provide sales support to agents, use exhibition assistants and single robots to improve the efficiency of production risk operations, etc.
This includes an increase of 11.0 per cent to 1.1 trillion in value of 1h2019 compared to the beginning of the year, mainly due to the increase in the value of the new business, better operating experience than assumed, and a better return on investment than assumed. In terms of the net asset rate of return, the expected compensation (expected return; er) is given as follows:
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may have used or recommended any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the data or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
@. The report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.