On August 15, 2019, China released its semi-annual performance report. Companies realized operating income in the first half of the year.
63.2 billion yuan, an increase of 19.2 per cent in the same year; net return on maternity $97,680 million, an increase of 68.1 per cent in the same year; non-recurring gains and losses per share of dividends + investment returns contributed to higher performance, which was in line with expectations; net profit on maternity in the first half of the year continued to grow at a high rate and higher performance was in line with expectations.
The main contributions are: first, the tax benefits are being realized. The non-current gains and losses projects are moving towards net profits, and the statement shows that the positive impact of the one-time tax adjustment on net profits in the current period is $10,453 million, excluding the effects and returning to the home company's net profits are 50.6 per cent on the same basis, while the stock market performed well in the first half of the year, with the company achieving investment in the first half.
Liabilities: The new business value of life insurance is growing, the profits of production insurance are improving \triangleright life insurance, and the company achieved a new business value of $41.05 billion in the first half of the year, a 4.7 per cent increase in the same year.
As a result of the improved product structure of life insurance, the rate of new business values increased by 5.7 percentage points to 44.7 per cent over the same period last year.
At the end of the investment spectrum: market warming and improved return on investment \triangleright corporate insurance portfolio in the first half of the year reached $2.96 trillion, an increase of 5.8 per cent over the same period last year.
The life insurance transition has been remarkable, with a marked increase in the value of the new business, and expects a team of corporate agents to improve their quality after the redundancies have been eliminated. The investment end is configured in a robust manner and market conditions are captured.
Profit, premium structure optimized nbv 2. China Peace (601318): Lead Integrated Financial Services Group, with steady and steady increases in value
The company's financial statement projections are summarized in Chen Xiang, a post-Doctor of Business Law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a post-Doctor of Finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy studies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.