Optimization, investment-end lifting and tax-reducing dividends to urge China to make peace.
China reported safely in mid-2019 that during the reporting period business income was 63,955 million yuan, an increase of 19.2 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity was 97,676 million yuan, an increase of 68.1 per cent over the same period; and profit on mother operations was 73,464 million yuan, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the end of the period.
The main reason for the positive news is that the net profit from the return to the mother has increased by 68.1 per cent and that the cores have exceeded market expectations by five points:
Second-tier markets improved in the first half of the year, equity debt performed well, corporate insurance funds led to a sharp increase of 94.5 per cent in investment returns.
4. A robust increase in profits from banking, trust, securities, leasing, etc.;
China’s safety (601318): optimal insurance policy structure, investment-end uplifting and tax-reducing dividends are being catalyzed.
In terms of life insurance, the company ' s 19-open-door phase has made a major effort to transform the value of the risk structure, rapidly increasing the proportion of high-value long-term guaranteed products in life-risk operations, continuously optimizing the business structure, with a new business value rate of 44.7 per cent, or 5.7 percentage points higher than the corresponding rate. In terms of insurance premiums, the combined cost is 96.6 per cent lower by 5.2 per cent and in the case of the new scale, which is still significantly higher than the industry average, despite an increase of 0.8 percentage points.
A 1.8 percentage point increase in the same year; a 37.4 percentage point decrease in the same year's cost of 1.0 percentage points. The combined cost of car insurance is 97.7%, which is better than that of industry. Non-car insurance premiums are 29.2%, higher than that of industry, and are a major reason why the combined cost of treasury operations is consistently lower than that of industry. On the investment side, the total return on investment, driven by the warmth of the market, was $10,5.9 billion, an increase of 94.5%.
On the banking side, the safe banking sector has managed well, achieving a net profit of $15,403 million, an increase of 15.2 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of an increase in the net interest margin (0.36 pct) and an increase in non-interest income (22.1 per cent). The negative rate of 1.68 per cent, a decrease of 0.07 percentage points over the same period.
In the case of science and technology operations, the company’s total revenue for science and technology business during the reporting period was $38,431 million, an increase of 33.6% over the same period. Although the size of the assets of the company fell slightly (-0.5%) as a result of the transformation of the business, the structure optimized the overall risk and the medium- and long-term benefits of business development.
China is safe as a leader in domestic insurance, and with the high integration of financial and technological elements, the efficiency of operations has been increasing in recent years, the synergies of operations have been significant, leading to a rapid increase in revenue earnings, and the advantages of industry have been further demonstrated. The steady pace of the health-care transition, the scale of financial and technological operations and the rapid increase in profits have continued to boost the company’s valuation.
For the future, performance growth and valuation are expected to continue to be higher than the industry average. The company ' s net return profit is expected to be $159,212 million in 2019-2021, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, and the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports "Safe in China" (601318): "Safe in insurance policy configuration, investment end booster and tax bonus catalyzing.
B.A., Wuhan University, Master of Science, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, and two years of banking experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Non-Golden Financial Industry in 2015 and fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Non-Golden Finance Industry in 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.