Company review — non-bank finance industry Nbvm continued to rise on 19 August 2019, tax cuts and improvements in performance
Peace China (601318.sh) Wuping issued its semi-annual financial report for 2019.
1) Benefiting from tax cuts + investment returns, net profits increased by nearly 70 per cent over the same period.
Increased investment returns and higher net corporate returns. 2) Life and health insurance nbv is growing robustly, business structure is driving up high rates of new business value, business structure is improving, nbvm is high, and nbv is growing. 2019h1, company life insurance and
Information for the preparation of the present report The value of the new operations for health insurance is $41,052 million, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same period; the premium for the new bill size is $101,258 million, or 5.7 percentage points. The company focuses on the sale of high-value, high-security products and continuously upgrades the innovation-guaranteed products.
In the case of guaranteed products, life insurance makes the primary heavy disease product into a more comprehensive package of guaranteed products; it introduces generic accidental return products that meet the needs of public customers in the accident insurance market; it designs the product for the exclusive use of older clients; it raises the level of security for older clients.
In the case of accumulators, life-saving insurance continues to increase the promotion of long-contribution operations to meet the needs of diversified clients. The product structure continues to optimize the growth in the value of new operations. 2019h1, the company ' s long-term guaranteed product 1 accounts for 31.12% of the total size premium, an increase of 4.05 percentage points in the same year; and the long-service guaranteed savings mix.
At the same time, the company has accelerated its efforts to promote the use of technology in the areas of staff growth, training, customer development, and the promotion of water management, attracting highly qualified people to join forces, thereby enabling it to develop its human resources in a qualitative manner.
(3) 69.5 per cent increase in operating profits for the safe production insurance, maintenance of profits at the insured end $2019h1, $130,466 million in revenue from the original insurance premium for the company ' s property insurance operations, 9.7 per cent increase in the same year, $31,928 million gain from the non-car insurance operations, 7.4 per cent increase in the same year: accident and health insurance coverage
Insurance revenues of $6.2 billion, an increase of 39.5 per cent over the same period. Thanks to the same increase in total investment returns driven by the continued warmth of capital markets, and lower rates of procedure, income tax revenues are reduced on the same basis, and safe production insurance is operating at a profit of $10.39 billion, an increase of 69.5 per cent over the same period.
The overall business quality of the safe delivery insurance has remained excellent, and the insured continues to be profitable. 209h1, the combined cost of safe production insurance is 96.6 per cent, consistently better than industry. 4) Benefiting from the warmth of the capital market, returns on investment have improved on a year-on-year basis.
Benefiting from the boom in capital markets, corporate investment returns have improved significantly. 219h1, companies receive an annualized percentage point of net investment; before the revision of the simulation guidelines, total annualized investment returns were 4.5 per cent, the same rate as in the previous period. (5) Safe Banks outperform expectations and net interest differentials have continued to grow.
The performance of the bank was slightly higher than expected. 209h1, the bank ' s net profit was $15,403 million, a 15.2% increase, a 2.62% increase in net interest, a 0.36 percentage point increase in the same year, and a 0.09 percentage point increase in the ring, which continued to expand. Retailing was moving forward, with the share of personal business rising.
The share of operating income and net profits was 56.9 per cent and 70.2 per cent, respectively, representing an increase of 5.7 percentage points and a significant improvement in quality. By the end of June 2019, the company ' s non-performing lending rate, interest loan ratios, overdue loans and 0.12 percentage points: provision coverage and loan coverage for more than 90 days were 182.53 per cent, respectively
Ninety-four per cent of the distance, a decrease of 3 percentage points from the beginning of the year. The Bank has increased the disposal of problematic assets, with the recovery of poor assets totalling 13.752 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 11.6 per cent in the same year.
On 30 June, the value of science and technology companies amounted to $70 billion. Under the strategic plan “Financial + Technology” and “Financial + Ecology”, the focus on innovation and innovation has been placed on both large financial assets and large health-care industries.
In-depth application to traditional finance and the five eco-circles of Financial Services, Health Care, Automobile Services, Real Estate Services, City of Wisdom. As of the end of June 2019, the number of registered users of the Institute's platform amounted to 42.74 million, and 27 institutions in various countries or regions provided services or contracted to cooperate: a safe doctor with operating income of 2019h1
Health and well-being management services are widely available for more than 289 million registered users.
By the end of June 2019, the number of corporate technology patent applications was 18,050, leading the international financial institutions, of which the number of pct and offshore patent applications was 3.959.
Corporate core management teams are excellent, consistently high scores, and corporate governance is excellent. Companies actively embrace finance technology, leading business change with technology, good business quality, and robust value growth. We keep looking at the future of the Division, maintaining a “recommended” rating, with a projected value per share for 2019-2021.
The risk of moving down the long-end interest rate curve and the risk of sales of insurance products being lower than expected.