Liao morning Kay, a more competitive insurance group, has performed better than their colleagues, and investment is on the verge of a marginal slowdown.
The implementation of the New Deal is expected to increase net profits further. Since June, China’s safe buyback plan has been tight. Companies are more prominent among their counterparts in science and technology, and they are confident that they can play a role in traditional financial operations as they continue to invest and apply in technology.
The price corresponds to 1.3 x in 2019, and the valuation is at a reasonable level, and we continue to advise on the investment with “buy-in” in view of the competitiveness and growth of the company.
Sooner or later than most of our colleagues (4.7 per cent in May, 5.4 per cent in the previous month, 5.6 per cent in the previous month, and 9.5 per cent in Xinhua). Peace revealed new and more detailed data to investors in monthly premium data.
The monthly premium confirms this trend, and we expect that the follow-up will continue to improve. Life insurance has a better proxy training mechanism, with a higher per capita capacity, and we expect that the follow-up will remain relative, with non-car insurance as the main driving force (a 10.0% increase in non-car insurance in the previous May).
In the context of the lower base period, the investment end pressure is expected to be low. The current trend of marginal slowdowns in the security of letters at the regulatory level has led to a corresponding increase in co-operative trust companies by cooperating with trust companies to demand a relaxation from “not subject to administrative sanctions for the last three years” to “not subject to significant administrative sanctions for the last year”.
In addition, management is considering easing the ceiling on the equity assets of the venture capital (currently at a maximum of 30 per cent, according to the IMSS share of equity assets as of May, 22.6 per cent) and investing rights of the venture capital.
The Ministry of Finance issued a bulletin on 29 May on pre-tax deductions for insurance companies’ fees and commissions.
With the exception of a significant increase, life insurance was raised from 10 to 18 per cent, and financial insurance from 15 to 18 per cent; and the fee exceeded the limit and allowed to be carried forward for subsequent years. On the basis of our calculations, China ' s financial data for 2018 were calculated on the basis of a healthy 2018, increasing profits by 11 per cent for the year.
Repurchase plans are still in progress. The 10 billion buyback plan is still on its way, starting on June 18th.
The buy-back program highlights the firm’s management’s confidence in the company’s future development, as well as in the technology module. The Peace Group’s technology plate is growing, and it is expected to break out in the future: the shares currently held by Land Gold, the safe doctors, the clean finance system, and the safe health care technology.
There are many projects that companies are incubating, believing that the future will make a significant contribution to the group. We believe that, as companies continue to invest and apply in science and technology, they can also play a role in traditional finance.
Investment proposals: Safe insurance continues to maintain a more competitive market and, thanks to the advantages of the group, the business is growing rapidly, increasing the input and application of science and technology. We look forward to the future of the company in terms of expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is compiled by the Group Credit Certificate (HKC) Ltd., and is based on the investment of the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated.
The company may have used or recommended any action prior to receipt of this report or based on the data or research in the report. The Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees are not liable for any loss or loss resulting from the use of this report.
@. The report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade the certificates mentioned in the report.