The rise of the world titanium giants, the global low-cost titanium sulphate, the domestic chlorinated titanium leadership.
Minimum/highest in a year: The company ' s titanium sulphate capacity (about 600,000 tons) is the world ' s number one, relying on the circular economy, and the company ' s sulphate titanium cost is less than the industry average of 2,000 yuan/tonne. The company introduces the technology of titanium in Germany.
Construction of 150,000 tons of titanium-rich materials, 60,000 tons of titanium chloride, 200,000 tons of titanium chlorination and 200,000 tons of titanium chloride, respectively, successfully mastering the whole process of titanium chloride production, with an existing capacity of 320,000 tons. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The global chlorination system, which requires about 3 million tons of titanium per year, has only 150,000 tons of production in the country, the titanium market has long been occupied by overseas companies, and we still need to import nearly 200,000 tons of high-end titanium chloride per year at a price higher than the sulphate product of 3,000-6,000 yuan per ton.
The value added of the product is high, and the company has been trying to break through the chlorinated titanium barrier for nearly three years, and has invested more than 1 billion people, developed more than 1,000 people, far more than the same industry, built solid technical walls, and built a base where the company's chlorinated titanium is expected to produce 600,000 tons in future, and also through chlorination and sulphuric acid.
The titanium-white coupling process will reduce the cost of titanium-chloride production and enter the long-term growth track. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Yes, and with the rebirth of the new 11,000 tons of sponge titanium and its future expansion, with many advantages such as energy and taxation in Yunnan, the contribution of the new profits will be far greater than expected; in conjunction with the Goldenkawa Group, the company will create a distinctive titanium industry with competitive advantages; and the company will integrate the high-quality titanium mine, both within and outside the sea, through extended and purchased.
Resources, with a potential titanium mineral capacity of about 400,000 tons, will provide full self-sufficiency of raw materials in the future. In keeping with the industrial idea of making “a deep titanium product, making a fine titanium derivative,” companies will gradually build the world titanium giants in the rise of titanium, covering the first time with a “strongly recommended” rating.
The company has succeeded in cutting into the 100 billion-grade titanium chloride market, expanding its capacity and adding value to its products, opening up long-term growth.
The label, which will continue to refine the titanium industry, will become a global titanium giant, with a strong edge in the cost of 600,000 tons of sulfur, and 800,000 tons of titanium concentrate. We expect the titanium dragon to continue to benefit from the industry landscape.
Recommended Ratings. As one of the oligarchs in the international chemical industry, we believe that the valuation level should be applied to wanhua chemistry (global mdi oligarchy), new and emerging (global vitamin oligarchy), based on net gain in 2020.
The market for titanium powder sulphate has little room for a fall in the market price, and we're different from the market's point of view.
We believe that the scarcity of high-grade titanium mines and the tightening of domestic environmental protection will push production costs up, and that prices are now close to the average cost line of the industry, combined with a stable pricing strategy by the international titanium powder giant (e.g., Cormew), which has a high probability of a small upward downward price.
2. The country’s attempts to break through the chlorination process have not worked well for many years, and there is disagreement about the company’s chlorination method, titanium powder technology. Indeed, the company has secured the supply of raw materials through titanium-rich projects, introduced the German titanium technology, built the first production line, absorbed the technology and then expanded it, and developed a clear path in recent years.
3. titanium powder has more than 500 models worldwide and the price of specialized products is 3000-6000 yuan per ton higher than the price of generic products, as domestic sulphate competition was previously concentrated on low-end generic models.
Markets are used to view the titanium powder industry from a cyclical perspective. As companies break through the production process, high-end markets will be opened up, customer certification barriers and product value added will increase significantly. 4. Companies will continue to enter the titanium derivatives industry, such as sponge titanium, titanium alloys, etc., by integrating both within and outside the country.
Mineral resources, growing to become world titanium giants, 1. Chloride titanium market, which is expected to produce more than 3 million tons per year, market space over 70 billion dollars, long occupied by overseas giants, company chlorochloride titanium production process, chlorination method titanium.
2. Extension and acquisition of high-quality mineral resources, both within and outside the country: the company has completed the acquisition of 15.66 per cent of its shareholdings in the Orient titanium industry, which has a planned capacity of about 400,000 tons of overseas titanium mines, while the Orientian industry can serve as a channel for future overseas acquisitions for companies
The whole industry chain layout provides a stable supply of raw materials 3. titanium, silicon materials, accelerated layout: the company's downstream acceleration of titanium, silicon material, strategic hope for titanium, and a new profit growth point for the company.
4. The price of titanium powder rises: the company’s sulphate production is the world’s number one, and in the future, if demand improves, titanium powder industry is up, corporate performance is up, corporate elastic, corporate performance is up, corporate success is in the 100 billion-grade chlorinated titanium market, output expands and add value to products, opening up long.
The company's development goal of making “deep titanium products and making fine titanium derivatives” will continue to be complete, and will become the global titanium industry, which now has 600,000 tons of titanium sulphate powder, 800,000 tons of titanium, with a significant cost advantage and a very high security margin. We expect the company's net profit for 2019-2021.
Disaggregated by one of the oligarchs in the industry, we believe that valuation levels should be based on the levels of wand chemistry (global mdi oligopoly), new and evolving chlorinated titanium and white markets, safety and environmental risks, falling product prices, corporate revenue history, detailed splits of projections.
The cost of corporate titanium sulphate is estimated to be approximately $8,300 per ton, and the cost of chlorination is now about $1,200 per ton higher than sulphuric acid, and the production of titanium sulphate is 55, 55, 600,000 tons, respectively, due to the balance of supply and demand in the titanium powder industry.
The average price for the white market was $15,500, $15,000 and 15,000 per ton of titanium chloride, which is expected to produce 8, 25 and 400,000 tons in 2019-2021, and the current price for chlorinated products is $1,500/ton higher than sulphuric acid, and we believe that as the product is added,
With the increase in the value, the difference between the price of the chlorinated titanium and the sulphate titanium in 2021 will be increased to $2,000/t in 2019, the volume of iron concentrate will increase to 4 million tons as a result of the sale of previous stocks, and future production will return to 3.3 million tons, with a flat price.
The company will expand the business of sponge titanium and titanium tetrachloride, which we expect to produce in 2020-2021 to 1,10,000 tons of sponge titanium, at a price of $80,000 per tonne, with a profit-making capacity similar to that of a company listed by its peers; and titanium tetrachloride, which is an intermediate product of titanium chloride, at a price of $8,000 per ton, with a production rate of 2019-2021, respectively.
The company has entrusted its business to the Oriental industry, and we expect to maintain a growth rate of about 10 per cent over the next three years. The price of titanium powder is a major factor affecting the company ' s profits, taking into account the elasticity of the price of titanium powder, which increases the market price by 1,000 yuan per ton, and the net gain of the company by about 600 million dollars.
1. Global titanium titanium sulphate, my country ' s titanium titanium chloride pioneer, formerly a carotid sulfur mine, established in 1955, re-established in 2001, renamed Henan Pali United Chemical Co. Ltd. in 2002, and placed on the market in 2011, the company has been focused on the titanium powder industry, 2016.
During the year, a total of 9 billion yuan worth of shares was acquired to consolidate the industry and complete the whole industry of titanium powder.
The company’s first shareholder, Mr. Xu Gang, is its chairman, Mr. Tan Ri-chung is its deputy chairman, Mr. Fan is its president, and management holds 38.83% of the total equity. The Yong-jung industry is the main wholly-owned subsidiary of mergers and acquisitions in 2016, and other subsidiaries include, among others, sales companies worldwide and some of the affiliates.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure and major subsidiaries. In 2019, the company acquired Yunnan Xinjiang, creating a national industrial layout of six major production bases in four provinces, with a combined capacity of about 600,000 tons of titanium powder sulphate, 320,000 tons of titanium powder chlorine chloride, and sponge titanium.
With 10,000 tons and 800,000 tons of titanium ore and 3.3 million tons of iron ore upstream, the annual growth in corporate titanium powder sales has led to a steady increase in revenue since the market, and, with the completion of the merger with the titanium industry in 2016, there has been a significant increase in the volume of company production, both in revenue and in net profits.
In terms of income, profit structure, titanium powder is the company’s main product, with revenues and profit contributions exceeding 80%.
With the completion of the technology change in 2014 to 200,000 tons of titanium sulphate, the growth in corporate titanium sulphate production, the completion in 2016 of the merger with Sichuan dragon acryllium, the firm ' s size has increased significantly and the volume of sulphate has risen to the highest level in the world, with a slight increase in the capacity of small-scale technologies to regenerate and the overall level of stability.
Since its listing, the company has been actively engaged in technical closings for the chlorinated titanium production process. In 2014, the company partnered with the German Titanium to build 60,000 tons of titanium chloride production line, which became operational by the end of 2015. The company currently produces nearly 50% of the total volume of titanium chloride production in the country.
New 200,000 tons of titanium chloride, the first of which was tested in mid-2019, and the second, which was also driven by the end of 2019, will continue to grow in the future, leading the country to the titanium chloride industry.
In terms of profitability, after the company's merger with the Sichuan dragon apes in 2017, it had a self-applied titanium mine, improved production skills, increased profitability, and despite the cyclical fluctuations in the titanium powder industry, the company's roe has remained above 15%. At the same time, the company has maintained a high score since 2017, and we expect the company to be able to score more than 15%.
Over the next two years, the cash share will remain above $2 billion a year.2 The titanium industry is at the bottom of the landscape, with a high probability of a small upward price down.
titanium powder, the main ingredient of titanium dioxide (tio2), is an important inorganic pigment with high chemical stability, heat resistance, tolerance, non-toxication, optimal opacity, best whiteness and lightness, good coloring and masking, considered to be the best white pigment in the world today and the most applied.
One of the most widely used inorganic paints, known as the king of white paints. In market value, it is the third most inorganic chemical after synthetic ammonia and phosphorus.
By crystal structure, titanium powder can be divided into gold-redstone, sharp titanium, and titanium, with plate titanium slashed, crystalline, unstable crystalline, with no application value. The titanium-like titanium is the most stable crystalline form of titanium dioxide, with a dense structure, with a high hardness, density, medium constant and radiation rate compared to the titanium type, which is currently the highest.
The most applied titanium powder type. titanium powder production process is divided mainly into sulphuric acid and chlorination, which is the application of titanium concentrate and concentrated sulfuric acid to acid. Hydrolytic production of titanium sulphate, hydrolytic production of titanium paralysing, followed by burning and shredding, resulting in titanium powder products, sulfur.
The acid method produces titanium titanium with sharp titanium powder, which is then processed and processed with titanium titanium. The chlorination method is a material containing titanium, which produces titanium tetrachloride by chlorinating high titanium slags, or by reacting with chlorine by artificial titanite, or by natural gold mites, which is purified and then oxidizes the gas; after rapid cooling, the gas is sequestered and obtained directly with titanite powder.
Upstream: titanium powder industry with prices influenced by supply and demand, titanium powder industry with less bargaining power, large titanium powder industry with its own titanium mine;
Downstream: downstream clients are dispersed and titanium powder enterprises have some bargaining power, and, according to the accounting period, titanium powder enterprises usually have a 20-40-day due period below the average in the chemical industry; Intra-industry competition: low-end products are dominated by price competition and high-end markets are dominated by product quality and supply stability
To be competitive, high-end markets have higher customer stickyness, new entrants: oligopolies have emerged internationally, and overseas firms have less capacity to add to their production, mainly to M & As. New domestic sulphate production capacity has been restricted, while some manufacturers have built new chlorination capacity, but small chlorination capacity.
There are fewer new entrants to the industry with a low level of technology Alternatives: Currently, there are no suitable alternatives to titanium powder.
2.2. The titanium price will support titanium powder in the provinces of Sichuan, where titanium-based titanium concentrates mainly on associated minerals, where titanium is of low quality and where, after selection, the typical titanium mine is dominated by 46% of the grade, and some of the low grade 2 mine
The titanium oxide content is only 38-40%, while the imported mineral content is more than 50%. As titanium impurities affect titanium production, it is difficult for the national mine to meet the requirements of chlorination and some of the high-end titanium powder production, while titanium is growing at a much slower rate than the development of our titanium powder industry, and we need to import large quantities of titanium concentrate. In 2018, for example, we have titanium.
The titanium powder is the main downstream titanium, which accounts for more than 90% of the total, and the remainder is used mainly for titanium or other titanium products. Depending on the geographical distribution of titanium and the associated iron ore, the volume of titanium is largely stable and difficult to reach in a short period of time.
The cost of titanium is close to 80% of the total cost of titanium powder, while the cost of long-range transport is extremely uneconomical, and the price of titanium powder has largely changed in recent years in tandem with titanium concentrate. Changes in the supply of titanium concentrate overseas will occur as a result of the country’s long-term import of titanium concentrates.
The titanium powder industry has had a major impact on our country. The Australian shabik mine ceased production in 2019, the Kenyan titanium mine has declined significantly as a result of the reduction in the origin of the mine, the replacement of the mining site, and globally, the supply of and demand for titanium concentrate is now in a tight balance, and prices are expected to rise steadily in the future.
The price of domestic titanium ore is similar to the price of imported titanium ore, the company owns the northern part of the Sichuan red-glycerine ore, one of the four major iron ores to the west, the mineral reserves are rich, and it has a variety of metals, such as iron, titanium, titanium, cadmium, and the company produces about 800,000 tons of titanium ore per year, which we expect to be the year.
The net profit is about 800 million (500,000 tons of stable titanium minerals, 550 million in 2017 and 490 million in 2018 respectively). 2.3 The global pattern of titanium powder is oligopoly, the domestic balance of supply and demand is currently about 7.5 million tons of global titanium powder, the four largest overseas heads, Teno (tronox), Kormú.
The combined capacity of chemours, venator (former Hensmeyer) and Connors accounts for about 50% of total global capacity. In 2018, the capacity of the dragon arcade was 650,000 tons, the fourth largest in the global titanium industry, and the company’s total capacity of titanium powder will be the third highest in the world as the company becomes operational with its chlorated titanium capacity.
After Tenor completed his acquisition of Kost in 2018, the titanium powder production was the world's number one, but its sulphate titanium, which was competed by our companies and was less profitable; it was the global titanium powder dragon, separated by Dubon, whose product could be chlorinated, and its revenues and profits increased in 2016-2018, and in 2019, due to reduced demand.
The price strategy of stabilizing titanium products has led to a decline of about 30 per cent in sales and to varying levels of revenue and profits. In recent years, foreign firms have shut down parts of the plant as a result of, inter alia, the ageing of the production apparatus. Since 2015, they have accumulated 440,000 tons of capacity, reducing overall capacity.
The bulk of the country is concentrated in our country, where the bulk of the change in the capacity of the overseas giants is due to mergers, capital spending has begun to slow down, there will be little significant additional capacity abroad in the future, and the global market for titanium powder has a more stable oligarchy. From the domestic market, companies are the champions of the absolute industry, with a stronger pricing capacity in the industry, and in 2018 the country will be home-grown.
The production capacity is about 3.5 million tons, while our country has explicitly banned the construction of new less than 30,000 tons of titanium sulphate powder, while the Division of Chloride Technologies has added some 2.6 million tons of titanium chloride, with a total industrial output of 38.45 million tons, and a stable overall supply pattern. Paints are mainly downstream, and the domestic market is highly relevant to real estate construction, and in recent years the domestic market has been stable.
For stability, exports are the main increase in our demand for titanium powder, which has grown faster in countries such as India, Korea, and Viet Nam. In 2018, we produced about 2.95 million tons of titanium powder, with an overall industry start-up rate of about 84.3%, supply and demand are largely flat, environmental high pressure is pushing up the costs of the titanium acid industry, and corporate cost advantages are highlighted.
Domestic sulphate processes are relatively mature, but environmental pollution is a serious problem, and in recent years the country’s environmental stress has led to a rapid rise in production costs for related companies. We take the example of Anada, which represents average water levels in the industry, with annual reports dividing costs into raw materials, fuel and power, labour, depreciation, and other manufacturing costs.
Anada titanium powder unit costs are rising (excluding taxes, in dollars/tonnes) and converted to unit costs based on sales, and a change in raw materials, fuel and power is largely consistent with changes in the price of raw materials such as titanium powder, sulphur acid; unit labour increases of about 50 per cent over a five-year period are associated with an increase in labour costs; Anna
There were no major capital expenditure items for five years, and unit depreciation fluctuated only slightly with the volume of sales; however, other manufacturing costs increased by nearly $1,000 per ton. Compared to the traditional sulphuric acid method, the improved sulphuric acid process based on “sulphur-phosphor- titanium” achieved sulfate, titanium powder,
Material flows, energy flow coupling and recycling of the three production systems of phosphate: recycling and reuse of more than 70 per cent of sulphur and 35 per cent reduction in sulphuric acid consumption; reduction in waste by-processing costs by 30 per cent; recovery of phosphate device phosphorus by more than 94 per cent; reduction in single-ton investment by more than 30 per cent due to increased capacity and simplified treatment of waste acids
The overall production process is greener, with production costs at least $2,000/t below the industry average.The cost of corporate sulphate titanium powder is over $2,000/tonne below the industry level.3 The barriers to the chlorinated titanium process are extremely high, and companies have made significant breakthroughs.
Over the years, our titanium industry has tried to combat the titanium-chloride process, which has been developed in the following ways: the titanium industry, the Jinzhou titanium industry, and the steel-climbing industry. From the chloride-platinum process, we believe that there are three main technical barriers: high titanium slag, chlorination of raw materials, etc.
Process, oxidation Raw materials: Due to the high amount of titanium impurities in the country and the high demand for raw materials in the chlorination process, which requires more than 90% of titanium dioxide, domestic manufacturers are required to produce titanium powder using imported mines for reprocessing into high titanium sludge.
In 2015, the python pelicans entered the titanium-rich (with “high titanium slag”) project and achieved the self-sufficiency of raw materials, while other enterprises in the former country, such as the Tianbara group and the Nakino titanium industry, were required to outsource high titanium slags The chlorination process: the production of high-purity titanium tetrachloride from high titanium slags, mainly boiling chlorination and molten salt chlorination.
In the former Jinzhou titanium industry in the country, there is a molten salt chlorination production line, but it is not working as expected, and the new production line is now turning to boiling chlorination.
oxidation process: titanium oxidation of tetrachloride produces titanium powder, which is reflected in a high temperature continuous reaction and also requires protection against wall blocks in the reactor, with high technical requirements for response control, etc.
The technical barriers in terms of engineering magnification and scale production are also very high, as are the 1.5-6 million tons of peers. The chlorinated titanium process, which has been on the market since 2011, has led companies to tackle the problem of titanium production with chlorinated systems and to invest in human resources.
In 2018, the company ' s research and development staff reached 1137, nearly 10 times that of its peers, and has invested more than a billion dollars in research and development over the last three years, far above its peers, and will take the lead in the country in large-scale production of chlorinated titanium powder. Since the project to build the capacity of chlorinated titanium powder, the company has built up 2150,000 tons of titanium (one phase).
The cost of the 60,000 tonnes of chlorination production line, the completion of the thiochlor coupling industrial chain in the kernel, the ability of the chlorination process to produce 300,000 tonnes, and the possibility of blending national production with imported raw materials, is estimated to have dropped to 9000,2019 in April, when the company built a new 500,000 tonnes of titanium mining complex (300,000 tonnes of titanium chloride slag) in the groves.
In the future, it is also expected to continue to use elements such as platinum in iron ore to further enhance the value added of corporate products.
The chlorination business has brought the company into a growing good track, the sulphate titanium can use our home-grown titanium mine, while investments are small, and this advantage is evident without environmental considerations. Since the 20th century, our sulphate titanium powder production has grown rapidly.
Tens of tons, with growth of 240%, have completed the transformation of titanium powder from a net importer to a net exporter. The chlorinated titanium powder is superior to the sulphate method in terms of particle size, homogeneity, and some high-end products are required to use chlorine as an example of paint with titanium powder in their car paints, which requires a higher degree of dampness, light, and masking.
Nationally produced titanium powder is only able to import nearly 200,000 tons of titanium powder per year, mainly for specialized chlorinated products, and the average price of products imported in recent years has been about $3,000 per ton, which is significantly higher than the unit price of 15,000 yuan per ton.
In terms of the global market, the demand for titanium chloride is about 3 million tons per year, compared to 150,000 tons in 2018, and the global market for titanium chloride has long been dominated by overseas companies. The main reason for the low market rate for titanium chloride in our country is that the process is immature, with the associated process difficult.
The problem was solved, and we believe that our chlorinated titanium manufacturing industry will replicate the success of the sulphate industry, that our country will be the main producer of the global chlorination titanium, and that the company will be the main producer of the domestic titanium powder industry, which, in terms of specific products, is the company's primary production type of 16,000 tons of chlorinated production line, Nos. 895 and 896.
titanium powder, which is used downstream mainly in the area of high-end paints, with new production lines rolling out model 886 and entering the pg response chain, and focusing on the use of plastics for the production of white particles, will continue to expand in the future with the company ' s titanium white model of chlorination, and will continue to increase the value added of products in applications such as high-end paper and ink.
It's a recommended use. It's a recommended use. It's in the field of new titanium alloy materials. In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of Yunnan.
At present, the company’s high titanium slag, sponge titanium production lines have been restored, and Newcom has expanded its sponge titanium product lines to improve the overall titanium industry. The production of titanium and the rate of start-up have changed.
Sponge titanium is used mainly for downstream titanium production, with a capacity of about 104,000 tons of sponge titanium, with an annual production of about 75,000 tons, an overall market space of nearly 5 billion yuan, and a vast pre-application pre-position for the titanium industry as a strategic emerging industry, particularly in high-end areas such as aerospace, marine engineering, medicine and so on, with significant growth in our metal titanium and sponges.
The Yunnan region has a number of advantages, such as energy and taxation, and the future company plans to invest $5 billion in new construction of 300,000 tons of chlorinated slag, 50,000 tons of sponge titanium and 300,000 tons of chlorinated titanium.
With more than $10 billion, the profit contribution will be much higher than expected. On December 30, 2019, the company entered into a cooperative framework agreement with the Kimkawa Group, which plans to create a distinctive titanium industry with a competitive advantage in Gansu; the company is now integrating high-quality titanium resources, both within and outside the country, through extended mergers and acquisitions.
With a potential titanium mineral of about 400,000 tons, and a full self-sufficiency of raw materials in the future. With the industrial idea of making “deep titanium products, fine titanium derivatives,” companies will gradually build a whole chain of titanium concentrate-chlorinated titanium slag-chloride, titanium powder-spongiform-tritanium alloys.
The company has a significantly higher Māori rate and roe level than its peers The titanium powder industry in 2014-2015 is at a low level, prices are highly competitive within the industry, and the concentration of the industry has increased significantly after the merger of the Sichuan dragon and the Pali.
The titanium industry has a certain bargaining power downstream, usually with a shorter account period, dominated by cash, and the public.
Since the company completed the merger, the company’s free cash flow has been growing in tandem with net profits due to lower capital spending on the traditional sulphate method. Due to a lack of consistent market forecasts for the profits of companies listed in the industry, we forecast performance based on company announcements.
From a market perspective, companies can be regarded as one of the international giants in the chemical industry, or as a low-cost advantage in the industry, with valuation levels comparable to those of the Mandarin Chemical, New and New Union, and the Wallau Hening.
In combination with relative valuation and absolute valuation, we believe that companies have a clear advantage over other enterprises in the same industry and that the main directions for the future are more global, that future valuation levels should be closer to existing chemical and international giants, and that for absolute valuation models companies will not be excluded from further consolidation through mergers and acquisitions in the future.
Co-industry or the possibility of buying titanium mines overseas, we may have underestimated the capital spending of the company, and conservatively, the development of titanium chloride has been hampered: the use of chlorinated titanium powder requires downstream customer certification, high barriers, and if the development of high-end customers is blocked, the company's titanium chloride has a cost advantage over sulphuric acid in low-end markets.
Safety and environmental risks: The production process involves a multi-step high-temperature high-pressure reaction, which is expected to affect the volume and quality of the company's products, is not conducive to their development, and there are serious safety and environmental accidents.
This will lead to downfalls in the price of titanium sulphate; reduced demand will result in prices for products such as corporate titanium, titanium powder, sponge titanium, etc.