On 17 January, Bank Ningbo released its 2021 performance report with $52.721 billion, yoy+28.24 per cent (+11.1 pct); net parent profit was $19.515 billion, yoy+29.67 per cent
In 2021, the growth rate of profits was expected to go to the top three branches of the listed bank, with a remarkable growth rate. The growth rate of revenue was higher than the total asset rate of 4.36 pct, and the expected growth in non-interest business income was good.
A further 2bp to 0.77 per cent reduction in the negative rate ring in 2021, with an upward-led provision covered in a stable asset quality \triangleright residual
The rate is 16.42 pct higher than at the beginning of the year, and the asset security margin continues to be high, leaving space for high growth \triangleright 1.57 pct, showing a strong regional demand for financing, a stronger capacity to deliver credit with high asset quality, and an asset balance
Investment recommendations: revenue collection, high profits, growth continuity, asset excellence and continuous improvement, \triangleright \triangleright
The performance report shows that Ningpo Bank increased its operating income at the same rate in 2021 +11.1 pct to 28.2%, the net profit increase at the same rate +19.9 pct to 29.7%, the ring ratio +2.7 pct, the profit increase or entry to the market, the growth rate of the top three As. The growth rate is higher than the total asset growth rate of 4.36 pct, and non-interest operating income is expected to grow well.
In a single quarter, influenced by the 2020q4 high base, 2021q4 was slightly modified by the parent net profit acceleration ring, but the increase in pre-tax profits was significant, with the ring ratio +17.1 ptt. Figure 1: Ningpo Bank ' s performance at the same rate as 2021 (cumulative)
The negative rate has declined steadily, leading to steady growth in the provision coverage, excellent asset quality and sustained optimization. In 2021, the negative Ningpo bank rate dropped by a further 2bp to 0.77% over the 2021 round, and is expected to be at a lower level than in the listed banks, with a higher boost-led provision coverage in the sound quality of assets and a slightly better asset structure. In 2021, the total Ningpo bank assets grew by 23.9% and the ring by +0.2pt, with a year-round increase.
In 2021, loans grew faster than total assets by 1.57 pct, demonstrating a stronger credit delivery capacity with strong regional financing needs and high asset quality, and an asset structure that is expected to be further optimized, with high profit margins. Revenues, high profits, growth continuity, asset quality excellence and continuous improvement, positive scale-up, and modest asset structure optimization.
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given. Subtract pressures increased; adverse risks worsened; companies operated less than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.