18 January 2021 Performance continues to be bright and credit continues to increase at Ningbo Bank (002142.sz)
The growth in performance was impressive, the profit rate was further expanded in 2021, the company was able to achieve a smoother asset end structure, and the credit growth dynamic was strong until the end of 2021.
Helped to increase asset end-of-end rates of return and interest differentials; end-of-debt deposits maintained a robust and rapid increase, which was higher than the end-of-season level. By the end of 2021, corporate deposits were at a low rate, and the provision coverage continuously increased the ability to offset the increased risks
Low level. Subsistence coverage continues to be better than that of co-workers and continues to increase, risk offsetting capacity, capital build-up and further expansion of business growth and profit enhancement space. As of December 13, 2021, the company ' s shareholdings were released and marketed, cumulatively recognized.
The amount of $11,894 million was purchased, mainly to supplement core-level capital, to help in the follow-up expansion of operations and to open up space for sustained profit growth.
Business expansion, high quality and profitability are among the top levels of the industry. Strong capital growth in end-of-life credit, high contribution of personal loans and consumer credit, excellent structure, support of net interest differentials and better working practices. Debt-end deposits are close to 60%, at cost.
The advantage is obvious. The company is committed to building diversified profit centres, and continues to promote the construction of four main cities, namely, finance, State money, retail companies and wealth management, with a greater comparative advantage, a combination of equity to supplement core-level capital, an expansion of operations, and a follow-up gain.
There is much room for sustained growth. We look forward to the future of the company, and, in combination with the company's fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we maintain a “recommended” rating, and the bvps 2022-2023 commit themselves to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate reflection of their research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.