The company announces its share buy-back plans, shows its confidence in development, and the company announces its own and self-financing plans and supplements.
The repurchase price is not more than $18.50 per share, and the total repurchase value is no less than $150 million (inclusive) and no more than $300 million (inclusive).
Repurchase of shares demonstrates confidence in development and will facilitate the company's follow-on capital operation The total amount of this repurchase is no less than RMB 150 million (inclusive) and no more than RMB 300 million (inclusive).
The company currently hosts five universities, including Thunder and Phototoms, and nine high-quality public departments. As our research institute continues to evolve, we believe that the company is on the market as a navigational system.
At present, the company values are low, and there will be a significant increase in the future in the number 28 West Side Street, West Side.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company that has no business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibilities.
Clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.