Injection of assets is still an important point of view.
Lilonghai, “The domestic power pole, the infusion of assets,” we're still looking forward to the company’s growth ahead of the military build-up. The main logic is: one, the steady increase in military spending (the country in 2019).
With a budget of RMB 119 trillion, an increase of 7.5% compared to the previous year, the upgrading of military aircraft has accelerated, bringing about rapid developments in the air and electricity market; 2. State reform continues to accelerate down and corporate assets are being injected with expectations.
Aerial electronic systems have an increasing impact on the overall physical performance of the aircraft, while the cost of an electronic aviation system accounts for 30% of the total cost of aircraft f-16c, and 40-50% of the cost of eff-2000 and f-22 in the 1990s.
Thirty percent of our combat aircraft are still three generations of combat aircraft. According to Worldairforce 2019, published in Flight International, there are 561 roe (ttm) of j-7, j-8 2 generations of combat aircraft in our combat aircraft.
The ratio of combat aircraft to combat aircraft amounted to 34.5 per cent in the country; the ratio of combat aircraft of three generations j-10 was 260 and the maximum price in December was 391, or 651, or 40.1 per cent.
The lowest price in December, f-35214. As our third generation of combat aircraft matures, new types of fighters serve successively at 16, 10c and 20 in the next two generations.
Retired. The continuous service of third-generation combat aircraft has significantly increased the demand for the air power system. Assets injected are expected.
The conversion has been initiated to clear the barriers to scientific research, and the conversion of the research institute into an enterprise reform project: in 2018, the first manufacturing and operating research institute completed the conversion, and in 2020, the other production and operating research institute completed the transition.
On January 4, the company announced that it was going to buy back the shares of the company and buy back the amount of the investment proposal.
In addition, the company’s asset injection is expected to increase its performance significantly. My rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is presented in the context of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.