In January-February, business growth picked up at a remarkable pace, and the company's research, the company's quick review, the transport, the logistics.
NBI: 1) Price competition in the express delivery sector has remained subdued, companies have continued their price strategy for the season of last year, the prices in the express delivery have been strong, the operating costs are manageable, and the single-profit link in the express delivery business has continued to rise (according to our estimates, about 0.2 yuan in January-February left 0.0 per 11.9%/8.3%), corresponding to p26/19/16x. We believe that, in the context of shared wealth, the Express Dragon competition has gone from price wars.
Upgraded to “combining prices and services” with diversified competition, the future fast-dispatch peaks and profits will enter a steady growth phase, while a strong competitive circle is expected to finally win in the course of the evolution of the competition pattern, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
From the point of view of the volume of business, the volume of business going through one-to-two months has increased by 27.8%, a significant recovery from last four quarters (2104 - 12.7%). We believe that this year's orderly and wide-ranging introduction of “spring days” by companies has led to more surges. From the point of view of prices, price competition in the express sector has remained subdued, and companies have continued to prosper last year.
The price strategy for the season, which was robust in terms of express prices and manageable operating costs in January-February of this year, continued to raise the single-count profit-making ring for express delivery operations (the price war in the industry maintains a détente, the logic of fast forward performance repair will continue to be realized) (i) due to the high base in 2021 and the gradual slowdown in penetration on the power lines, demand growth in the express delivery sector will slow significantly in 2022 (2).
In the larger context of shared wealth, where Express Leader firms began to balance prices and quality of services, and where the competition over 100-year-old Chinese Express was substantially optimized, we believe that the industry price war might have remained subdued in 2022. Thirdly, against a background of moderate prices in 2022, circular profits would have remained relatively high, and profits were expected to grow at a high rate.
As competition continues to rise, the company’s long-term value highlights the continuous optimization of its business model over the past two years, thus seeing continuous improvements in the control of round costs, with the cost of one-way express to its peers. In addition, the company is continuing to move towards a full digital transformation, with the company strengthening its fast-track full-time through digital management tools.
Precision control of indicators such as long, complaint rates, loss and loss, fast prescriptions, quality of service, customer experience, etc. We believe that, in the context of shared wealth, the fast forward competition has escalated from a price war to a “balance of prices and services” multi-faceted competition, and that future fast forward leader models and profits will move into a steady growth phase, while a circle of more competitive power is expected to finally win in the course of the evolution of the competition pattern.
Investment recommendations: Performance overperformance, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the continued optimization of the company's operations, steady increase in profitability, and our upward adjustment of the firm's net profit from the parent in 21-23 to $21.2/29.7/33.9.
In the phase of steady growth, a circle with strong competitive strength is expected to finally win in the course of the evolution of the competition pattern, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject