Q4 performance is significantly higher than expected.
Volkswagen price increases, 04 performance rises significantly: under policy guidelines such as limiting bad competition in the industry and safeguarding the rights of couriers, front-loading companies have increased their bill prices. Since the 04 season, couriers such as Chase and others have issued price increases, price wars have slowed significantly, and q4 performances have increased significantly.
Express unit prices are expected to continue to rise mildly, or to drive public business up high: in January-November, companies accumulated 1.96 billion couriers, up 34.07 per cent, higher than the industry ' s average increase of 1.8 pct and faster than a share in the market.
The annual delivery volume is 10,8.5 billion, a 30 per cent increase over the same year. With the rise of sunk market consumption, in-house power providers, community group purchases, the penetration rate of the network will continue to rise, with the projected 2022 Business Fair Plan setting out that by 2025, it is expected that there will be more than 150 billion couriers, forming more than one hundred and fifty billion.
Continuing the digital transformation and improving the quality of services: in 2021, companies continued the digital transformation, relying on digital management tools, deep-seated market-differentiated demand, and improved client hierarchies.
Product upgrading, enhanced firm bargaining power, and precise control of full-chain, process-wide costs to achieve web-wide efficiency gains. The 2021h1 firm’s cost of express tickets fell by 2.63 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the company is expected to benefit fully from the depth of its digital business and the quality of its services.
Express sector regulation has been upgraded: in 2021, the state and some local governments successively introduced a series of express sector regulatory policies and guidance to regulate irrational competition. Since September 1, Express companies have been moving up tariffs under strict regulation, and the pattern of competition has gradually shifted from a price-driven to a value-driven one.
Next, on 7 January 2022, the National Postal Service issued the " Measures for the Management of Express Markets " (Revised) to clarify once more the enterprises operating courier services and their practitioners: 1) No collusion with other persons in market prices to the detriment of the legitimate rights and interests of other businesses operating courier services or of users; 2) no
Delivery services may be provided at a lower cost than the cost without justification: 3) The receipt of express packages without the consent of the user is acknowledged and may not be delivered without permission to express them to express service facilities such as smart courier boxes, courier service stations, etc. 4) The remuneration of couriers, working conditions, and work is guaranteed by law
On balance, it is expected to lead to a healthy and orderly competition among couriers, further reducing the likelihood of price wars and improving the quality of their services. The industry is expected to move gradually from high-speed growth to high-quality competitions in 2022.
Profit forecasting: In the context of the continuous upgrading of policy regulation, the quality of corporate services continues to improve, the price-price capacity of products increases and profitability is expected to improve.
Figure: Corporate turnover and acceleration (billion votes, per cent) This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.