In addition, the company published business data for January 2022, and it realized that it was able to earn $3.619 billion in courier revenue.
q4 performance increased significantly with improved competition over unit price increases: companies continued to move forward in 2021 with a comprehensive digital transformation, increased core resource inputs, and progress in core indicators of service quality, such as timeliness. This shows that companies are moving away from a “price-for-value” strategy, with a greater focus on service quality, profitability, etc.
The balance between strength and market share. Since entering the q4 season, under tight policy regulation, the TCP has issued three consecutive price increases, and the price war has slowed significantly, with net gains increasing by nearly 198.87%, ring growth by 269%, %, profitability by comparison and ring ratio.
Remarkably repaired. From the second half of 21st year, the corporate business strategy was even more nuanced. 14.55%, compared to the January bill revenue of $2.62, an increase of 10.34%, when the business clearing model was adjusted (from the original settlement with the federator to the settlement directly with headquarters) to remove the greenbird.
Competition will be contained, demand will grow steadily, leading firms will focus more on balancing profits with market shares, single-ticket prices are expected to continue to rise, profitability will continue to recover, and international air support companies will open up room for growth: affected by the epidemic, international air freight operations will continue to recover.
In the last two years, the atmosphere has remained high. In 2020, 1,193 million yuan was collected, the net gain was 2.16 yuan, a year-on-year increase of more than 200 per cent, and the international freight forwarder generated 5,048 million Hong Kong 16 per cent, owing to the high demand of cross-border electricity suppliers due to the epidemic, while China's high-end manufacturing capital.
There will be an increase in the demand for overseas outreach operations, which will result in an increase in international courier operations. The company is actively deploying 10 cargo aircraft in such markets as East and South Asia, and has already completed its initial deployment as the only delivery company with a single air cargo company.
Air cargo infrastructure capacity to increase the efficiency of the company’s own aviation utilization and operation, and to open up the growth space by cutting into the hundreds of billions of tracks of cross-border logistics.
With the strict monitoring of the report, the investments of the Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by the Group Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Grouped Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.