National gold foliage, Ning Xin, high-speed (600377.sh) road and rail
Accelerating the growth of real estate delivery contribution performance, with a steady recovery in truck ratios Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, a rising proportion of trucks, and continued consolidation of toll road master business: 73 per cent of companies in the first half of 2017
Operating income and 92 per cent of Māori derived from toll operations: this period saw an increase of 5.75 per cent in revenue over the same period and a 8.6 per cent increase in traffic over the same period, with a rebound in the proportion of company road-cargo vehicles and a 21.2 per cent increase in the proportion of line trucks from 20.8 per cent during the same period last year, mainly due to the first half of the macroeconomic year.
Continued warming and road overloads started in 2016: companies continued to consolidate their toll road masters during the reporting period, actively participating in new project investments; the first half of the year was active in promoting the Mount Five Road Bridge and the north-south link.
New projects; promotion of 60 per cent of the stockholdings of the 70 per cent of the company ' s high-speed stock in the town and the high-speed construction phase, approval of 60 per cent of the share participation in the subsidiary ' s new high-speed projects.
Real estate projects reached a peak in settlement and contributed to a major increase in revenue: in the first half of the year, the company had six real estate projects in the Ningjong High Speed Company Review, 2016.10.28 deliveries, compared to only one during the same period last year, so the carry-over sales revenue increased significantly to 3.68 during the reporting period
3. "The road charger industry has grown steadily, receiving millions of yuan in the second half of the year (only $14.14 million in the same period last year), and the main subsidiary of the real estate business has made a net profit of $68 million after taxing the estate business, compared to just $2.61 million in the same period last year.
There was a significant decline in the period, with contracts of 1.65 million in the first half of the year, a 73 per cent decline in the same year, sales revenues from the continued optimization of the debt structure, and a significant increase in investment returns contributing to a part of the increase in profits: net profits in the first half of the year outpaced the growth rate, mainly due to the company's continued return of negative interest, in addition to the growth of Maori.
Debt, resulting in a reduction of about $50 million in financial costs on a year-on-year basis: about $60 million in current corporate taxes and surcharges following the change in business over the same period last year: both the financial leasing company and Jiangsu Bank split more than last year in the reporting period, while the combined company ' s road traffic was increasing at a good rate, resulting in an increase in investment returns on the same basis.
Eighty-five million dollars. Corporate growth is stable, and cash flows are strong, keeping the company up to high dividends year after year.
Good, delivery is at its peak, future housing profits are sustainable, and long-term dividends are attractive. The macro-economy downturn is given, and property delivery falls short of expectations.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.