Incidents of short-term fluctuations in the core competitiveness of companies: the company released its first quarter report for 2020 on the evening of 24 April, during which period it achieved operating income of $51,077 million, a decrease of 10.41 per cent over the reporting period; total profits: coal plates: the price of coal is largely stable, the epidemic affects sales and the profitability of the plates remains relatively stable.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company sold 98.4 million tons of coal (Yoy-6.4 per cent), the combined sale price of coal was 409 yuan/tonne, a 0.5 per cent decline in the same year, the coal plate was realized, the revenues were 4,106 billion yuan, a 7.6 per cent decline in the same year, the impact of the epidemic, and the decline in the company ' s coal production led to a decline in the business income of the coal plate, but the price of coal was generally stable, with the coal plate having a gross gross rate of 28.6 per cent, which was the same level as the same period in 19 years. The index for the ring sea in the first quarter of 20 years fell by 3.3 per cent, compared with the index for the ring sea in the same year.
Wang Chimin Research Assistant dropped by 1.4 per cent compared to 0.5 per cent in the first quarter of 20 years, 4.4 per cent in the ring, and more so in the first quarter of 20 years, as a result of the low price of the mine, the production of coal, the restructuring of the company's products, and, overall, the stability of the god remains relatively good in the face of the continued fermentation of the effects of the epidemic.
The integrated industrial chain can effectively hedge against the performance risks associated with market volatility.
As a result of the combined power of the State in January 1919, the company experienced a dramatic decline in power loads over 20 years, with a total of 2,746 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generated by the company ' s power plate in the first quarter of 20 years, a decline of 40.82 per cent over the same period and a decrease of 41.05 per cent over the same period in the 25,711 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity sold; and, after excluding the effects of the reduction in installed units caused by the combined electricity of the State in January, we counted that the company ' s sales in February and March 20 years had fallen by about 20-30 per cent over the same period, which was affected by the epidemic, and that the company ' s power plate had a greater impact, but was accompanied by a return to downstream work.
With a sharp increase in the distribution of the red, and a steady leap in value, the company’s power plate will be gradually restored. The Third Quarterly Review of China 20191029 (601088) reports:
Quarterly net profit innovation is high, and the value of running a sound leader is highlighted. Low oil prices have affected the company's coal industry, which has experienced a significant decline in profitability.
As a result of the same-year decline in sales, the return to the profits of the coal section is highly correlated with the price of oil.
In Beijing, there is an effective hedge against the risk of volatility in the industry through the integration of the entire industrial chain, in Beijing’s west corner of 9th Alteration Street. The decline in profits of 2020q1 is mainly due to the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and a decline in sales of coal, electricity, and kerosene products.
The average sale price of coal and coal-chemical products has declined, as well as the volume of operations in transport branches such as railways and ports; the second is the establishment of the Beijing National Electricity Exchange in the first quarter of 2019, which completed the cut-off, confirming the base effect of a one-time investment gain of $1,121 million. Given the integrated development of the whole industry chain of companies, namely, coal, electricity, roads, ports, and shipping, we are more resilient to the risks of industrial volatility, and companies tend to be low-cost, high-quality coal.
Carbon resources, corporate capacity, large cash holdings, declining interest-bearing debt, operating cash flows to cover interest and capital expenditures, are still abundant, considering the completion of the delivery of the late Yellow Railway and the construction of the new street mines, the company’s profitability will be further enhanced, and the company’s cash cow properties will continue to grow at a high score in red. Profit forecasting and rating: taking into account the impact of the epidemic, low oil prices and the company’s joint venture to form a power company, fewer power installed machines will affect the company’s overall performance, but
Given the strong advantages of integrated corporate operations and the fact that short-term events will not change the profitability of the company, future corporate profitability will remain largely stable, and we anticipate a risk factor for the company for 20-22 years: lower than expected macroeconomics, higher than expected coal prices, and security implications for corporate mining.
Kwang Ming, Ph.D., China Mining University (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, member of the China Sinda Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair), research consultant in coal- and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, and revision of the coal industry technology policy
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering, University of Mines, China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal industry. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering, Master of Business and Industry Management, People’s University of China, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.