♪ All-Hollytowned subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank tigermed (300347/ch)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Up/downside 3q21earningsbeat.tiermedreported 3q21revenue/atriblenetprofit currentprice
/attributablenetprofittorm3,395mn/rmb1,781mn, whicchaccoundedfor chinahealthcareector grew68% yoytorm326mnnwholethatof9m21increased75%oyto
Jilwu, cfa rmb 869mn, accoundingfor 75% of total-yearestimaté.tigermedbooked rmb1,117 mnfairvalegainsandrmnndrmninvestmentgin9m21,
Totaling 53%ofitspre-taxprofitduring thesameperiod. Grossmargin retreatedfrom 48.5%in9m20to46.8%in9m21, duetoincreasedrevenue fromoversideasclinicaltributionsservices, andrmbapplication(notethat)
I don't know, stickdata someoftiermed'srevenuearebookedinusdwholecostoferservicesare incurredinrmb.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I've ever seen anything like this before, either.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Noon-covid-19newersalcontinued strongrowthighventhemanagements 40-50% yoygrowthinnon-shareperformance
Covid-19rednewersful-yearof2021, playingasolidfoundationfor near-termrevenuegroth.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
12-mthpriceperformance conductalglobaltrialsinvariouscountresuchasbrazil, chileand socialafrica, paving thewayforthecompanitycompanityfurthbusiness
It's not like we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, but we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives, and we're going to have to go to school for the rest of our lives and the rest of our lives.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it again.
Source: Bloomberg newdcf-basedtpfromrmb198.40ttrm212.59 (wacc: 9.84%), auditor:bdochina
. related reports: earlyningssummary
..stroongbackloggrovethrivenbysolid stroongmomentumcontinued-30apr betterbusinessrecoveryoutookin
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.