Quick increase in q3 from the sustained recovery of main battalion operations.
Wei Hongmei now belongs to the net profit of the shareholders of listed companies at $1.781 billion, an increase of 35.13 per cent over the same period; the achievement of deductions is rapidly increasing to 2021q3 performance. On a quarterly basis, q3 achieved a gross operating income of $1,339 million in 2021.
67.25 per cent. The performance of q3 increased by q2 on a year-on-year basis, the adverse effects of the new crown epidemic diminished, company operations continued to recover, and the company ' s technical clinical and clinical trial-related services and physical laboratory service operations were expected to continue to grow rapidly.
Net corporate interest rates rose the same time. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s Māori rate fell by 1.71 centigrade, management and financial costs by 0.21 percentage points, 0.7 percentage points, and 11.17 percentage points, respectively.
The coro industry continues to be high, and the corporate clinical leadership has been strengthened. The domestic coro industry has been growing in comparison with the trend towards innovation, continued expansion of research and development inputs by pharmaceutical companies, and transfer of overseas production capacity.
There has been an increase in demand for research and development in the pharmaceutical market and clinical trials related to the new coronary pneumonia. The company has worked with more than 1,200 clinical trial agencies in the country to establish a broad network of clinical trial institutions and teams of professionals in clinical contract research institutes in China.
The company has over 800 professional teams overseas, offering a variety of clinical trials, clinical laboratory-related services, and laboratory services. The investment proposal is that the company is the lead in the country’s clinical coro, and will continue to consolidate its leadership position, with prospects for the future.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.