Researchchand developmentcenter, 3-quarterly report over-expected performance and accelerated recovery of corporate operations
– Tegl Pharmaceuticals (300347), review report, 22 October 2021. 1. Major business recovery accelerated and overseas outreach promoted transformational upgrading.
Three-quarterly reports over-expected performance and accelerated recovery of corporate operations: companies issued three-quarters reports in 2021, with higher-than-expected growth. Business revenue reached 3,395 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, +47.58 per cent in the same year, with a net profit of 1,781 million in the same year and +35.13 per cent in the same year.
One billion yuan, or 40.90% over the same period. q3 quarter operating income of 1,339 million yuan, +57.77% over the same period, net profit for mothers of 526 million yuan, +64.80% over the same period, net profit for non-mortality of 326 million yuan, positive quarterly growth in 2021, and high and robust growth in corporate performance in 2021.
\triangleright q1-q3, the company achieved a positive three-quarter round increase, q1 ring + 150.42%, q2 ring + 13.47%, and q3 ring + 31.41%. We believe that the main benefits of continued high growth in the company ' s operations have been sustained.
With the acceleration of the global epidemic and increased client demand for clinical trials, the new coronary epidemic profile will continue to affect company development in the short term, while the demand for clinical trials will drive firm growth in the long term. Cost rates have dropped dramatically, and net interest rates have continued to rise.
The effect is to continuously improve the management cost rate, h by increasing interest income from equity fund-raising and significantly reducing the financial cost.
Industrial funds to further upgrade the Tag “Ecosphere.” On July 12, 2021, the company announced the funding of the RMB 9.8 billion partnership for the establishment of the Biopharmaceutical Industry Fund, an initiative that will deepen the company's profile in the field of biopharmaceuticals, promote the optimal upgrading of the company's upstream and downstream industrial chain and upgrade the company.
(ii) From 31 August 2021, the company began a new stock buy-back for follow-up or employee-holding schemes, the last stock incentive scheme for the company was implemented on 7 June 2019 and has now been discontinued, and the current equity buy-back plan indicates that the company will continue to do so
Staff incentives or stock-holding schemes to enhance staff, business stability and ensure long-term development. \triangleright Risk factors: the risk of declining demand for research and development and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical industry, and recurring global epidemics
Risks, exchange rate movements, increased industry competition, policy implications, etc.
Jo Yayun, a member of the team, a Master of Chemistry from Xian Transport University, joined the Sindha Securities in 2021 and served as a Cdmo, Medical Medicine, Lee Yuteng, a member of the team, and a doctor of medicine from the Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences.
Baker Mankulte (Danah Group), with extensive experience in business. Joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021 and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro at ppc and paraxel, 2021, and entered the Sinda Securities, which was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed a service agreement with the CVM, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.