The company was founded in Shenzhen in 1994 to develop, produce and sell beverage products covering the three main types of energy beverages, non-energy beverages, and packaged drinking water. Energy beverages are the company’s dominant product, with the dominant beverages being the second largest in the country’s energy beverage market. There are currently more than 1,600 distributors covering 120.
Equity: In June 1994, Shenzhen City formed the East Peng Beverage Business Company. In October 2003, the company’s current chairman, Linqiao and 20 executives, granted 100% ownership at a price of 2.54,000, implemented a change to the East Peng Beverage Business Company Limited. In March 2018, the whole was changed to a private business with a centralized and stable control. The share of the controlled woodworks will be diluted to 49.74%, and the indirect share will be diluted to 49.74%.
Incentives for core employee ownership were adequate: in 2019, the company provided equity incentives to some of the core cadres through the equity incentive programme. Executive Liu Lihua, Lu Yifu, Jiang Wei participated directly in the incentive to buy 1.6 million shares for a total of 91,428,000 shares, with 0.52%, 0.1%, 0.1% respectively before issuance, >East Peng Farway, Far East Peng, and Dong Peng Qing Qing Qing for the employee platform, with 7.4 million shares for 51,426,000 shares, with over-the-top cadres of the company participating through the platforms mentioned above.
Incentives. 45, 44 and 45 core employees held shares in Tung Peng, Tung Peng and Tung Peng, respectively, with contributions of 27,02.86, 862.86, Figure 5: Major funding structures up to 2021-5-14 Tung, Tung Peng and Tung Peng
The company is mainly involved in the development, production and sale of beverages, including energy beverages, non-energy beverages, and packaged drinking water. Energy beverages include, for example, East Ponto, non-energy beverages include lemon tea, Chen Pitt, etc. In which the energy beverage is the company’s dominant product, with an income of about 94%.
Bottled water > company products: Energy beverages, non-energy beverages, and packaged drinking water. Energy beverages are the main type of beverages, which account for about 95% of the income, and East Pine drinks the main brand.  East Pine drinks the main type of products: four classes, 500 ml gold bottles. 250 ml gold bottles. 250 ml gold cans and 250 ml bricks. Of these, 500 ml gold bottles have been introduced since 2017.
The harvest grew rapidly and in 2019 the counter-250ml gold bottle became the number one, reaching 66.28 per cent of energy beverages in 2020; the gold cans and bricks were supplements to bottled products to meet the differentiated needs of some consumers, and remained stable during the reporting period.  the energy beverages rate was higher, stable at around 48 per cent. The 250ml tile rate was lower, fluctuated at 27 per cent, and the remaining three products were more than 40 per cent.
Māori rates for drinking water are low, but there is an increasing trend. Figure 7: Māori rates for sub-products, Figure 6: Collection and share of sub-products (millions)
The company's main sales areas are Guangdong, Guangxi, China Central, and China East, which together account for about 90% of the total. Of these, competition is prominent. From 2018 to 2020, there are 211,207,222 dealers in the company's Guangdong region, representing 18.79% of the total.
For some important raw materials, companies prepare strategically, based on market research, to respond to the risks of raw material supply and price volatility. Companies have developed a mature Supplier Management System and Procurement Control Procedures to guarantee product quality and supply prices.
Distribution patterns: The distribution model is dominated by a combination of direct, on-line and multiple marketing models, which result in a full-scale, organized distribution system; logistics transport modes: different modes of distribution, as well as different regions. Channels — distribution — are dominated by different modes of transport.
The sales model of the company is based on distribution, all of which is a buy-out sale. From 2017 to 2020, distributors earned more than 97 per cent of their income, combined with a variety of direct-line, online and other sales models, resulting in a full-scale, organized distribution system.
>Dealers as a whole: After years of market expansion and precision farming, companies have established numerous networks of distributors, post and wholesalers, retail terminals, wide coverage, penetration and flat distribution networks. By the end of 2020, companies had 1,600 distributors, covering about 1.2 million end-user shops. > In response to differences in existing market occupancy and distribution network coverage in different regions, companies have been well positioned to take full advantage of marketing initiatives in core markets such as Guangdong.
The divisional business model, which brings close contact and timely response to end consumers, and the other regions, which adopt a large-flow business model, with distributors responsible for the maintenance and implementation of product distribution and channels.
Channels - direct and on-line - 1.16 per cent and 0.97 per cent. The number of users is lower, mainly among the company ' s cooperating clients, namely gas station conveniences, high-speed service areas. 0.99 per cent and 1.15 per cent.
Other modes of sale: production commissioned by a third party for processing, and employee benefits within the company. Trusted production is the production of a specific drink for a company, at the request of a third party beverages manufacturer.
Figure 17: Collection by channel (millions of dollars) and distribution by channel - decentralized downstream customers
> Downstream clients are dispersed, with the top five clients earning about 8% of the income. Energy capacity is expanding and its utilization is more stable. Energy beverage production is dominated: the company’s products are divided into energy beverages, non-energy beverages, and packaged drinking water.
Output expansion: Between 2017 and 2020, the capacity of companies increased steadily, from 740,430 tons to 1,772,523 tons, with a combined capacity growth rate of 34 per cent. Portfolio production accounted for about 1 per cent: except in 2019, companies commissioned production from 2017 to 2020, with a ratio of about 1 per cent.
Figure 20: Corporate capacity utilization, production and sales rates, Figure 21: Sub-product capacity, sales (tons) Figure 23: Sub-product production and sales
The total amount of investment in the project is 4.37 million yuan, consisting of three sub-projects, one in Guangzhou, one in Guangzhou, one in Chongqing, one in Si Peng and one in Guangxi Naming, one in 728.8 million yuan, one in 5085.3 million yuan and one in 20 million yuan respectively. The base consists of production units, headquarters buildings, etc. The three sub-projects are planned to be constructed over a period of two years and five years.
In order to ease corporate capacity bottlenecks and improve supply capacity, it is proposed to build a South China production base and a second phase of the Nanning production base; and, in order to further meet the market needs of the central and western regions, to reduce transport radiuss, lower transport costs, and raise the profitability of products, the Chongqing West Pen production base will be built.
The implementation of the project will result in a significant increase in the capacity of the company, which can reach 48.12 million tonnes, 39.5 million tonnes, Nanning Production Base Construction Project, Chongqing Si Peng and Guangxi Nanning bases, respectively
2. Marketing network upgrades and brand promotion project > total planned investment of $67,081.61 million, divided into three components: marketing point upgrades, channel construction and branding, for marketing network upgrading and brand promotion projects.
The project is expected to last 36 months. The marketing site has been upgraded to include the acquisition of premises and the construction of office space in various marketing districts, services and departments in the South China and East China regions, along with the provision of office equipment.
Branding: Increasing brand promotion through television advertisements, such as public eye announcements, short video ads, Internet ads, and outdoor advertisements, such as bus subways. Figure 26: Project details (millions of US dollars) 3. Information upgrade project
The project has a total planned investment of $75,212.2 million, consisting of two sub-projects, of which the Consortium ' s information upgrading project has a total investment of $53,091.18 million, and the Peng Xin Xin Xin, a total investment of $22,212.4 million. The project is expected to have a 36-month construction period. Through the implementation of the project, the company will undertake a comprehensive upgrade of the production and distribution chain management information system to improve its management and operational efficiency; and the channels and terminal management system will be upgraded.
Figure 27: Project Details (millions of yuan) Project for the upgrading of the company ' s informatics upgrade project
The total planned investment in the R & D centre is $31,470.0 million. It is proposed to build on the existing R & D management centres of the company, set up a high level of hardware and software at the production base in South China, and develop R & D centres with environmental norms for R & D in order to continuously upgrade the R & D capacity of the company. The project is expected to be built over a 24-month period.
>Research and development directions: consisting mainly of basic research, applied research and product research, with specific research and development innovations in raw materials, technological techniques, new products, new packaging, etc. 5. The Headquarters Building Project, with a total planned investment of $206,435,000, is to be invested in the headquarters building of the company, with an area of approximately 13,545.56 square metres, located in the South Mountain of Shenzhen City.
The project is expected to have a 48-month construction period. 6. Replenishment of liquidity and repayment of bank loans.
Pooling funds to repay bank loans can reduce asset-liability ratios, optimize the corporate capital structure, and increase the company's resilience to risk and sustainability in its production operations. Industry analysis - industry profile. Industry development history: energy beverages are energy beverages that contain a certain amount of energy and add an appropriate nutrient component or other specific ingredient that can replenish the energy of the organism, or accelerate energy release.
• In 1927, grapes (lucozade) appeared in the United Kingdom as the first generation of energy drinks; after the birth of the Red Bull in Thailand in 1966, energy drinks of all kinds followed in 2002 when monster beverages (monsters) were marketed in the United States and obtained great success. Energy beverages have been gaining ground in Europe and America since the twenty-first century.
At the end of 1995, the Red Bull entered China to mark the official start of our energy-drinking industry, which has grown rapidly since then, with famous brands such as Red Bull, East Pinot, lugger, body energy, and battle horses emerging. The industry’s characteristics are regional, seasonal, and so forth.
• Periodicity: Energy beverages are readily available for daily consumption by the general public, and consumption demand is more stable and does not have a clear cyclical nature; regional: consumption varies widely between regions in terms of disposable income levels and consumption perceptions, and energy beverage consumption groups are dominated by groups with long working hours and are therefore larger in markets in developed regions where the pace of life is faster; production costs are higher in the beverage industry, while being subject to transport conditions and distribution capacity
Impact, product coverage has a certain regional dimension, seasonality: the second and third quarters are sales seasons, the first and fourth quarters are relatively low-season sales, and sales have a certain seasonality.
Growth in per capita income and consumption: As the population ' s disposable income and consumption levels increase, the per capita consumption of food, tobacco and alcohol, the market for the functional beverages sector continues to grow, the pace of life is accelerating: as the pace of work and life in modern society accelerates, and the consumption of energy beverages such as sports, electric competitions, music festivals, etc., expands, consumers contribute significantly to the sale of energy beverages > energy beverages: in 2014-2019, China ' s energy beverages market grew largely as a result of increased sales.
Large fluctuations, still dependent on growth driven by growth in volume. Industry analysis - market size. Beverages market sizes are growing steadily: in recent years, as the national economy continues to grow steadily, consumption levels of the population rise and consumption structure rises, the beverage industry needs to grow.
\triangleright Energy Beverages Market is growing faster than other beverages in all types of beverages, with a combination of 15% in 2014-2019 and a wide market outlook.
In the early years of development, growth was strong: energy beverages were growing faster in China’s market, although late. In 2019, our energy beverage market was sold at a total of 42,775 million, with a combined increase of 15.02% in 2014-2019, one of the fastest growing sub-groups of beverages.
• From the point of view of rising energy beverages consumption per capita in China, the size of the industry could reach 100 billion yuan if China’s per capita consumption of energy beverages reached the current level in Japan, and 110 billion yuan if the average consumption in the US was 50%. There is room for doubling China’s energy beverage consumption market.
The Pacific Securities Institute organizes industry analysis - patterns of competition, patterns of competition: high concentration, high overall Māori ratio in the industry. We ranked the top four companies in the energy beverage market in 2019 at 88%.
The main players are Tianxing Medicines and Health, Thailand, Wabins, Dali Foods Group, Henan Middle Business Co. Ltd., and others, because of the high market potential.
• Tianxi Medical Health Care Thailand Ltd.: founded in 1956 as a founding company of the global energy beverage leadership brand Red Cow. In the first half of 2019, its products were sold in China at more than $1 billion, covering 227 cities. • Wabin Group: founded in 1984 as an international, diversified, multinational enterprise with industries related to fast digesting, healthy leisure, strategic investment, literature, gold
In 2019, the sales of the Red Cows and the Battle Horses reached $22.3 billion, 1.33 billion, respectively, and the Dari Food Group Ltd.: established in 1993 as a listed company in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with products related to pastry, potato-inflated food, biscuits, cold tea, composite protein beverages and energy beverages. In 2018, the energy beverages under the flag were branded as Quakers.
• Henan Middle Business Co. Ltd.: Established in 2001, energy beverages are branded as “physical energy”. The company has over 4,000 employees, annual production capacity > Tianxi Medical Health Co. Ltd. > Wabing Group
>Dali Food Group Ltd. > Henan Middle Business Co. Ltd. Industry analysis - trends
Electricity and automatic sales channels are growing rapidly, and under-line retail outlets remain the dominant: China’s beverages industry has clearly been characterized in recent years by a diversification of channels, with an increase in the share of beverages sold on vending machines and the Internet, but they remain the main outlets for sales under-line. In 2019, all types of beverages were sold under-line, with over 90 per cent of sales.
The rapid rise of national brands has driven domestic market growth, leading industry innovation: transnational brands have a long history, have a high market profile, and have a relatively large market share. But in recent years, national brands have emerged rapidly, gradually increasing market shares through differentiated product and marketing strategies, driving domestic market growth, and leading the industry to innovation.
Economically developed and more populous provinces have greater production and distribution, and other regions have greater potential: based on differences in levels of economic development, population size and consumption, there are large differences in the production and consumption levels of beverages across regions. Overall, the production and consumption of beverages in economically developed and more populated areas are higher than in other regions.
Consumer acceptance of energy beverages has increased, and awareness of active consumption has increased: as the concept of energy beverage brands has deepened in the consumer community, and as the pace of work and life in modern societies has accelerated, consumer demand for energy beverages has grown and some young consumers have grown into consumption of energy beverages.
At the same time, growing numbers of consumers have been able to buy energy beverages, and market acceptance is increasing. Mobile assets are weak, lagging behind industry averages, either because companies are not listed and are relatively weak in terms of financial resources compared to listed companies, while increasing liabilities such as short-term borrowing.
Figure 38: Comparison of current ratios Figure 39: Comparison of velocity ratios
Receivable turnover: The company is guided by the “pay-to-go” mode of settlement, which is consistent with industry accounting characteristics. The corporate turnover rate is lower than the industry average, influenced by the high turnover rate of individual companies, which is higher than the industry average. Inventory turnover: the stock turnover rate is higher than the same industry average and reflects the firm's good inventory control capacity, which has shown a downward trend in recent years.
Figure 42: Comparison of turnover of accounts receivable
The cost of direct materials amounted to about 84 per cent of the cost: the cost of direct materials increased from 12,708,800 yuan in 2017 to 223,52.25 million yuan in 2020, accounting for the majority of the cost, which remained at about 84 per cent.
White sugar and bottles account for more than 50 per cent of direct material costs: in 2020, 31 per cent of raw material procurement costs were white sugar and 19 per cent of bottled sugar, which together accounted for half of the cost of raw materials
The sales cost rate shows a downward trend: apart from a slight increase in the sales cost rate in 2018, the sales cost rate for the rest of the year has declined year by year, with an overall downward trend.
Companies account for 84% of the annual operating cost of the main business, while the cost of raw materials is 31% white sugar and 19% bottle sugar, which together accounts for about half of the cost. It is expected that next year the price of white sugar and Pete will show upward trends, with companies facing some cost pressures, but, based on past years’ performance, the cost of white sugar will remain high in 2020, and the company will maintain a stable level of Maori through pre-prior lock prices and an increase in the tonnage of its products, so that the company’s 2021-2023 Maori rate is expected to be substantially stable.
>Market competition risks. As industries develop, strong competitors for energy beverages emerge, and competition patterns in future industries change, there are relatively single risks to corporate development. Energy beverage sales account for more than 90% of total company income, and the product structure is relatively homogeneous and vulnerable to changes in policy, food security, and consumer preferences, with adverse effects on the company’s performance.
. Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. The company’s direct materials account for a higher share of the cost, and price fluctuations in raw materials such as white sugar, bottles and caps can have some impact on the company’s production operations and \triangleright profit margin levels.
Changes in the region’s economic structure, market capacity, consumption levels, and preferences will have an impact on the future profitability of the company. At the same time, there is a risk of miscalculation of the local market in the future, along with the expansion of operations.
As the epidemic spreads abroad, the duration and scope of the epidemic are unclear, and its recurrence or further escalation may have a negative impact on the future profitability of companies, or even a downside risk of performance. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, operating securities licence No. 13480,000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or intermittent losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.