Deep-farming energy beverages track, multi-dimensional core competitiveness - East Peng beverages (605499.sh) Energy beverages industry leading business, multi-year deep-cultivated branding
After more than a decade of focusing on the energy-drinking sector, East Pinocchio has become a national brand with a 15% share in 2019, with the second largest market share.
Long, from 2017 to 2020, the revenue from the business of East Peng beverages increased from 2,844 million yuan to 4,959 million yuan, annual compound, high-priced products, improved channel efficiency and competitiveness.
Auyang Woo's sword, a matrix of products, low price prices for corporate products, and a strong advantage in high-value prices. With regard to channels, companies consolidate distribution channels, develop online and direct distribution channels, and develop different models for sub-regional markets.
The core market has a sophisticated operating model, the new regional market has a highly mobile operating model, and the channels have improved, and the channels have supported a gradual decline in sales have remained stable and the overall efficiency of the channels has improved. To benefit from good supply chain control, the company’s efficiency in production and sales has increased significantly, leading to an increase in its efficiency in production and sales.
The company will be able to achieve lower costs in terms of products, more efficient channels, and the company will be in a virtuous environment where profitability will continue to increase. With capacity, two major production bases will be built and the Guangxi Nanning base will be expanded, and production capacity is expected to reach 2024.
2.9 million tons, the expansion of capacity combined with the development of many regional markets throughout the country, will give further impetus to the nationalization of companies, which is expected to take place in the future as the capacity bottlenecks break out, as the demand for company products continues to increase, both in terms of access and production operations.
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, and fast growth. First-time coverage is given to the "Smart Up" rating.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free trader on the 17th floor of the China-China International Center for Free Trade (Sichuan) (CC) B building.
I. Lead company in the energy beverage industry, known brands built for many years. 1.1 The country ' s first energy beverage listing company, formerly Oriental Enterprises Ltd., Shenzhen City, whose main business is the development, production and sale of beverages.
Sold, under the flag, including energy beverages, non-energy beverages, and packaged water, the Middle East pontoon drink series is a company core product. The East porridge beverages industry, developed over more than a decade, currently accounts for 15% of the country's energy beverages market, ranked second, East.
State-owned phase (1987-2003): Dong Peng beverages formerly Shenzhen City Eastern Enterprises Ltd. was established in 1987 as a State-owned company for the production of old-word beverages. As Red Bulls entered the Chinese market, they opened up energy.
The Beverage Market, where Dong Peng introduced the East Peng to the Energy Beverage Market in 1997. In 2003, the current Chairman of the East Peng Beverage Board bought a poor-run East Peng, completed privatization, and the East Peng Beverage Start (2003-2013): in the face of red cow dominance in the country's energy-beverage market, brand competitions were won.
On the other hand, in order to create competition with the Red Cows, the company uses price and package differentiation strategies to promote the brands that it has been able to drink.
Designed to carry dustproof bottled and marketed at a cheaper price than Red Bull. Rapid development phase (2013-present): companies formally enter the national market, target young markets, implement saturated marketing strategies, and introduce a large volume of eastern pontoon products, with market shares and performance being compared.
In 2017-2019, corporate business income increased by 21.65%, and in the period 2017-2019, the parent net profit combined core business grew at a high rate. In the period 2017-2020, business income increased from 2,844 million yuan to 4,959 million yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 20.36%.
The Department ' s core products, which generated 4,655 million yuan or 93.88 per cent of energy beverages throughout 2020; $240 million or 4.84 per cent for incompetent beverages; and 0.41 billion or 0.82 per cent for packaged drinking water.
Driven by a number of factors, such as the continued pace of the strategy and increased end-marketing, the company now earns 1.711 billion yuan in real revenue during the quarter, an increase of 83.37 per cent over the same period. The projected growth in the 2021h1 battalion is expected to be as high as 2017-2020, and the introduction of 500 ml-packed beverages has resulted in a rapid increase in the company ' s energy beverages business.
Long, complex growth rates of 19.39%. East pelican beverages continue to produce drinking water, lemon tea, Chen Pitt drinks, etc. Māori rates are higher and stable at around 49%, and non-energy beverages and packages are lower and on the rise. Energy beverages, non-energy beverages and packagings in 2020
One quarter of a quarter, the main product, East Ponto, received $1.645 billion and the Māori rate rose to 50.64 per cent. Double sales increased, and sales were higher. Companies adopted a marketing model, with 500 ml in total energy beverages from 2017 to 2020, with a stronger alternative to 250 ml gold beverages, 2017-
Ten thousand tons, with sales falling from 4356 million tons to 17.42 million tons; 500 ml gold bottle special drinking product sales continued to rise, rising from 18.4 million tons to 7609 million tons, and sales increased from 15.6 million tons to 734.2 million tons, with an increase of 500 ml gold cans, 250 ml gold canned special drinking, East Plum plus negative, from lemon.
New products such as tea, natural water, and new production lines have been added, new Guangxi production bases have been established in 2018, and the company has also optimized its original production lines, with a continuous flow of 500 ml gold beverages from 7404 million energy beverages in 2017, with faster production and capacity utilization rates.
40.93 per cent increased to 89.12 per cent; the sales of 250ml gold cans dropped faster, with capacity utilization increasing steadily from year to year and gradually releasing capacity, thus contributing to an increase in capacity utilization from 23.80 per cent to 62.89 per cent. The overall capacity utilization rate for energy beverages was higher, reaching 83.52 per cent in 2020, of which 83.52 per cent.
For non-energy beverages, the utilization rate fell from 63.79 per cent to 25.81 per cent between 2017 and 2020, mainly due to the introduction of new products from lemon tea and related expansion of capacity, with non-energy drinking from 2017 to 2020.
The total production capacity rose from 1,001 tons to 3227 tons, and it is expected that as the flow of lemon tea continues, additional production capacity will gradually be absorbed and capacity utilization increased. 1.3 There is still room for improvement in profitability.
High, higher than the fragrance, the German shares and the Vivi shares, which are close to the Māori rate of Inde Luulu and the Māori for the Marquis. But there is still some room, compared to the Māori level of about 60% of the monster beverages at the head of the global energy beverage market, mainly because the company’s main product, Dong Puant, is drinking high prices, resulting in a high price-for-money route.
The Māori rate is low; on the other hand, the relatively small size of the beverages in the United States, which sells first-ever monster drinks, amounts to $30 billion, and the scale effect will contribute to a further increase in the company ' s Māori rate in the future as the company ' s market share rises.
Over 30%, based on the specific split of Roe, changes in company roe levels are mainly due to a change in profitability over time costs, while the management, R & D and financial costs rates of 207-2021q1 are stable and sales costs are reduced considerably.
By comparison, the rate of management costs for the beverages of the dung beverages has remained at around 4%, below the average for the same industry, such as the fragrance, the wiener shares, and the German shares. The cost of company sales is higher than the average for the industry, mainly in advertising, and as revenue continues to rise, the share of advertising marketing costs has gradually declined and the cost of sales has declined.
Figure 7: Summary of company roe splits Figure 8: Cost rates for company periods Figure 9: Sustained decline in company sales costs
1.4 The equity incentive scheme enhances the stability of the management team. The company’s equity is concentrated.
The equity incentive scheme enhances team stability. To create long-term incentives to fully motivate middle- and senior-level managers and enhance core competitiveness, the company has set up a equity incentive scheme through a replenishment.
In total, 10 million shares have been awarded to the company. The East Peng Road, the East Peng Dynasty, and the East Peng Dynasty have held 2.05% of the stock.
2.1 The energy beverages industry is growing rapidly, and the beverage industry is growing steadily and the market is growing steadily. The beverage industry is becoming more mature, the market is larger and the overall growth is lower, and there is a large number of brands covering the market at the lower end of high schools.
Soft beverage production amounted to 163 million tons, a decrease of 7.97% from the previous year, and a combined increase of 40 billion in the energy beverage market for the five-year period from 2016 to 2020. Our energy beverage industry is growing rapidly.
According to the Chinese industry, the market for energy beverages was 40.4 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 12.22 per cent in the same year, and is expected to be 45 billion yuan in 2020. According to the Eurys International data, the sales of energy beverages accounted for the total amount of our beverage market as of 2019.
7.92% of sales, ranked fifth. At the same time, the size of the energy beverage market increased at a combined rate of 13.55% between 2014 and 2019, ranking first among the nine subsectors in the beverage industry, with the energy beverage market at the rate shown in figure 14: sales in the beverage market in China as a percentage of sales in all categories
2.2 The energy beverages sector has a high market concentration, with a high concentration of 92% in the energy beverages sector. The energy beverages sector as a whole has increased from 79.4% to 82.0%.
The highest rate was 57% in Red Bull City; the second highest in Dong Peng, 15% in the city; and the third highest in Xuehu, 10% in the city. As Red Cows competed for trademarks, size stagnated, other businesses in the energy and beverage industry gained more room for development, the share of the Red Cow market was declining in 2016-2019, and the share of the East Pants market was falling.
We have a small per capita consumption of energy beverages and a large market space. According to Ewyn International, we consume less energy per capita and less per capita consumption of beverages than in countries like the United States, Japan, the United Kingdom, etc.
There is also a gap between Hong Kong, China, and China. As of 2019, per capita use of functional beverages in mainland China was 2.2 litres, well below the United States level of 24.6 litres; per capita consumption of functional beverages was $6.2 dollars, representing only 8.6% of per capita consumption in the United States, and China had a low energy beverage penetration rate, with market space.
The size of the consumption of energy beverages is expanding. The consumption of energy beverages is dominated by gymnastics, long hours of work, the number of people who have often participated in physical exercise in recent years, and the average number of employed persons working longer.
Continuing growth, driving the rise in the size of the energy beverages market, the size of our sports and fitness population has continued to grow, with the number of regular participants in physical exercise rising from 380 million to 430 million between 2010 and 2019, at a compound rate of 1.52 per cent.
According to the National Statistics Office, the average number of employed workers in the country from June 2018 to November 2020 was calculated. As our people became more aware of physical fitness and worked longer hours, they consumed energy drinks.
Development of new consumption scenes. In addition to continuing marketing on traditional consumption scenes, energy beverages are also active in expanding new consumption scenes, gradually including gatherings, travels, daily health care, etc.
Since it came to the market in 2017, sponsorship of electric competitions and clubs, with a focus on young consumers, new consumption scenes, continued development has generated a stronger growth momentum in the battle horses, with a 4 per cent share in the battle horses market in 2019, ranking as the average annual per capita expenditure on the consumption of beverages rose from $97.3 to $131.2, with an average annual compound increase.
6.16 per cent. Higher per capita income provides the impetus for the growth of energy beverages consumption, which is projected to be in the energy beverage city, where our per capita cash consumption expenditure on beverages is in dollars. III. High-value products, improved efficiency of channels to build competitiveness
3.1 High value-for-product convergence strategies provide a strong competitive basis for the deep-farming energy beverages industry, which continuously optimizes the layout of its products.
In the meantime, the overall volume of East Pontoon is increasing at a higher rate, with a growing market share, reaching 15% as of 2019, ranking second. The East Peng beverages are also driving the product forward.
The diversification strategy, from 2018 to 2019, introduced the natural water of Orang Peng, with lemon tea and repackaging of Chen Pitt. At present, Chen Pitt drinks with lemon tea as the company’s non-energy beverages earner at $240 million, rising from 3.63 per cent in 2017 to 4.84 per cent in 2020.
Figure 25: Business income and share of non-energy beverages (millions of dollars) Figure 26: Sales and acceleration of non-energy beverages (tonnes) Figure 27: Summary of roll-out of main products of beverages
There are three types of packaging: bottled (400ml, 1.25l), canned (330ml), boxed (250ml). Oiled with physical fresh lemon juice. Boxed (250ml), canned (310ml), bottled with lemon tea
Three packing types (330ml, 380ml, 555ml). 750ml bottling packaging potable water
The natural water of the East Poon, the strategy of high value-for-product convergence, provides a strong competitiveness. At present, the East Peng beverages have been phased out with different packages of East Peng, such as 250 ml/500 ml gold bottles, 250 ml gold cans, 250 ml bricks, etc.
Products, and derivatives, provide consumers with a variety of options. To distinguish from red cows, the Division has designed a pet bottle package with dustproof caps - a gold bottle special, which has the advantage of being hygienic, convenient, and more portable, in comparison to a canned package.
In the case of target consumers, the company has developed a strategy of “rejuvenation of brands” with the branding idea of “Young to Wake up” focusing on young people aged 18-30 and promoting energy-drinking drinks.
The company's products are priced low enough and more expensive. East Ponto drinks 250 ml-sized bottles, cans and cans.
The dollar is priced at a lower price than any other branded product in the industry. According to the composition of the ingredient, the drink of East Ponto is consistent with the content of every 250 ml of the red cow, especially with regard to the main component of the energy drink that plays a significant role on the side of the ecstasy, which is higher than the leopard and institutional capacity.
Products such as Quantities, Horses, etc., are more likely to drink on the main and other active ingredients than on the domestic version. The Quantities and miniatures are more powerful, and less expensive, to be effective in creating a stronger alternative to the energy drink track.
The value-for-money strategy worked well. In 2017, the company introduced 500 ml in large-volume gold bottles, while using a high-value-for-money strategy, which reduced the price of terminal retail instructions from $1.2 to $1 per unit of 100 ml.
The sales unit price continued to decline, from $5.48/kg to $4.30/kg, of which the average unit price for the 250ml gold bottle dropped to $4.71/kg, and the unit price for the 500ml gold bottle sale fell to $4.20/kg. The volume of the gold bottle special drink increased rapidly, with the volume of the 500ml gold bottle special drink from 1.56 between 2017 and 2020.
Under the alternative packaging design, 500-ml gold cans have a lower price, higher value for money, more competitive cores, which are the main drivers of growth in corporate performance, 2021q1 business income has continued to grow significantly, and 500-ml gold cans have continued their previous good sales momentum, promoting corporate revenue collection and profit rules.
3.2 Optimize distribution systems, improve marketing efficiency, strengthen distribution channels, and develop online and direct distribution channels.
In China, China, China, East, South-West, North-East, and other newly developed regional markets, companies have largely increased regional market coverage, and the number of regional distributors has continued to grow, from China, China, East, South-West, and North-East, respectively, in 2017.
180, 185, 92, 193, up to 303, 289, 281, 283 in 2020. In the Guangdong market, where penetration rates and market shares are high, companies continue to optimize distribution networks, the number of dealers in the Guangdong region declined in 2019, the growth trend resumed in 2020 and the average sales of distributors resumed in 2020
Figure 33: Average sales by distributor (millions of yuan/house) 3.2.1 Corporate channels support gradual decline, sales remain stable and overall efficiency of channels improve, from the point of view of the company ' s declining share of business income due to sales returns and discounts
While the turnover rate of the division has not declined, we believe that the channels are good and the overall efficiency of the channels has been enhanced without substantial subsidy support from the company.
3.2.2 Focus on marketing network management and develop different models in subregional markets
The company continues to operate in the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, and East China, increasing the company’s market penetration, increasing the market share of its products, and promoting a steady increase in market sales in the regions concerned. On the other hand, in new regional markets, such as North-West and South-West, the company has adopted large-scale markets.
The operating model provides the distributors with the necessary guidance to help expand the market. At present, Guangdong has become the largest market for companies, generating 2,751 million yuan in 2020, or 55.74 per cent, and Guangxi, China, China, and China, respectively, $521 million, 558, 499 million, or 10.55 per cent, respectively.
The higher rate of increase in sales in the multi-area market and the management of good products and channels have led to a steady increase in profit from the pipeline, with the exception of gold cans, the average price of each packaged packaged packaged for East Peng. As of 2020, 250 ml remained stable.
The average price for gold cans is $1.18, 500 ml gold cans 2.10, for bricks 0.86, and the average price for gold cans dropped from 1.80 to 1.38.
154.64 per cent, 500 ml gold bottles at 137.95 per cent, gold cans at 190.56 per cent, and gold bricks at 132.69 per cent. The gross profit rate for Red Cow sales plus terminals is calculated at about 70 per cent, and for farmers at around 100-200 per cent, in functional beverages.
In the industry, the overall level of profitability of the ESP series is higher.
In the period 2017-2020, the company increased its advance payments from $93 million to $575 million, and the contribution of advance payments to operating income continued to rise.
The share of pre-collected accounts is on average in the same industry, and the proportion of pre-receipt accounts received from farmers' mountain springs, integrated head companies, is continuously rising at 3.2.4 Saturated marketing strategies, with companies focusing on brand promotion inputs and marketing on-line in a multi-dimensional, comprehensive and saturated manner
In addition to traditional channels such as television, buses, subways, billboards in public places, new marketing models such as the Internet, video implants, sports competitions, etc., have been introduced. Compared to comparable companies in the industry, the marketing fee for the marketing of beverages is higher than for the business as a whole, in 2017.
At the industry average, the cost of advertising for companies has remained stable, with 482 million yuan in 2018, mainly sponsored live by companies in cooperation with a number of television stations during the Russian World Cup, 345 million yuan in annual advertising, close to 385 million yuan in 2017 and contaminated in 2020.
The impact of this has been a reduction in corporate advertising, and the advertising bill generated in the same year fell to 284 million dollars. Figure 34: A review of the commercial marketing programme for the year's beverages. High advertising costs under saturated marketing strategies.
Thanks to the good supply chain controls of companies, the efficiency of firms in production and sales has increased significantly, thereby enabling them to achieve lower costs in products, higher efficiency in channels, a virtuous circle for companies, and a sustained increase in profitability.
The company is mainly bottling on the overpack, which would be less expensive than the can, but more demanding for the end; we've drawn on the domestic and foreign beverage company, where prices in the functional beverage industry have been reduced at a stage of industry maturity, largely slowly, and cost controls are excellent here.
Corporate production costs continue to fall. Average energy beverages and packaged drinking water produced by the company from 2017 to 2020 fell as the company increased its production, with the average cost of energy beverages running from 2.73 yuan per kilogram.
The average production cost for packaged drinking water fell from 0.90 to 0.47 per kilogram. The average cost for non-energy beverages rose, mainly with the introduction of new products from lemon tea, which had not yet been fully released, resulting in higher unit production costs.
The ratio of costs to sales unit costs has been maintained for energy beverages sales from 2017 to 2020 at a rate of around 50 per cent, with non-energy beverage sales recovering to 92.82 per cent after rising to 106.43 per cent in 2018 and expected future non-energy beverage sales as lemon teas are released.
The rate of entry costs is expected to decrease further, with sales income falling from 137.62 per cent in 2017 to 83.67 per cent in the case of potable water packaged, mainly due to the continued release of fresh natural water, rising yields and declining costs for the production of beverages in the East.
(b) The distribution network is becoming more sophisticated, the channels are profitable, pre-receivables continue to grow, marketing efficiency is increasing significantly, and the efficiency of the company's production is improving;
Led by the end of the sale, the company ' s production ends also show a good business trend, with raw materials accounting for 35.13 per cent of inventory and stocks for 49.85 per cent of inventory over the years 2017-2020.
The overall efficiency of the company ' s production is continuously improving when the product is produced from the former reserve.
In recent years, the volume of company products has continued to grow, and the company has continued to increase to meet the demand for growing production capacity and to cover new markets.
To upgrade the production capacity, the company now has a number of production bases, namely, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, and pelicans. From 2017 to 2020, with the inauguration of the Guangxi Nanning production base and the construction of new production lines, the capacity of the company rose from 7404 million tons to 17.773 million tons, with energy and drink production rising from 57.38 million tons.
129.09 million tons of non-energy beverages, the capacity of which rose from 1,001 million tons to 32.27 million tons, and the capacity utilization of packaged drinking water was saturated. The company plans to build two new production bases, Hua Peng and Yan Peng, as well as a second phase of construction of the Nanning production base, which is expected to reach 2.9 million tons in 2024.
New production capacity will help companies to ease production bottlenecks, ensure competitive capacity, output and products, and sustain expansion in national markets. Rapid product flows, both through channels and through production operations, demand for corporate products and production and marketing
Efficiency continues to improve, companies are in a virtuous circle, and the future is expected to be nationalized and rapidly growing as capacity bottlenecks break through. The first coverage is given an “uptake” rating. The epidemic repeatedly affects companies’ operations;
The method is to produce this report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.