Researchchand developmentcenter Industrial innovation pioneer, focused on value for money advantage
On June 10th, 2021, industrial innovation pioneers focused on the advantage of value for money.
In 2020, East Peng beverages (605499) reached 45.2 billion yuan and sold 2.25 billion litres of energy beverages, which were collected in 2015-2020.
The combination rate of growth reached 11.5 per cent, and the market share rose to 9.3 per cent per year, as the native brand, long-deepening of the regional market in the Guangdong region, creating a strong regional advantage, with a combined income rate of 20.4 per cent between 2017 and 2020, and a combination of net profit gains of 21.4 per cent, which grew rapidly into the country.
Inner markets have the second-largest brand of energy beverages. With the advantage of high price differentials, the company will be able to replicate in the northern region the fast Guangdong model market. We expect the year 2021-2023 to be 63/48/37 times the city's rate, and the company is in a high-growth energy beverage track, gathering and earning faster.
In 2009, the company launched a patent design for pet plastic bottles and unique dustproof caps, with differentiated products packaged in a unique way in the market.
The market for canned packaging of energy beverages products is limited and more compatible with the needs of Chinese consumers for drinking. In the same packaging, the price of company products is only half that of red cows, but the main functional content is consistent with red cows, reflecting a very high value-for-money advantage, attracting a group of blue-collar consumers and a public.
As consumer demand for energy beverages rises, the company’s 500ml products quickly gain consumer preferences, and the size of the firm grows rapidly.
The Division worked decisively with top national and international sports pips to deepen sports marketing, from football pips to small sports competitions, to electric competitions, around young consumers, and successfully upgraded brand visibility with the "Young to Wake Up" brand.
The recent month has seen an increase or decline (%) in the number of mainstream cinematographys, supported by frequent roll-out and high-intensity branding memory. In 2015, the Department spearheaded a sweep-and-scan marketing experience, which is being used to keep consumers updated every year.
The share of the share in circulation a (%) increases the repurchase rate by continuing to participate in the activity. In addition, the company adds a cash discount to the terminal shop, improves its knowledge of end-door sales and enhances the motivation of end-user sales.
By borrowing the code, the company has achieved consumer information retention, using red-bag platforms and micro-publics to look forward to the future, the red bull boom continues, and the northern market is the key to the company’s development. Since 2016, the red cow copyright boom has continued, with three red cow products currently in the market, creating difficulties for consumers’ choices.
Disturbing, and this is an opportunity for East Peng to thrive. As a result of the long-deeping south of the Yangtze River market, the company’s northern city is still weak and will be replicated through channels in the Guangdong region in the future, or will continue to grow rapidly. Risk factors: policy risks; risks of changing consumption preferences; and risks to food safety.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
As the intensity of work increases, contemporary workers are increasingly using energy beverages to resist fatigue, and the energy beverage market is rapidly developing. The market believes that the Dong Peng is stronger in the Guangdong and surrounding markets, but is still weak in the North and the Southwest, and there are doubts as to whether the Guangdong model can be successfully replicated in the North.
In our view, there is a difference between the doppelganger and the red cow, where consumers are more urban white collars, and the doppelganger, where the blue-collar workers have a demand for value for sex, and the development of the doppelganger from south to north does not create a positive competition with the red bull. Currently, the doppelganger has a certain brand profile, with a stronger brand than the same brand in the middle and lower price bands of the main layout.
The key is the construction of channels, especially staffing, channel profits, and the ability of the market to boost its brand, which has not accelerated in the next three years or will accelerate the pace in the north. Energy beverage consumption has yet to increase.
The market for drinks is dominated by packaging drinking water, i.e. tea and juice. There is still a big gap between China’s consumers’ annual consumption of energy beverages and their annual consumption in the United States and Japan.
The key is to capture the northern blue-collar class. During the year, the consumption peaks are usually concentrated in the second and third quarters, mainly in summer, where high temperatures bring consumer demand, as are energy beverages. Southern markets have a higher demand for beverage than northern markets, and are the leading and easy markets for all kinds of beverage companies. For more than two decades, Red Bulls have succeeded in nurturing consumer-to-energy beverages.
As national income rises, the blue-collar class is becoming a potential user of high-priced beverages. Therefore, the opening of future markets in the North is key to raising the market share of local brands.
Consumer consumption of energy beverages is still in the basic stage, with a greater scope for future upgrading. Thirdly, the advantage of long-term beverages can help to replicate their market share in the North.
In 2003, the company completed the transformation of the company from the state to private stock companies. The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of drinks, the main products of which are the doppelgangers, lemon tea, Chen Pitt, and packaged drinks.
Water, etc. Its Middle Eastern pontoon is the dominant product of the company. In 2009, the energy beverages bottle age was launched, gaining ground with the branded "Young to Wake Up" and is now ranked second in the country's energy beverage market. The company is a new retail explorer and implementer, based on the Internet, using big data, two-dimensional technologies, etc., for product production, and for camping.
Marketing and channel management has been upgraded, and precision management and precision marketing has progressed to form production bases in the major areas of the country, such as Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi, where there are more than 1,000 distributors and sales networks covering some 1.2 million terminals nationwide have been poorly run and are on the verge of collapse.
At the same time, as Red Bulls marched into the Chinese market, bringing the concept of energy beverages to consumers, there was a domestic rush to pursue energy beverages. In 1997, the company launched the East Pine to enter the energy beverage market, but it was constrained by a system of state corporations that delayed the company’s plans to move to the national market.
1.2 2003-2015: The private transformation was successful, the bottling era began, the company was converted to a state-owned business, and the cost of developing the seed money accumulated. In 2003, the state allowed state-owned capital to withdraw from the general competitive sector, and the company was transformed into a “state-owned conversion” through “employee-stocking”.
After a change in the management of past state companies and the strengthening of cost controls, and with many years of experience in the beverage industry, the choice was made to promote their products in such popular markets as Shenzhen and Guangzhou, thereby radiating the entire Guangdong market, leading the business through its most difficult period, helping to complete the original capital accumulation of the company’s development.
Until 2009, companies focused on the beverages industry, although diverse, with less distinctive product characteristics and lack of competitive advantage. Faced with the energy beverage market, the Big Brother Red Bull decided to adopt a strategy of different packaging and price differentiation, and designed plastic packagings with dustproof caps that are less expensive than metal cans.
Under the banner of “The same quality, retail prices are only half that of others”, bottled East Pont drinks, as a big black horse, into a highly competitive energy-drinking market. After 2010, sales of bottled East Pengts increased rapidly. In 2012, the sales of East Pengts in East Peng broke out by hundreds of millions.
In 2013, the company signed the contract to act as its spokesperson for the country’s operations, while marketing its brands in a multi-dimensional, comprehensive, and saturated manner by sponsoring large sporting events such as the World Cup, advertising in a variety of mixed art programmes and video productions. During the year, the number of people drinking from Dong Pengte reached 900 million. In 2014, the company was at Ann’s side.
The logo created a third large production base, expanding the northern market simultaneously, and opening the way to a national business arrangement.
1.3 2015-present: rejuvenation of branding, skirmishing of the energy beverages market, rejuvenation of the market, multidimensional marketing. As sales increase, the market expands, so do the East Peng beverages.
In 2015, a brand rejuvenation strategy was formalized, with Internet-based multi-dimensional marketing and communication with young people. In 2016, the brand idea of “Young to Wake up” was introduced, and a new form of “better sticker” advertising was created. In 2018, Dong Yongte drank heavily of the gold layout sports marketing, relying on the Chinese Super and World Cup competitions to raise visibility.
In 2017, the company introduced 500 ml gold bottling products, promoted in the regions of Chinadong, China North and Southwest, and gradually marketed on a national scale, rapidly gaining consumer preferences on the basis of value for money, leading to a rapid increase in corporate overall sales revenue. The company’s market share also rose, and by 2020 it became a domestic market.
The second energy beverage brand. 2. The growth core: the diversity of packaging, the diversification of marketing, the stability of the management of 2.1 companies and the dynamism of equity incentives
Family holding, stable equity structure. Corporate ownership is concentrated, and the chairman holds 199 million shares directly in the company and 3.99 million shares indirectly in the company through investment, Far East Road, Far East Peng, and East Peng Qing Qing, together holding 203 million shares in the company, or 50.74%, as shareholders in the company and as actual controllers.
It is a fraternal relationship with Lin Daichen, an uncle's relationship; Chen Wei-min, a partner in Dong Peng and Chen Hai-ming, an investment partner in Chen Heung-ming, a brother of Chen Hei-ming and Chen Wee-ming, a husband and wife of the forest wood; Chen Kwou, a limited partner in Dong-hwan, a brother of the husband of the forest wood port; and Jung Ji-yong, a partner in Dong Yong-kyeong-do, a shareholder in the forest wood field.
Stock incentives are completed before listing, and core managers are tied to corporate interests. During the critical period of rapid company growth, the equity incentive scheme will be implemented in April of the year and May of 2019, with three member platforms, East Peng Far Road, East Peng Farn Farn, and East Peng Tseng, respectively. A total of 132 core managers contributed, with a total shareholding rate of 1.85%.
2.2 The product is packaged differently, and the main market value of the pet bottle plus the dust cover is packaged differently, in line with Chinese consumption habits.
The main difference between the pet bottle and the can is that when the can is open, it needs to be consumed once, while the pet bottle can be filled with lids and easily carried. Because of the large differences between Chinese and foreigners in shape and body, foreigners consume more energy beverages, usually 250 ml at a time.
Even 500 ml, which is mainly in cans; on the contrary, it is difficult for Chinese to drink 250 ml of energy drink at once, and it is necessary to drink it in instalments, so the pet bottle is more in line with Chinese drinking habits.
Fig. 8: More expensive than Red Cows, 500 ml and 250 ml gold cans are introduced each year, mainly for different consumers. Unlike Red Cows, a group of white-collar consumers has been raised, and East Peng is favoured by blue-collar workers for a bottle of 250 ml.
As the blue-collar class’s labor intensity rises, the demand for energy beverages rises daily, with 500-ml gold bottles with a “high head” specification, and a large bottle of wine, gradually becoming the company’s largest share. The retail price is $5, which is also lower than that of the red cow.
In 2020, the company launched a product, the "East Ping-Pong" , to add a carbon-acid bubble to the energy-drink base, and to create a first air-bearing energy drink under the flag.
Consumers have nurtured the idea that energy beverages are gas-free, while global magic claws are gas-free, and when they enter China in 2016, they have not succeeded in opening the market, but have also created new taste options for China’s energy beverage market. Bubbles are added to the taste bud, creating a unique taste, which is all for energy beverage consumers.
The new experience, particularly in the last two years, has seen a very rapid growth in air-borne drinks such as bubble water and soda, and a growing audience among consumer groups. In 2021, the company re-launched a sugar-free energy drink, “0 sugar-free” and followed consumer trends in demand for healthy “sugar-free” drinks. Both products help to address the risks of higher corporate dependence on a single product, as well as through the product portal.
Non-energy beverage products are diversified from regional markets to the whole country. Companies have been focusing on the beverage industry, although current energy drinking includes lemon tea, Chen Pittt, cool drinks (corrotan tea, watermelon juice, tea) and milky drinks.
In addition to lemon tea, the rest of the beverages are sold mainly in Guangdong and the surrounding provinces to strengthen local markets. This includes lemon lemon tea, which was launched on a small scale in 2017, wide-scale nationwide promotion in 2019, the lemon tea market, which was frozen after the outbreak was broken by a change of packaging in 2020, and a new packaging and branding proposition, as well as a combination of supersigns and superfamous proverbs, which gives greater visibility to the light.
The impact, using the Queen and the King's image in a poker game as the main visual, is reminiscent, more responsive to the emotional needs and aesthetic demands of the current drinking industry, more recognizable and more reminiscent.
Soccer is the world's number-one sport, with Dong Pooter drinking, on the one hand, quickly replenishing the strength and energy of the players, and on the other hand, the "Young to Work" brand spirit is naturally compatible with the struggle of the football movement. In March 2018, when the Red Bull fell into a trademark dispute, Dong Poot took over the Red Bull to become the Chinese Super Bowl.
In the same year, the company, using the Russian World Cup as an opportunity, invested about $165 million in cooperation with the central television station, the Guangdong Sports Channel, today’s headlines, and excellent media platforms, sponsoring live broadcasts, advertising, content operations, and sponsoring the Portuguese National Team, which successfully upgraded its brand image. After the World Cup ended, football remained hot.
The company also has a more detailed layout for other sports, such as the 2015 Tung Peng drinking in partnership with the Chinese women's platoon, which helps to separate Chinese women from each other.
Twelve years later, he returned to his peak, and he was also involved in hunting dry-land hockey, as well as in small sports such as the China Super Rover Championships, the World Drones Championships, and the Wta Joble Sea tennis elites, which generated a sense of interest among young people. The high rejuvenation of the electric races and their strong consumer capacity also allowed Dong Peng to re-drink in the field of electric competitions, on the eve of the season in the lpl-Holmong team.
Dong Peng was officially an official partner of the Royal Electronics Club Heroes Alliance Rng in 2018, while at the same time conducting a large number of outreach activities on Internet cafes and other locations with a high concentration of electric competitions, deeply tied to Rng's designated official capacity, figure 15: Working together with top sports at home and abroad
Soccer ip is deeply integrated, small crowds have a lot of things to do, creative ads are implanted, and they take over the mainstream viewing. In recent years, Dong Peng has been exploring innovative models in the production of dramas.
In the Old Nine, in 2016, Dong Pooter drank the first Band-Aid, and interacted with the audience in the form of a screen, allowing advertising to become content, destabilizing and innovating the implantation of marketing models, and the subsequent video-multicultural marketing gave a good headline. The Department used the playing-screen interactive format in such hot plays as Old Nine, The People’s Name, and then sponsored Dear Hot.
A lot of annual dramas, such as Love, And Home, have become a hot topic for the Internet. Dong Ponte always plays with young people, sponsoring a wide range of dramas, ranging from video games, youth relationships, to inspirational work, social history, etc., creating a special collection of young people. In addition to popular movies, Dong Peng has been drinking the title "Sunday Up, The Happy Player" and so on.
In just a few years, East Pine drinks have become known to a wide range of consumers.
Figure 17: Mainstream cinematographic implants, frequent wide-spreading, high-intensity branding memory. In addition to “high-altitude advertising” in areas that enhance brand image, such as visualization, security, video-encouraging, etc., companies have focused on strengthening the “ground” that is closer to consumers on a daily basis and more frequent in contact with consumers.
An earlier two-dimensional marketing campaign was introduced to create interaction with consumers. In 2015, East Pinters spearheaded a new marketing experience to scan bottle caps for two-dimensional win-wins for red bags, and each year it was new, and in 2019 it started a "one dollar-enjoy" in-kind exchange.
In 2021, corporate activity changed again, and red packages were not directly accounted for, but issued at the time of repurchase, further enhancing consumers’ willingness to buy back. With the launch of the "four-yard connection" product, the company’s new terminal discount campaign in 2020 was better informed about the end-door sales.
Increases the motivation of end-user sales. From 2018 to 2020, total discounts on company cleaning sales accounted for the company ' s discounts, respectively. Figure 21: Year-on-year change in sales promotion activities. Figure 22: Change in the composition of discounts from year to year by year
Analyses user data, and supports marketing strategies. Through a big one-size data engine, Dong Poot drinks the line-scan users to their microfiche publics, and then continues to operate with them through late and continuous marketing activities, creating a marketing loop. Currently, Tung Poot drinks the microscopic publics with more than 10 million followers, thus enabling consumer information to be preserved.
In 2017, the company created a dedicated back-office development team, which became a 40-person company with its own platform, but also its capacity to build a platform. At the same time that the user's mind is being occupied, it completes the accumulation of user data and analyses the user's “original data, scenes” in real time through the large data engine's user image system.
Viewing data, behavioral data, transactional data, full implementation of user classification, membership classification, privilege stratification, content as the core driving force of the community and full integration into the ocean of social marketing.
There are three marketing companies from Guangdong Radiological Nation. The company started in Guangdong Region, which, after years of market development, has established a strong regional branding influence and competitive market advantage, and the Guangdong Region, which has close to 60% of corporate revenue, has a separate marketing company.
Currently, companies are less permeable in the northern market, with their main operations and personnel concentrated south of the Yangtze River, in the central markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong and Hua, mainly based on a model of good company farming, while in other regions they are mainly based on a model of high circulation, where experienced and powerful distributors work together, with distributors primarily responsible for terminal maintenance and terminal maintenance.
Figure 24: National marketing arrangement for East Pont, Figure 25: National division of company, East Peng beverages
National marketing. National direct sales. Chinese business.
China East Department, Southwest Department, China's top clientele.
Kawasaka's priority client department, China East's priority client department, Southwest's priority client department.
North China, North China, Shenzhen.
East Shore, Fushan, Hainan.
Figure 26: Guangdong region ' s income ratio is nearly 60 per cent. Figure 27: Distribution of distributors in Guangdong and the country
On the one hand, beverage products tend to be more consumer-sensitive, traditional petty stores, conveniences, etc.
In addition, the higher weight of beverages and the higher freight costs of on-line purchases result in company beverages being sold mostly under-line. For many years, markets and consumers have been marketed through experienced marketing teams with distributors, postmanies, wholesalers, and end-doors.
By the end of 2020, there were more than 1,600 company dealers, more than 50,000 postman and wholesaler and 1.2 million terminal stores, including 1,376 dealers outside Guangdong, some 40,000 postman and wholesaler and more than 900,000 terminal stores.
In mature markets, in principle, the largest range of distributors is a county-level market, while in the development market, in principle, the largest range of distributors is a local level.
City; in more empty markets, dealers can operate across the local level. In addition, corporate distributors are exclusive. Figure 30: The number of company terminal stores still has room for upgrading. 3. China’s energy drink starts late, and the industry grows faster.
3.1 Energy beverages are special-purpose beverages that contain a certain amount of energy and add appropriate nutrients or other specific ingredients that can be found in the United Kingdom as the first generation of energy drinks for the year ' s lucozade, where the red cow was born in Thailand in 1966.
After that, all kinds of energy beverages came to life. In 2002, the monster beverages (Monsters) were marketed in the United States and made great success, and energy beverages became stronger in Europe and America since the twenty-first century. Energy beverages have now become an important segment of the beverage industry, and they have been growing steadily and steadily. Our energy beverage market has started late.
In China, the content of energy beverages is strictly required, as well as the terms used to promote them. Usually, the formula for energy beverages consists of two types of ingredients: special fractions and general ingredients, with special ingredients such as sulfonic acid, caffeine, and vitamin b. In China, coffee.
Due to the inclusion of psychopharmaceuticals under national control, according to the standard gb2760 for the use of food additives, except for cola carbonate beverages, caffeine additives are required for foods other than those subject to health-care diets (commonly known as “blue hats”). Energy beverages that are not covered by healthy foods are usually replaced by fast-settled coffee powder and Guarana extraction fluids in formulas.
There are 28 health-care food functions approved by the State, which include “resistance” promoted by energy beverages. For products that have no signs of health-care food, it is a violation to publicize their effects in advertising and product presentations, and it is suspected that energy beverages are intended primarily for groups of people who are often tired, drained, and work in a high degree of intensity.
For 30 million truck drivers in China, the China Truck Division, published by the China Charitable Institute, was the largest user in the year. In general, truck drivers work hard, with an average of 42.1% driving per day for 8-12 small hours and 9.2% driving for more than 12 hours.
10.8 Hours. Since the introduction of car services in 2010, China’s Internet car industry has grown rapidly.
As a result, for 80% of white-collars, overtime is normal, with only 18.05% of white-collars not working. The highest number of white-collars working three hours per week, 10 hours per week and more than 20%. This means that overtime has become widespread and that the 996/995 work system is spreading.
According to the 2020 National Economic and Social Development Statistics Bulletin, the total number of peasant workers in the country was 286 million in 2020, with a large number of farmers working in large urban sites and manufacturing jobs, with a higher intensity of manual work. (4) The student population alleviates long-term learning pressures. 3.2 Energy drink lanes expand rapidly.
Energy beverages are one of the most rapidly growing and relatively high unit prices. China's beverage market has been dominated by packaging drinking water, i.e. tea and juice drinks, and energy beverages have been late in starting. In 1995, the Red Bulls entered the Chinese market and gradually developed, with a smaller share of income. Since 2015, energy beverages have grown rapidly, and incomes have increased at a higher rate.
Millions of yuan, or 2.25 billion litres of sales, and the share of the market up to 9.3% per year, energy beverage prices are relatively high in all beverage classes, after coffee. In 2020, per capita consumption of energy beverages in China was only one-eighth in the United States, one-fifth in Japan, one-fifth in Japan, and with energy, one-two in Japan.
There is still much room for increasing consumption per capita in the country. Figure 35: Energy beverage income in the lead-up to beverage plate 2015-2020 Figure 37: Energy beverage income in the drink as a whole rises from year to year
Figure 38: Energy beverage unit prices are relatively high Figure 39: U.S. energy beverage consumption per capita is about nine times that of China Figure 40: U.S. energy beverage consumption per capita is more than five times that of China
The red cow has long dominated the main market, and Tung Peng has re-emerged its own brand. Because of its early entry into the Chinese market, the brand looks like the consumer’s mind for many years, and has long dominated the Chinese energy and beverages market.
The break between the two companies began in 2016, when Tianxy announced a licence contract for the Red Cow brand, which was lost in the first instance. Then the Wabin Cows launched a new energy beverage battle horse, and the Tianx Cows joined the new Chinese market partners to introduce the red Cow Anaki and Red Cow smell. Red Cow sales stagnated after 2016 as a result of the red Cow trademark contest.
In the meantime, it offers an opportunity for local products to move quickly into the eyes of consumers and to capture the dividends of the expansion of the industry. Among these, it is more innovative, invests in wide-ranging costs, and has a long-term deep-seated market, with a stronger regional roots, fast-tracking indigenous brands and becoming the second-largest energy beverage brand in the domestic market.
Looking ahead, blue-collar consumption competition is key. Because of the length of time Red Bull branding, brand power has a certain advantage, with relatively high price fixing, mainly for white-collar consumers. The success of East Plum is to compete differently from Red Cows, to capture the blue-collar class through value-for-money advantage, and to open markets quickly on the “rural siege of cities” route.
Its brand image causes certain damage, while the doppelganger will take time to sink, and in the short term there will be no overlap between the two consumers. Over the years, red bulls have been better developed for white-collar consumers, while the blue-collar class has just begun to touch energy drinks, and the future market for energy beverages depends more on the growth of blue-collar consumers.
In the future, the blue-collar class contest in the North is the key to changing industry patterns. 4. Production capacity expands faster and secures national sales.
With the rapid growth of the energy beverages industry and the company’s accumulated competitive advantages over the years in terms of products, production, brands, channels, the company’s operations have continued to grow. At present, the company has six major production bases, mainly south of the Yangtze River.
The company’s entire product line capacity is currently estimated at 1.8 million tonnes/year, with 83,52% energy beverages, of which 89.12% are used in the main product, 500ml gold cylinders, and with the expansion of the company’s size, the capacity utilization rate is about to reach saturation, and the contradiction of capacity deficit is becoming increasingly apparent.
Half of the funds were raised for capacity-building. The total amount raised on the market was 1.73 billion yuan, of which 55.4 per cent was raised for the production of Qui Peng, Hua Peng and Quan Peng, which were built over a three-year period with a five-year life cycle, with a planned total capacity of 1.1 million tonnes/year, of which about 400,000 tonnes were already available. It is expected that, after 2025, the production base will be fully operational.
The construction of the South China Production Base and the South Ningsheng Production Base Phase 2 project will help to ease corporate capacity bottlenecks and improve supply capacity. In line with the company’s development strategy, Chongqing’s Si Peng Production Base will further meet market demand in the central and western regions, reduce transport radius and reduce transport capacity.
(b) Cost of transportation, raising the profitability of products. The upgrading and brand promotion projects include three main areas: (1) marketing network upgrades: acquisition of space, construction of various marketing areas, services and utilities in the South China and East regions, with office equipment. (2) Channel construction:
More efficient and accurate monitoring of the delivery of products through channels, and increased marketing and distribution of products. (3) Branding: through television advertisements such as visualization, visual security, short video app,
Internet advertisements, such as video sites, as well as outdoor advertisements such as public transport, subways, high irons, etc., have increased brand promotion, increased brand visibility and enhanced brand leadership.
Cost forecast: We expect that the combined sales and management costs of East Plum beverages for the period 2021-2023 will be higher than comparable companies, with a first “buy-in” rating. The food beverages industry is increasingly regulated, further increasing industry access thresholds, and a quality control system for enterprise production
Higher requirements may increase the operating costs of food and beverages manufacturing enterprises to varying degrees, the excess of beverages to intra-industry enterprises as fast consumer goods, based on consumer demand and consumption habits of the general consumer, whether future consumer consumption demand for energy and consumption habits change, and whether companies can capture and nurture consumption in a timely manner by keeping track of markets
Food safety is a key factor and a fundamental imperative for the sound and sustainable development of beverages. If there is a leak in the company’s food safety-related work, a product quality dispute, an food safety accident, or a food safety violation, it may be public.
The Department’s brand reputation and marketing of its products have had a significant negative impact. In Shenzhen, a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) was carried out by the National Commission for the Planning of the Land in Shenzhen City, focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
One unit, which has in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational food, spices, frozen foods, etc., focuses on valuation and marginal thinking. Part of it is not, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.