The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreational Studies buys (first rating) from Dong Ping Bing Bing.
In 1997, the company introduced East Pate, and after years of deep farming, successfully established itself on the track, with the city now ranked second in number in the industry, while continuing to do so. The track is wide and excellent, and there is much to be done in the future.
There's plenty of room for improvement, less than 20% of the United States and the United Kingdom. After many years of branding, consumers' awareness of consumer initiative has gradually increased, and demand will continue to be released as the consumer population expands and diversifys its consumption landscape, together with a large population base; given the country's underdeveloped energy beverage market, which is highly competitive and currently averaged.
Prices have stabilized, and market expansion is expected to result primarily from volume increases rather than price increases. 2) Excellence: resistance to fatigue and addiction, fastest soft drinks, with the epidemic falling to 9.2% in 15-20, but still leading the soft drinks industry.
At the same time, the market share is likely to change while the branding of the red cow is still not quelling. The city of Dong Peng is the second largest, depending on its dominance and its concentration of energy-intensive beverages for many years, with deep branding to protect the city’s rivers.
(a) Diffusion strategies to avoid red cattle: introduction of different specifications for energy drinking, coverage of a low price belt of $2-5, competition with red cows for a different position, a better price than a higher price for spreading the land: 2) development of new monoliths: to increase the input of lemon tea, create new growth points and reduce the risk of dependence on single goods;
Millions of dollars have been used to upgrade marketing networks, strengthen channels and promote branding to stimulate the country’s market potential.
I. Company profile: energy drinkers, big monolith-led performances of Dong Peng, continued to rise. Dong Peng beverages were one of the pioneers in the energy drink industry in the country, working on the energy beverage track and successfully building the "Tung Peng beverages" brand. In 1994, the Dong Peng beverages factory in Shenzhen East Ltd. was changed to Dong Peng Siu.
After the Red Bull was listed in the country at the end of 1995, the Dong Peng business was pushed out of East Peng in 1997. Since then, Dong Peng's beverages have been the first notable achievement in the Guangdong market, and have been signed for 13 years as a brand advocate and officially placed on the national market. In order for Dong Peng to get out of the Guangdong market, the company itself has been able to do so.
Since 12 years, companies have been set up in Anhui, Chongqing and Guangxi, marketing companies have been set up in Shanghai, and peng Xiaoyu have been set up for information management to promote the development of the new stage. Toyote is now the country’s second largest energy beverage brand after the Red Bull, and the company has formed a company based on Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi radiation.
The stock structure is clear and concentrated, showing the family identity of the business. Woodwork is a controlling shareholder in the company and an actual controlling person, holding 49.74% of the shares directly after issuance. The company’s second largest shareholder, King, is investing in a relationship of kinship between natural person shareholders in the east in 2017: Woodley and Woodport are brothers, and Lindhechin.
In addition, there are natural persons who are related to the forest logs and the port of wood, among the partners in the capital, the Far East Road, and the Far East.
In 2019, the company adopted a bill on equity incentives, implemented through employee ownership. Liu Lihua, Lu Yifu, Jiang Viviton, participated in the incentives by direct ownership, three of whom were company executives; Far East Peng, Far East Peng, Far East, Far East Peng, Far East Peng, Far East Peng.
Incentives to engage in equity incentives through these three platforms. After distribution, the shares held by the three natural persons mentioned above are about 0.20%, 0.20%, and 0.10%.
1.1 With East Pinters at its core, the matrix of products is constantly enriched. East Pinters have a variety of specifications and prices to meet market diversification needs. Since the introduction of the East Pinter Energy Beverage in 1997, the company has been deep-ploughing the track to meet consumer demand.
250ml bricks, 250ml gold cans, 250ml gold cans, 500ml gold cans, product ladders, end retail sales, guidance prices of $2 per box, $3 per bottle, $4 per can, and $5 per bottle, were able to meet market diversification needs.
The cards are missing from the large-volume energy beverages class. 500-ml gold bottles have been marketed rapidly, with high value prices and consumer preferences, and sales earnings have grown rapidly, reaching 66.28% of energy beverages in 2020.
The company is also setting up non-energy beverages and packaging drinking products. 1) Non-energy beverages: The company has introduced a series of cold drinks, Chen Pitt, milky drinks, lemon tea, and plans to cut from lemon tea into the 100 billion-grade tea beverage market to create new non-energy beverage singles. 2) Packaging drinking water: at the beginning of the year 2000
In the past few years, companies have laid out non-energy beverages and packaged drinking water, leading to sales revenues from the 2018 1.2 distribution model, with production capacity and access to radiation in major parts of the country.
The company’s subsidiaries are responsible for the production and sale of beverages. The companies are located in Guangdong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
As the base's production lines continue, the surrounding market coverage will grow. The company is building production bases in the major parts of the country, from Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi, etc.
In late 2018 - 2020, the company accounted for more than 1,600 distributors, 477 more than at the end of 2018, and the profiled company accelerated its determination to move the nationalization process forward. In addition, in 2018 - 20, the exited distributors accounted for the bulk of the proceeds.
Companies manage distribution networks using two business models – company farming and large circulation – depending on the local context. In the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, and China, they are predominantly based on company farming models and equipped with experience.
Sales operators work with distributors, posters/ Wholesales and terminal stores to maintain and develop sales markets and consumers in order to continuously meet customer needs and increase market penetration; in other regions, major circulation models are used, with distributors primarily responsible for the maintenance and execution of product distribution and channels in designated regional markets.
In 2019, the company further refined its marketing management structure by creating Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi, Chongqing, etc.
The marketing headquarters, the national marketing headquarters and the three main marketing headquarters of the national direct battalion have defined the market for the marketing management shelves of Guangxi, China, China, China, China and North China, Southwest and the North, reflecting the results of the company's strategy to increase the penetration of national channels and deepen nationalization.
The year-to-year growth in corporate revenue between 2017 and 2020 was 17.81 per cent, mainly due to the rapid growth of courier and delivery operations during the epidemic.
Freight drivers and take-away boys are typical users of company energy beverages products: at the same time, companies are sunk at the same time as accelerated channels, opening up the market for the population back to the provinces and towns. 21q1 companies received $1.711 billion, a year-on-year increase that continued to sink, with 536 new distributors in 20 years, a net increase of 364 and a total end-of-year dealerships.
The net return profit has continued to grow. The net return profit of the company declined slightly in 2018 only slightly, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the cost of sales due to sporting events such as super-association in sponsorship.
From the point of view of the product, the ratio of income from bottled special drinks to the value of the 500-ml gold bottle is the highest in terms of products. 1) Energy beverages: as a core product of the company, between 2017 and 2020, the contribution of the product to the collection was due to the sale of non-energy beverages and packaged drinking water.
From the energy-drinking category, the gold bottle special-drinking business is ahead of the harvest, and the 500ml gold bottle has been popular since it was marketed in 2017. From 2017 to 2020, it was used as the company’s flagship and dominant product.
Of these, 500-ml gold bottles were marketed in 2017, 250-ml gold bottles were marketed in 2019, with a high-value cut-off and 66.28 per cent of total energy beverages in 2020. In addition, gold cans and bricks were supplemented by botttling products.
Some consumers have been able to meet their differentiated needs, and sales revenues have been growing steadily. By region, the Guangdong base market is more than half as high as in the provinces, and the regional markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, China, China, and China, with combined revenues of about 90%.
Sliding, but sales revenue continued to grow over 2019, mainly as a result of higher sales revenues from other regions, longer than in the Guangdong region, higher out-of-town contributions and progress in nationalization. Under the Nationalization Strategy, companies moved beyond the Guangdong region.
The market is heavily structured in terms of channels, and in late 2018 - late 2020, the distribution agents in these regions are based to further meet the needs of the central and western parts of the world. These measures have led to a steady increase in the share of income between 2017 and 2020 in China, China, China and the North and China.
1.4 Strengthening productive capacity, marketing channels, branding, and the mobilization of projects to promote the full-scale nationalization of the ipo fund-raising of approximately 1.73 billion yuan. In order to further nationalization, the fund-raising project includes a wide range of perspectives, such as production capacity, marketing channels, brands, etc., to support the nationalization strategy in all its aspects.
The allocation of 1,437 million yuan is intended to raise $959 million for the construction of three production bases in Guangdong, Chongqing and Guangxi. The construction of three production bases will, on the one hand, reduce production bottlenecks and enhance the scale effect, and, on the other hand, will further meet the needs of the Mid-West using Chongqing Production Base.)
Upgrading and branding: total investment of approximately 671 million yuan to raise $371 million, consisting mainly of three components: marketing point upgrades, channel construction, branding, and 1.05/3.26/235 million, respectively, to upgrade existing marketing networks and channels and to increase access/modern development
and maintain, promote the release of sales under multi-consumption scenarios and push the channels to sink further; continue to enhance brand influence through online promotion of integration. 3) Others: mainly information upgrading and R & D centers, which can promote “new retailing” through the Ping Xing Clouds platform, support company production.
Camp, marketing management: the latter provides a solid foundation for future development from a product research and development perspective.
The market for soft drinks has grown steadily, but at a faster rate than in the global market, with a relatively higher potential for development. With rising incomes and changing consumer perceptions, our market for soft drinks has grown steadily, from $419,445 million to $57,354 million in 2011-2020, with a capr of 3.54% higher than the same.
The size of the global soft drinks market was about 3.27%. The size of the soft drinks market was 4.69% in 2011-19, excluding the 20-year impact of the epidemic.
About 0.8 per cent, with a capr of 4.57 per cent between 2011 and 2020, is higher than the global volume of soft-drinking cagr prices, which are declining in both countries and globally, especially as a result of the 2020 epidemic, indicating that the expansion of the soft-drinking market in our country and the world over the last decade has been largely due to increases in volume rather than price increases.
The subregion sees the Asia-Pacific region as the world’s largest soft-drinking market with stronger momentum. North America and Asia-Pacific are the two markets with the largest volume of soft-drinking sales worldwide, with the North American soft-drinking industry growing earlier and more mature, while the Asia-Pacific soft-drinking sector is still growing rapidly, with the Asia-Pacific region selling more soft beverage each year from 2015 to 2020.
Growth, in North America, continued to decline, with Asia and the Pacific becoming the world ' s largest soft-drinking market in 17 years, Asia and the Pacific accounting for 27.73 per cent in 20 years and North America for 24.49 per cent.
Figure 18: Distribution of countries selling soft beverage in the world by 2020, by country, is the second largest consumer of soft drinks, with good growth prospects. The United States market is more mature, has always been the largest consumer of soft beverage, with a market share of 16.36% in 2020.
With the number of people and the development of the soft drinks industry itself in recent years, our soft drinks market is catching up with the United States and is now the second-largest in the world, with a market share of 12.69% in 20 years. With rising consumption levels, increased awareness of the cost of consumption, and a large population base, our soft drinks market share is expected to continue to grow.
Energy beverages account for 6.58% of the global market for soft drinks in 20 years. E-Wise International divides soft beverages into nine subcategories of packaged drinking water, i.e. tea, juiced drinks, carbonate drinks, energy beverages, sports drinks, i.e. coffee. Energy beverages are those that contain a certain amount of energy and add appropriate nutrients or other specifics.
In 1927, the grapes appeared as the first generation of energy drinks in the United Kingdom, and in 1966, the Red Bulls were born in Thailand, and all kinds of energy drinks followed. In 2002, the Beast was listed in the United States and made great success, entering.
Since the twenty-first century, energy beverages have become more popular in Europe and America. Thanks to branding, consumer health awareness and consumer awareness have been raised, energy beverages have become themselves resistant to fatigue and addiction, and global sales of energy beverages have increased from 5.66% to 6.58% of soft beverage sales in 2016-20.
Our energy beverages started late, but the market grew by more than 10% over the years. By the end of 1995, the Red Bulls entered China, marking the official start of our energy beverage industry, and since then they have grown rapidly, with a number of brands such as East Pine, Le Tiger, and continued consumer education through various marketing campaigns.
Between 2006 and 2020, the energy market grew rapidly. Figure 21: Combined increase in sales of soft beverages in 2014-2019. Figure 22: Combined increase in sales of soft beverages in 2015-2020.
The share of energy beverages in soft drinks continued to rise, with cagr sales in the top of the category for the last five years. Between 2014 and 2019, the country ' s total energy beverage sales were about 15.00%, the fastest growing breakdown of products, and between 2015 and 2020, the total sales were 9.20%, a decline mainly in the 2020 epidemic.
Due to the impact of the situation, however, the combined annual increase still led the soft-drinking industry, about 8.4 per cent higher than the volume of soft-drinking cagr sales during the same period. In addition, the sales of energy beverages between 2015 and 2020 were lower than the main sources of coffee, mainly due to price factors, with energy beverages amounting to 11.2 per cent in the last five years and higher than coffee.
5.7 per cent. From 2016 to 2020, the share of energy beverage sales in soft drinks rose from 6.82 per cent to 7.81 per cent, a decline in only 20 years, mainly due to the epidemic, which has led to a greater impact on energy beverage consumption in outdoor events, and it is expected that the future energy beverage market will expand rapidly as the soft beverage market expands.
2.2 Space for growth: In terms of volume and price, the domestic energy beverage market will have a great future: the consumption population will expand + the consumption landscape will increase, energy beverage demand is expected to continue to release energy beverage sales will grow every year. In the last 10 years, the cagr will be 22.18%.
The growth in sales has been consistent, with brands growing for many years, and product marketing campaigns driving their sales volume, which have been accompanied by an increase in the overall sales base, but which has remained at a much higher rate than soft figures 24: our energy beverages sales and their corresponding increase in 2006-2020.
Figure 25: Energy beverage consumption per capita in Japan and the United States of America (in millions of litres) Our per capita consumption of energy beverage is less than 20% in the United States and Britain, and there is much room for improvement. In 2020, our per capita consumption of energy beverages was only 1.56 litres, less than 1/2 (about 3.49) in Japan, and in the United States.
8.67 litres, compared to 8.66 litres in the United Kingdom. Analysis of the impact of the epidemic and the average consumption per capita in 2019 shows that 1.67 litres in our country are still less than 20% in the United States and Britain. We believe that the main reason is the late start of our energy drinks and the relative maturity of the US-Japanese market; and our consumer consumption awareness and withdrawal.
High labor intensity and stress drive demand and drive the growing consumption of energy beverages. Energy beverages are resistant to fatigue, and their audience includes people with high labor intensity, such as drivers who work longer hours, etc.
Health workers, athletes, fitness workers, etc., also include those with high stress in life, education or work, because stress is a cause for fatigue. As the economy develops, many workers are working harder. For example, couriers, from 2007 to 2020, accounted for 1,202 million deliveries above that scale.
The speed of growth is almost 50%, and the rapid development of the express delivery industry has increased the intensity of the courier’s work. Increased labour intensity and pressure, combined with the promotion of brands in the domestic market and the continued development of consumer awareness, and the dependence of energy beverages are expected to continue to expand.
The base of potential consumption is large, providing a good basis for expanding demand. The consumption of energy beverages is younger, with a potential consumer base in terms of population structure. Although the number of people aged 15-64 has declined in recent years, the total population in that age group reached about 990 million in 2019, a larger base.
In terms of the proportion of the population of different age groups, there has been an ageing trend in the United States of America and the United States of America, where the proportion of the population aged 65 years and over has increased, while the proportion of the population aged 15-64 years has declined year by year, the proportion of the population aged 65 years and over in 2019 is not as high as in the United States of America and Japan, and the proportion of the population aged 15-64 years is still relatively high.
Figure 27: Changes in the proportion of the population aged 15-64 between 2000 and 2019
Data from the Ministry of Resources and Social Security show that the average number of hours employed in our towns and cities has been more than 40 hours per week since 2001 and has increased continuously since 2015; moreover, the proportion of employed persons aged 25-54 who work longer than 40 hours per week has increased annually since 2015, with the number of employed persons aged 16-24 years
The average weekly working time of more than 40 hours has fluctuated, but it has remained high, reaching nearly 50% in the 55-64 age group in 2019. Overall, the average weekly working time in our towns and cities is longer, and this situation is likely to persist as the economy develops, and it is expected that “weary” fields will continue.
The demand for energy beverages will continue to grow as a result. Brands promote consumer awareness, and demand expand to a “recreational” scenario.
Increased exposures, increased impressions of their "energy activation", "brain up" and "resilience" to potential consumers, enhanced consumer acceptance and active consumption of energy beverages, and new marketing channels, such as sales outlets, sinking and auto-sellers, Internet, etc.
Incorporated, more and more consumers can buy energy beverages, and the market's acceptance is increasing. The brands of Red Bull and others promote the consumption of energy beverages in a variety of settings, such as overtime, sleepovers, post-motion “weary” scenes, etc.
More “recreational” scenes; in addition, some brands have started to sponsor games competitions, music festivals, etc., to create new consumption scenes that are more in line with the trend towards rejuvenation of consumption. Higher rates of urbanization will further contribute to an increase in consumption.
The rate of urbanization has been increasing since 2000, and according to the 2020 census, the rate of urbanization was 63.89 per cent in 2020, while the rate of urban urbanization in Japan and Japan was more than 80 per cent in 2010, and even 90 per cent since then.
The rate of urbanization in our country is much different and is expected to continue to rise. As economic development and the rate of urbanization increase, the consumption of energy beverages increases.
The average price of beverage sales and sales is calculated and the price of energy beverages has been rising steadily since 06, and we believe that the main reason is that multiple brand entries have increased competition in the market. At the 17-year cut-off point, the average price of energy beverages has stabilized.
There is more room for other brands to win their share of the market in ways other than a low-price strategy; 2) The price of energy beverages has been reduced to one in 17 years. Figure 29: Average energy beverages for the period 2006-2020 (in dollars/litres)
Figure 30: Average cost of energy beverages in US$/L, Bo, Bobobo, Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo, Bo. Our energy beverages cost about 1/2 of US-I-I-I, and there is room for upgrading. In 2020, energy beverages in our country.
The average price is about $3.14 per litre, roughly 1/2 of the US-Japanese price, which is a relatively small difference from the UK. Because of the 20-year epidemic, we also compared the price of the 2019 Chinese-Japanese energy beverages to the 19-year gap between our energy beverage and the US-Japanese.
According to the National Statistics Office, between 2010 and 2020, the disposable income of urban and rural residents is growing every year.
After that, there is still a wide gap between our per capita income and countries like the United States and the United States of America, and there is much room for improvement. With the growth of the economy and the growth of gdp, it is expected that the disposable income of our inhabitants will continue to grow, thereby contributing to an escalation in the cost of consumption and, hopefully, to an increase in the price of energy beverages.
It will take time for the price to really rise. For overseas, our energy beverages market, which has a low per capita consumption rate and is still growing at a relatively fast pace, has multiple brands like Red Cows, East Pants, Lodges, Body Energy, Battle Horses, on the one hand, and the Red Cows, on the other.
This opportunity to seize the market share, perhaps with new brands, and still with strong or even increased competition; on the other hand, the price of energy beverages in our country is high and low, and brands are developed at binary prices, with different strategies, such as the positioning of red cows at the top, and the concentration of East Pine in low-price zones, which reduces even.
So, we think there is room for a greater price increase in domestic energy beverages, but the real price rise (i.e., prices are more stable than higher, rather than constant shocks) is likely to be smaller at this stage of development, and market expansion will come primarily from volume increases, followed by rising consumption and market development.
Prices are expected to move up in a holistic manner, leading to a substantial increase in prices. Ewiss International predicts that our total energy beverages sales will rebound significantly in 2021, a 12.5 per cent increase in the same year over 20 years, and that, as the sales base rises, the same rate will decline, reaching a total of 65,811 million yuan by 2025.
2.3 Market pattern: Red Bull City has declined, home-grown energy beverages are growing stronger, and the market for red bulls has declined. Until 2013, Red Bulls were almost exclusive, with over 80 per cent of the city, and with the continued energy of East Ponto, physical energy, leeks, battle horses, etc.
At the same time, between 2011 and 20, the city of Dong Peng rose from 3.9% to 15.4%, and in 2016, the city of Dong Peng was the second-largest market in a two-year period of successful counter-surplus after physical energy. In addition, in 2016, the market share was the second highest.
The country’s energy and beverages industry is now in a state of extreme competition. According to data on sales below the line, in 2020, there were seven brands with a market share of more than 2%.
In the case of East Peng Bong Beverage, Hutt energy (Hongnan Middle Business Co. Ltd.), Lok-ho (Dali Food Group Ltd.), Battle Horse (Beijing Beverages), xs (Anli Group) and Red Bull Anaki (Tianx Group).
Not to mention first and second, the market share is 52.1%, 15.4%, and the top four brands are 82.7%, and the current pattern of competition is more than triple. The red cow competition brings more uncertainty to their market position.
Thailand’s Tianx Medical Health Ltd.’s Red Bull brand was introduced in the country, but in 2016 the two started a copyright dispute over the duration of the Red Bull’s authorization.
Nia Anaki and Red Cows, 19h1, sold in China for more than $1 billion: while the Wabing Group continued to sell red cow vitamin beverages (China Red Cows), in 2017 it launched its own brand of energy beverages - the "War Horses", and two energy beverages in 1917.
The sales were 22.3 billion yuan and 1.33 billion yuan respectively. Although the 21-year Thai Tianxy and Wabing trademarks proceedings ended with the rejection of the appeal from the Red Bull Vitamin Beverage Company Ltd. under the flag of the Wabing Group, the competition for the trademarks was far from over, and there was considerable uncertainty about the market position of the Red Bulls.
As Anaki’s 2.6% of the city’s share in 2020 shows, the ongoing dispute between the two offers an opportunity for other brands to develop, while the second-higher share of the city’s eastern pontoon is more likely to leapfrog.
3.1 At the end of the product: Focus on the production of new products, differentiated strategies to enhance competitiveness Focus on energy beverages and the introduction of multi-tailored products to meet market diversification needs. For a long time, the public administration has invested heavily in energy beverages and resources to successfully shape the Domt drink bulk.
Disparity strategy, continuous optimization of product positioning, and introduction of different product specifications have now resulted in 250 ml bricks, 250 ml gold bottles, 250 ml gold cans, 500 ml gold bottles, end retail instruction prices of $2/boxes, 3 yuan/bottles, 4 yuan/can and 5 yuan/bottle product ladders that meet market differentiation needs.
To compare the prices of the current domestic energy beverages market with those of the current brands, it can be observed that the red beverage is priced higher, the main market is high, while the second echelons of the eastern beverages, luggers, and physical energy are more likely to sink the market. Tonto drinks as part of the domestic energy beverage industry.
The second brand, competing against the Red Bull, is staggered to compete over the land at high prices, while the medium- and low-priced belts, luggers, body energy, etc. are still some distance from the brand’s influence, sales, etc., and consumers are less receptive to it. This development strategy is not only good for companies to capture their share of the market.
The company has made a breakthrough in the area of tea beverages, plant immersions, and drinks, with lemon tea and Peter Chen, respectively. In recent years, the company has increased its use.
For example, in branding, Yang was hired as a brand image advocate in 2019; in 2020, the title Hunan Watched the 54th Festival and other multi-purpose entertainment shows. In the future, companies will also increase their input from new products such as lemon tea in terms of branding, channels, etc., and keep an eye on market movements for consumption.
The demand is driven by exploiting the potential of non-energy beverages to provide a sustained impetus for companies to develop over the long term, while reducing the risk of a single product structure. 3.2 The end of the product: the mobilization project alleviates bottlenecks in production capacity and optimizes the national layout of the production base.
The existing production bases are based on the main distribution areas of Guangdong, Guangxi, Anhui radiation, China China, and China. The companies currently have production bases in Guangdong, Guangxi, and Anhui.
The base's main radiation coverage is in Guangdong, Guangxi, China, China, and the East China region, where the company's top four distribution markets match the distribution of capacity with the distribution structure (by region), and the construction of the extra-provincial production base is in line with the public administration's strategy to promote the flow of Dong Peng to the entire country.
In terms of output by product, the energy beverages production capacity has continued to grow, exceeding 80% in 20 years, and production capacity has become tighter. Over the last three years, the company’s capacity has increased from 104.5 to 1.773 million tons, while it has increased, mainly because of the fact that the company’s largest contribution – 500 ml gold cylinders – has expanded rapidly while producing capacity.
The use rate is also growing rapidly, reaching 89.12% in 2020, and the company’s energy and beverage capacity was over 80% in the same year. In terms of product capacity utilization, the company urgently needs to expand its capacity.
The production bases of South China and South Ning II can ease two broad production bottlenecks, and the production base of West Peng is based on Chongqing to meet the needs of the Midwest. The company raised about 1.73 billion yuan in ipo, of which 959 million won.
For the construction of three production bases: 1) the construction of a production base in South China will result in an annual production capacity of 48.12 million tons, which can be used to absorb production capacity associated with the production base and to reduce the risk of losses to the company's production operations due to defects in the ownership of land, houses and owner-owned houses: 2) the Nanning Production Base Phase 2 project will be successful in achieving the goals of China.
The South Production Base has formed a response to ease the bottlenecks in production capacity in the Guangdong and Guangxi regions. 3) Chongqing Qingxi Peng Production Base was built in Chongqing to further meet the market needs of the central and western regions, shortening the transport radius, lowering the transport costs, raising the profitability of the products, and once built, the company was produced in South China, East China and Southwest China.
In addition, the three production bases are being built for three years, with the effect of reaching the stage of production, reducing unit production costs and increasing production operations. Each product is sold at a higher rate and is in high demand, and expanding capacity does not reduce current capacity utilization.
The Division produces more than 93% and is in a high position, mainly as a result of the company's “pre-sale” model of production, which continues to grow at a faster rate. Based on the production and sales performance of previous years, the company estimates the capacity utilization of 500 ml gold bottles and 250 ml cans for the expansion of the post-partum period.
The capacity utilization rate is not expected to be reduced as a result of the launch of the fund-raising project when the previous year was flat. This is about 29.42% of the capacity in 2019, which is expected to absorb the additional capacity effectively as market demand progresses in the central and western regions. Lemon tea sales have increased faster in recent years.
It is expected that the new production capacity will be absorbed in the future by increasing the company’s lemon tea input, using existing marketing channels and experience.
In 2020, the company further improved the overall channel for “distributors – postman/distributors – terminal stores.” By the end of 20 years, the number of distributors was 1,600, mail operators and wholesalers were about 50,000, and terminal stores were about 1.2 million.
Channel layout, 1) Guangdong region: in 2019-2020 the number of dealers changed by 4/+15 in comparison to the previous year, not much, and the number of post operators and wholesalers and end-gates was more stable; 2) Guangdong off-the-ground markets: side by side showed that the company had invested more in the market outside Guangdong in 20 years. In addition, in 2019-20, postman and
Wholesales have been raised from more than 20,000 to about 40,000, terminals from about 600,000 to more than 900,000, and companies have been accelerating the distribution of channels to facilitate the release of demand from the outside of the Guangdong market.
As consumption levels rise and consumption scenes diversify, special/modern channels, such as supermarket chains, large-scale shops, chains and convenience stores, become important outlets for the beverages industry. Companies plan to invest about $326 million in strengthening channels: 1) Increase traditional channels and access/modern channels throughout the country
Doo's freezer has been dropped to promote consumption in a variety of events: 2) active development and maintenance of priority distribution channels and promotion of further sinking of distribution channels are expected to make better use of the high value-for-money advantage of the doppelganger. 3.4 brand end: online marketing combined, constantly increasing brand influence.
The company values brand image, develops a “rejuvenation of brands” strategy, proposes “Young to wake up” branding, conducts a multi-dimensional, full-scale, saturated marketing campaign, and raises brand visibility.
In addition to television advertising, it also includes video implants, sports sponsorships, electronic sponsorships, etc., which are new marketing models conducted by companies in the context of contemporary youth lifestyles, consumption habits and changes in media, in line with the rejuvenation of the products of East Pine.
Underline: Outdoor publicity through bus bodies, subways, high-speed stations, waiting booths, walls, etc. In the main market seasons, companies will be flexible enough to increase the use of “ground ads.” Television advertisements, video implants, etc., “high-altitude ads” + “ground ads” with close contact with consumers, to promote the drink of East Pate.
Brand recognition has increased, and brand dividends are now being released, with a visual performance of $4.209 billion/vov+38.56% in 2019 and a negative growth in 2020 due to the impact of the epidemic, with $235 million to be spent on branding and further branding to protect the city.
One of the Division's current projects, the company plans to further enhance brand recognition by placing high-visibility, watch advertising, the Internet and outdoor advertising, and continue to use a combination of high-altitude and ground-based advertising to promote wider products, enhance branding, enhance branding and influence, and thereby win more market share.
▪ Summarizing the above analysis, we believe that the company's growth in the coming years is based on the following core logic: first, the red cow competition brings about a development opportunity: the multi-entry energy beverages increase competition, break the unique pattern of the red cow family, and the city's share is falling; the red cow competition remains unsettled and the market share diluted.
Second, the differential strategy strengthens competitive advantage: 1) the amount of beverages: multi-specific products such as 250 ml cans, 500 ml bottles, etc., covering a 2-5 dollar price band, and the price band.
(b) Long space: 2) Product matrix: focus on the dominant product while other non-energy beverages, such as lemon tea and Chen Pitt, are arranged to focus on new products with growth potential, and companies will continue to grow.
Inputs from lemon tea, while reducing the risk of dependence on monolithic products, are expected to bring about new performance growth. Three are the prospects for nationalization; the company now owns a number of production bases, such as pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, platinums, and storks, and has more than 1,000 distributors to complete the initial work of Guangdong, Guangxi, and others.
Infiltration of sales and channels in key markets such as China, China, China, and China. The process of nationalization will continue in the future. 1) Capacity: plans to complete three production bases in Guangdong, Chongqing, Guangxi, alleviating production bottlenecks, optimize the national distribution of capacity: 2) marketing channels: upgrade marketing networks and channels to improve the country.
The fourth is the continued construction of deep brands to protect the city: the current brand of East Ponto and the brand of "Young to Wake Up" is gaining ground, brand dividends are being released, and $235 million will be invested in branding in the future, through visualization, watch ads, the Internet and the household.
Extra-advertising products and continuously increasing brand influence through online and offline advertising.iv. Financial analysis: good profitability, high operational efficiency, fast growth in 4.1 performance, stable Māori rates, steady increases in net interest rates
▪ The performance is faster than that of listed companies in the industry, with Monster (monster drinks) being the leader of the American energy beverage industry, while fragrance, meta-drink and Inde Luud have been focused for a long time on the soft beverage sector segmentation.
In 2020, the sweet milk tea product accounted for 99.03 per cent of the total. The “six walnuts” milk product for the walnuts was 98.62 per cent. The “Lulu” product for the walnuts was 99.27 per cent.
Between 2018 and 2020, the growth rate of companies as a whole was higher than that of comparable companies in the same industry and was accelerating.
The same is true of the net return profit, which fell in 2018 mainly as a result of higher marketing inputs from companies and higher marketing costs. However, higher marketing inputs contributed to faster recovery and higher net profits in 2019 and 2020.
Figure 43: Comparison of the rate of growth of companies with those listed in the same industry Figure 44: Comparison of the rate of increase in net profits of companies with those listed in the same industry
This can also be reflected in the stability of the Māori ratio over reasonable areas. The Māori ratio of the company’s dominant product, 500 ml gold bottle, is on the rise.
The difference is mainly due to the difference between the sales price and the unit cost. Among these, the increase in the Māori ratio of 500 ml canisters, the most dominant product in the last two years, was significant for the stability of the combined Māori rate. The increase in the 500 ml bottle was 8.06% in 2019, which was higher, mainly due to the previous year.
The market price of the material polyester slices fell faster, and the significant increase in production led to a decrease in unit labour costs and manufacturing costs. In 2020, the decline in the Māori rate of 250 ml bottle was due mainly to a decrease in unit prices caused by the company ' s lower prices at the end of 2019.
The Māori rate of companies is reasonable and more stable than that of companies listed in the same industry. The Māori rate of companies is comparable to the average of companies listed in the same industry in the country, although the Māori rate of companies is more stable and rising.
The scale effect has been further enhanced, unit costs are expected to decrease, and thus the Māori rate has been increased. The cost rate for the  period is within a reasonable range, and the overall rate has been declining.
In 2018, the company invested a lot of advertising and advertising fees during the Russian World Cup, and sales costs were raised.
Increased revenues, however, have reduced the impact of higher sales costs on cost rates, which have been reduced only by a downward trend and reduced during the period. Corporate costs are slightly higher than those of listed companies in the same industry, but are at a reasonable level.
Higher than listed companies in the same industry, because the company is currently in a rapid stage of development, advertising campaigns and branding, construction inputs and higher payroll expenses for sales workers. (2) Management cost rates: also slightly higher than those of companies listed in the same industry, mainly because the overall remuneration of managers increases with the rapid growth of the company.
By 2020, corporate management costs had been slightly lower than the average of companies listed in the same industry. As company performance continued to increase and the impact of size became more apparent, management costs had been reduced to a slightly lower rate than average.
The utilization rate is expected to continue to decline. 3) Financial cost rates are higher than those of listed companies in the same industry, mainly because of faster growth in operating patterns, with additional borrowings being used for day-to-day operations and for the construction of fixed assets. Corporate costs are generally slightly higher, but still at a reasonable level, consistent with their characteristics in a fast-growing phase of development.
4.2 The high stock turnover rate, which is maintained at a high level, and the high stock turnover rate, which is reflected in the cash-to-distribution settlement modality, which is favourable to the management of accounts receivable, indicates good inventory management. During the period 2017-2020, the company stock turnover rate was lower than at the end of the period, using the production model “to cancel” and the “to order” procurement model, with lower stock levels;
In addition, the company’s stock turnover rate is higher than that of Monster, again reflecting the company’s high inventory control capacity.
Receivables management benefits from payment-to-consignment settlement and turnover rates are maintained at a high level. 2017 - Maintenance at a high level in comparable companies with the same industry, mainly in the deep-drinking beverages industry, where the product is highly recognized by downstream distributors, generally using the “cash-to-consignment” mode of settlement.
The company, which introduced East Pate in 97, has succeeded in establishing its foothold on the track, and is now the second-highest city in the industry at the same time.  The track is wide and excellent, and there is much to be done in the future. 1) Broad: For the target overseas, our energy beverages are consumed per capita.
There is much room for improvement, not less than 20% of the United States and the United Kingdom. After many years of branding, consumer awareness of the cost of consumer initiative has gradually increased, as the consumer population has expanded and the consumption landscape has diversified, and demand will continue to be released, taking into account the fact that the energy beverage market in the country is not yet mature and the market is competitive.
Current average prices have stabilized, and market expansion is expected to result primarily from volume increases rather than price increases. 2) Excellent: Resistance to fatigue is the fastest-growing soft-drinking class, with thinness reducing cagr to 9.2% in 15-20, leading soft-drinking red bulls into a trade-mark dispute, with loose growth opportunities.
There is a possibility that the market share may change while the branding of the red bulls is lost. The city of Dong Peng is the second-highest, depending on its dominant position, and it is likely that after years of intensive energy drinks, deep brands will be used to protect the city.
(a) Differential strategies to avoid red cattle: different specifications for energy drinking, covering a low price belt of $2-5 and competing with red cows to spread the land at high prices; and (b) production of new monoliths: to increase the input of lemon tea, create new growth points and reduce the risk of dependence on single goods;
The prospects for nationalization are wide: an increase of 400 million shares through ipo is raised for $1.73 billion. Of this amount, hundreds of millions are used to upgrade marketing networks, strengthen channels and promote branding to stimulate the country’s market potential.
The consumer favors the rapid expansion of income, rising to over 250 ml in 19 years, to the top of the list, with a revenue of 3,085 million yuan in 20 years, and a larger volume. With the company’s nationalization, income from 500 ml is expected to continue to grow, but with increasing volume, the rate of growth is slightly higher.
There has been a decline, and we are cautiously assuming that the revenue growth rate of the 500ml bottle is 43.3%, 32.9%, 26.6%. 250ml bottle: since the introduction of the 500ml bottle, the sales revenue of the 250ml bottle has been affected by a definite impact, which we expect will continue, but as time goes, let's assume that it will level off.
Cans, 250ml bricks: There is a replacement effect between 250ml and 250ml cans, which have been below 250ml, so let's be careful to assume that the 250ml cans of 2021-Tenen are more popular, taking into account the fact that the Euro-American market is more energy-added beverages, and that the East Peng is currently receiving revenue.
Quick 83.8%, 60.4%, 58.4%) Non-energy beverages: this group consists mainly of lemons, teas and Peter Chen, taking into account the company's differentiated strategy of focusing on products while focusing on new products with potential for growth, and plans to increase the input of lemon tea, depending on the company's existing marketing
We expect a rapid increase in non-energy beverages revenue, with a slight decline in 2020 and a possible increase in raw material prices, but a high sales of 500 ml gold bottles with a certain scale effect, and a well-established procurement management system in place by companies that achieve high-quality and stable production.
Scale effects, improved procurement management and production management systems. We estimate 250 ml gold cans, inputs, and the product is expected to sell well. There is still room for improvement in capacity utilization, and this should lead to a reduction in unit production costs and a certain offsetting of brand marketing, among other things.
Cost inputs, which are expected to result in a slight decline in the rate of non-energy beverages in 2021 over 20 years, may increase the cost of company sales in order to be strong and to improve marketing channels, but as income expands, it is expected that the values will be used as a reference for the valuation, as there is a difference in the value of the company's pe.
Increased competition in the market: after years of development, our energy beverage has created a multi-brand competition between Red Cows, East Pinocchio, Lodges, Body Energy, Battle Horses, etc., while the rapid growth of the industry has attracted many other players, such as the Unified Flag, the Unique Flags, xs, etc., to compete.
While companies now have their own advantage to reach the second-highest position in the city, there is uncertainty as to whether they will be able to sustain their competitive edge in the market in the future. Propaganda has not been as effective as expected: the energy beverages market is highly competitive and needs to be sustained and substantial.
The price volatility of raw materials: raw materials for the company’s products consist mainly of bottles, caps, white sugar, etc.
\triangleright describes raw materials as having a higher share of production costs.
The product structure is single: since 2017, more than 90% of the company’s income has been derived from drinking energy with East Peng, and while in recent years the company has been developing single products such as lemon tea, the share of non-energy beverages is still low.
The growth of energy-drinking beverages, for example, is not conducive to the development of energy beverages, so that the structure of companies that rely too much on monolithic products will lead to greater risk to performance.  Regional concentration of sales: half of the company’s sales revenue has come from the Guangdong region since 2017, although
While companies have been active in opening up and achieving some results outside the region of Guangdong, the share of income in the region is still high. If the region of Guangdong does not expand as expected, then the growth in corporate performance may be explained by an analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment