• Investment proposals: a high-quality track, with a clear pattern, a wide nationalization of East Peng's beverages, a long-term growth space for energy beverages, while the East Peng beverages are the country's second-largest energy beverage, and are highly competitive in mid-level markets, with companies investing in the development of empty markets outside the provinces in recent years, with strong growth momentum.
In 2013, a nationalization strategy was launched, laying the foundation for national branding. In general, companies have a unique way of differentiating their products, pricing, marketing, and channels.
East Patt drinks with a different pet package, similar taste and formula, more expensive than quickly taking root in the exclusive market of Red Bulls, breaking the constant impression of energy-beverage cans and positioning them differently. On marketing, they are laid with straightforward ads such as "Little tired, drunk, drunk", "Young must wake up to spell."
High profile. In the drive-down and market expansion, large bottled products are used as a single resource, and activities such as matching “one dollar” and scavenging to win red bags capture a large number of market terminals and foster incremental consumption groups.
The size of the beverage market is saturated, but there is a healthy and functional trend. In 2020, energy beverages were sold at $44.8 billion, maintaining a rapid growth rate of more than 10%, with the highest rate of growth in the drink market. Energy beverages are currently concentrated, with the top five brand markets accounting for nearly 90%, but with a dominant market pattern, they have increased: red.
Cows remain first in the industry, but the dispute with the Thai Red Cow brand has slowed. And the East Peng beverages are growing rapidly, other brands are developing unevenly, and patterns remain favourable to the East Peng beverages, which are an important development opportunity period.
The company’s main markets are concentrated in two large southern provinces, China, China, China, East, and South-West, where they are being laid, albeit modestly, but growing faster. Nationalized market space is opening up as products focus on 500 ml bottles, channel strategies, incentives, marketing strategies, and so on.
One of the leading players in the energy industry, the second-largest energy brand in the country, is 1.1, and one of the pioneers in the energy industry.
Energy beverages and packaged drinking water are the three main types of products, the main ones being the East Plateau, lemon tea, drinking from Chen Pitt, and packaged drinking water, the core of which is the second most famous energy beverage brand in the country. In 1994, the company’s predecessor, the Orang Peng Industries (State Enterprise System), began to work on the development, production and sale of beverages.
In 1998, the autonomous “Beverage of Vitamins for Vitamins” was certified as a health-care food certificate. In 2003, the company completed a change of business from the state to the private sector. In 2009, Dong Pooter drank the plastic bottle packaging of the first functional beverage, breaking the market limits of the canned packaging of traditional high-end energy beverages and highlighting the differences that opened the market.
Ping strengthened national marketing, invited Xie Zheng to serve as a brand advocate, opened up the pace of nationalization in the light of the large number of advertisements, significantly increased brand visibility and influence, and created a brand image of "tired, trapped, drunk" and "young, wake up" deep in the hearts of the people.
In addition to the energy beverages, the beverages have been introduced to enrich the product lines.
Figure 1: The size of the matrix of the beverage products in the east, where the energy beverages are still the main players, figure 2: the beverage market for many years has been growing rapidly, and the main market is the Guangdong.
From 2,844 million yuan to 4,959 million yuan, with an average compound annual growth rate of 14.9 per cent; net profit returns from mothers grew rapidly from 296 million dollars. In terms of channels, more than 99 per cent of the proceeds from the sale of beverages came from the bottom line.
The share of income in China, China, the East and the South-West has risen in the last three years. Figure 5: Energy beverages are still the main hit, while other products are yet to be activated. Figure 6: MERCOSUR is the main market
1.2 The shareholding ratio is high, the share incentive for the company to bind its interests and the interest of its employees, and the share concentration is high. The founder of the pre-market beverages is the company president, the actual controller and the controlling shareholder, with 55.27%. The second-largest shareholder is the shareholder of the beverages.
The third-largest shareholder, the limited partner in the investment is the owner of the stock, the son of Eastwood, who indirectly owns 3.87% of the beverages through the investment. The founder and members of his family hold more than 60% of the share, and the equity structure is concentrated and relatively stable.
In April 2019, in an effort to fully mobilize workers, Dong Peng beverages passed the Equity Incentive Programme and set up three investment development partnerships to serve as a platform for equity incentives, with a combined shareholding rate of 2.06%.
Shares are paid for. This equity incentive targets some of the core technologies, managers, and binds the interests of the company and the core workforce.
2. High-quality energy beverages track, condensed pattern, taps loose 2.1. Energy beverage track quality, adapted to the trends of beverage functionation and healthization. The market space for beverage is huge and shows a trend towards functional and healthy use.
The sales rose from 4691 billion yuan to 573.5 billion yuan, representing a 3.4 per cent compound increase, and our beverage market is now saturated and growing at a slower rate every year. But structurally, consumer demand for the taste, health, functionality, etc. of the beverage has risen, with functionality becoming a trend towards the breakdown of the beverage, with energy beverages in the breakdown of the beverage market from 2014 to 2020.
The rate of increase is second only to that of coffee, with an average annual composite growth rate of 11.3 per cent, and the energy beverages market remains high, which is one of the bright spots in the beverage market. On a scale, sales now rank in the top five categories, in order to package drinking water, i.e. tea beverages, carbonate drinks, juices and energy beverages, with the pace of life and work.
Quick, horizontally, compared to other types of products, there is still room for an increase in energy-care beverages. As a result of the epidemic, energy sales in 2020 amounted to 44.778 billion.
Domestic consumption per capita is low, and there is much room for growth. Compared to the European and American countries, energy beverages are still in the early stages of development. In terms of volume, energy beverage consumption in the country is currently low, at 10-20% of developed countries, such as the United States, Japan, and the United Kingdom, while market demand still has much room for penetration and upgrading.
Increased levels of income distribution and consumption, increasing demand for healthy and functional products from consumers when they choose to buy drinks, and growing consumption. Figure 13: Low per capita consumption of domestic energy beverages compared to Euro-American days
Figure 12: Domestic consumption of energy beverages per capita is much lower than in European and American countries 2.2, consumption scenes are diversified, consumption groups are gradually expanding, consumption scenes and crowds are expanding. Since energy beverages first entered the Chinese market in the 1990’s, energy beverages have been growing since the beginning of the 1990’s.
As the rhythm of life and work accelerates, and as major brands continue to advertise, energy beverages move from high-end health-care needs to public health needs, and consumers expand from ordinary white-collar to blue-collar populations. The energy consumption scene extends from initial sports, overtime, nighttime, driving, etc., to home-based health care, meetings, etc.
More leisure scenes, such as travel. Some brands have increased their sponsorship of competitions, music festivals, etc., which has also led to a widening of the consumer population from former athletes, manual workers to students, white collars, etc.
Industry access barriers are high, leading to market patterns, and opportunities for cross-border branding are small in high concentration. Although the energy beverage industry is highly marketed, there are barriers to branding, marketing networks, scalding operations, food safety and bio-productivity.
The book's special energy beverages, and the country's increasing regulation of health-care foods, has led to higher entry thresholds for technology research and development and production qualifications in the segmentation of functional beverages. More importantly, domestic energy beverages, which have evolved over the years, have formed a stable pattern dominated by a few leading companies, and other traditional beverage brands are difficult.
By 2020, the top five companies in the market were Red Cows, East Pinters, Lagoos, Body Energy, and Battle Horses, with a cr5 of about 88%. In 2016, the energy beverage market, after the Red Cow agency dispute in China, attracted the energy beverage products of prominent companies like Unity, Eli, and Ally, but made a breakthrough in the market.
In November 2020, the Supreme Court handed down a final decision on the trademark dispute, which resulted in the transfer of the trademark to the Thai Tianx Group, which is expected to be double-owned.
The dispute between the two sides has led to a collection of red cows and Tianxi. The Anaki product of red cows, developed by Tianxi on its own during the dispute between the two sides, has led to confusion among the final consumers and a decline in the reputation of the product.
The battlehorse, which has been launched with high hopes, has not been able to take over the Red Bull market, and the red cow brand dispute has created more opportunities for the latecomers, such as the Orang Peng, the Lagoon, and others.
In high school, the bottom line is clear, the red bull is in control of the high-end market, and the doppelganger is strong in the public market. The red cow's precision card-point high-end market, each of which has a small capacity of 250 ml and a retail price of over $6.
2.5-4/250ml. Two downward adjustments to the terminal retail instruction price were made in 2018-2019 to 250 ml gold cans from $5/can down to $4/can and 250 ml gold cans from 3.5/bottle down to 3 USD/bottle. Currently, there is a broader price belt consisting of 250 ml bricks, 250 ml gold cans, 250 ml gold cans and 500 ml gold bottle
The comprehensive product system of $2-3-4-5 is more permeable than the competition and meets the needs of a diversified market. In terms of mass market performance, the branding, product power, channel power combined in the public market is more 3 and the country-wide market is gradually opening up.
By using different products, brands, and marketing, Dong Peng's beverages have become unique branding, with ads such as “weary, sleepy, drink, drink” and “Young must wake up and spell”, the second-highest head of energy beverages has become nationalized, and the domestic market is still wide in 2016.
In the light of the development opportunities of the industry, the come-and-go beverages are striving to accelerate the pace of development in terms of product innovation, channel innovation and sinking, consumption scenes, etc. 3.1, Focus on functional beverages, diversified product layouts, etc.
3.1.1 The main energy beverages, which are relatively slow to expand, begin to form a mix of products of various kinds, such as East Peng, lemon tea, Chen Pitt, and packaged drinking water, with Middle Eastern peng beverages as core products whose main components are sulfuric acid, lysine and various b-skinners.
Solution, with the effect of fighting fatigue, alleviating stress, promoting energy metabolism, and supplementing the energy requirements of the organism.
In 2020, the revenue from the sale of East Pengt drinks rose from $2.735 billion to $4.66 billion, and the income share remained at 95% in figure 17: in 2020, income from the East Peng beverages remained positive due to the epidemic, while other products expanded relatively slowly. The non-energy beverages of East Peng beverages consist mainly of lemon tea, Chen Pitt.
Vegetable beverages, milk beverages, and packaged drinking water, such as drinking, chrysanthemum tea, water juice. In recent years there has been an increase in sales income, but on a relatively small scale, it is still at the market development stage, with a combined share of less than 5%.
The red cow has always held the shape of imported high-end energy beverages, and marketing features highlight the extreme movement of other tops. But the demand for energy beverages is widespread.
For China in particular, a large group of blue-collar workers and young people are the dominant consumers. Dong Peng is targeting the minds of the target population through more direct product orientation and advertising. Dong Peng's drink is known as the second most popular branding campaign, with Xie Zhen's words and `suffering'.
In addition, the branding of energy beverages continues to strengthen young people's consumption scenes on branding, highlighting the “youth needs to wake up” that continues to feed young consumers. In the media channel, it focuses on the popular activities and platforms of young people, such as sponsorship of sports and electric competitions and the introduction of youth-like video-blowing arts; and content.
Increased promotion of day-to-day scenarios such as office overtime, friends' meetings, home trips, deepening of consumer-wide products and figure 18: A brand strategy for the rejuvenation of East Pine, continued increased branding 3.2.2, differentiated and diversified product design and penetration pricing
In the history of the development of the beverages, the beverages are focused on, and are good at, product innovation and design as an angle to highlight differential location and marketing outlets, and also serve different consumption scenarios through diversified packaging. In summary, there are three major contributions to marketing and significant milestones in design, as follows:
A uniquely differentiated bottle design that breaks the consistent impression that energy beverages must be canned. In 2009, East Pontot first created a patent for Pete plastic bottle packaging and unique dustproof cover, and introduced 250 ml gold bottle special drinks, which better meet consumer needs for energy beverages, hygiene, especially by truck drivers and blue collar workers.
A different image of bottled energy beverages. In a red sea of the same kind of canned products, Dong Peng-T was able to open the market quickly with new and different packages, and after the bottled specials were first marketed, the end-user return card rate exceeded 50 percent, and sales increased considerably during the year.
Big bottled products are much more beveraged and popular, and the biggest single item with high value for money. Large bottled 500 ml is another single item after 250 ml, with high value for money and beverage-based designs opening the market quickly. The first attempt in the second half of 2017 was to push 500 ml in relatively empty markets like East, North and Southwest China.
The market feedback was positive. In 2018, 500-ml gold beverages began to be marketed throughout the country, with higher prices and a strong market response. The 500-ml gold can boost the gift scene and enter the spring gift market. At the end of 2018, the beverages started to promote small cans.
In the spring of 2020, Dong Peng continued his efforts to promote and dump the gift box in Shandong, Anhui Market, and the sale was good, with some regions meeting more than 60% of the annual sales target during the spring season.
During the year, Tung Peng gradually opened up the small-tank gift market, thereby facilitating the opening of the northern regional market, which is expected to continue to expand in the future. 3.3. Precision data marketing drives reform and downfall of channels and improves the network of channels for farming.
Since then, the dung beverages have continued to sink through innovative 2-D marketing activities. (1) By 2018, the promotion was dominated by a “scan-win-the-red bag”, that is to say, sweep-the-swipe and watch-the-drink-the-Punt win-the-Micro-the-Pocket, while consumers get real cash concessions, the dung beverages can also get a sweep area, dissipate through a big data engine.
The event created a direct interaction between dopium beverages and end-users, increasing the loyalty and stickyness of existing users on the one hand, and the fission of the other with more precision fans and stimulating large consumer demand on the other. (2) In the second half of 2019, the dopium beverages were launched.
A very offensive “one dollar enjoyment” promotion, in which consumers buy products with the word “one dollar” in exchange for a can of 250 ml of gold special drinks in a nearby shop. Dong Ping beverages are well-adjusted for market spirits with different levels of maturity, with a targeted nurturing of users. The average winning rate is 30%, available in a blank market.
To 50%. The campaign is aimed at marketing subsidies for distributors and end-gates, increasing the volume of sales while safeguarding their profits, increasing marketing incentives for distributors and end-doors, and accelerating the opening of a large number of new outlets during the period.
The distribution network is regulated by the channel model. The farming model, which involves specialized salesmen and distributors, wholesalers, and porters, sells together, with a full range of guided swimming channels and retail terminals, thereby effectively enhancing the penetration of the beverages channel and the control of the distribution network.
More than 5,000 business representatives, each of whom covers about 200 sites. The tillage model used to operate mainly in the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong and China, while other regions adopted a large-scale mode of marketing and channel maintenance based on the market resources and services of the distributors themselves.
In his region, the development of national markets has been facilitated by the introduction of a refined farming model that is adapted to local conditions and reproduced flexibly. 3.4. The opening of national markets from the south to the north has gradually opened up.
East Peng beverages are based in Guangdong and are concentrated in Guangdong, where they have developed a sound market base. (2) In 2012-2018, the North started nationalization: the East Peng beverages launched a national marketing campaign, while the industry gradually spreads radiation to the central and western regions, setting up major beverages sales in Chenzhou, Nanning and Chongqing.
East Peng beverages and the establishment of branches responsible for marketing in Jinan, Chengdu and Shanghai. (3) 2019 - to date, deepening nationalization: East Peng beverages have streamlined the marketing management structure of regional markets across the country, created three main branches of Guangdong marketing headquarters, National Marketing headquarters and National Direct Headquarters, and established Guangxi, Huadong, China, North China, Southwest 5
The Ministry of Industry and the Northern Region have adopted a marketing strategy tailored to the different market characteristics of each region. At present, the East Peng beverages have a number of production bases, such as pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, and pelicans.
(1) Base market: the Guangdong region, which is a base market for East Peng beverages, with brand influence and competitive advantage, contributes more than 60 per cent of sales earnings. Based on the size of the urban population, the Guangdong region currently has a per capita consumption of $31.31, which exceeds the national average per capita consumption level, but there is much room for growth in the standard Euro-American countries.
From 2017 to 2020, with the expansion of other regional markets, the share of income in the Guangdong region fell from 66.66 per cent to (2) growing markets: Guangxi and the East China region are growth markets that are focused and growing faster, and the share of income has increased steadily in recent years. In the case of Guangxi, per capita consumption was 20.55 yuan in 2020, close to the Guangdong market.
Second in the country's regional markets; while incomes are growing faster, China's Eastern region consumes less than $3 per capita. Given its large population, its relatively high income and consumption levels, its advanced economy, its numerous factories, its high level of participation in “one dollar” activities, and its considerable potential for growth in the short and long term.
(3) Opportunity Markets: China and the South-West region currently have a certain market base, but the share of income remains low, at a total of about 15 per cent, with a per capita consumption of $4.33 and 2.71, respectively, representing an opportunity market for intensive development and nurturing. The East Peng Beverage Programme will build a production base in Chongqing over the next three years and will increase its investment in the central and western markets.
(iv) Gap markets: North China and the North are currently largely empty, with a combined income of about 4 per cent, per capita consumption of less than $1. Markets still need to be nurtured and continue to improve the distribution system and market diffusion, but in the long term
The potential of the North and North markets is high. 3.4.1 and there is still room for penetration in the Guangdong market.
The sales revenue, measured by the size of the urban population, is currently $31.31 per capita in the Guangdong region, exceeding the national average per capita consumption level, but there is room for penetration into the countries of Europe and the United States. In 2018, sales fell slightly in the Guangdong market, thanks to the creation of the Guangdong marketing department and the implementation of the All-Tooling Strategy in 2019, the Guangdong market was sold.
There was a greater recovery in sales, which increased by 36.52 per cent over the same period. From 2017 to 2020, as other regional markets continued to develop, figure 22: Guangdong markets remained relatively fast growing. 3.4.2, China, China, China, East and Guangxi markets were relatively large and had great potential for growth.
The Chinese, Chinese, Chinese and Guangxi regions, which are focused on growing and growing growth markets, have seen a steady increase in income in recent years, particularly in 2020, when China, China, China and Guangxi increased their sales by 21 per cent, 27 per cent, and 26 per cent.
20.55 dollars, ranked second in the country’s regional markets; China’s Eastern region, although growing at a faster rate, consumes less than $3 per capita, and, given its large population and economy, its high level of participation in “one dollar” activities, there is still much room for growth in the market in the short and long term.
The share of income remained low, at approximately 11.44 per cent, with a per capita consumption of $4.33 million, and there was still a comparison with the market in the wider west. Figure 25: China, China, East and Guangxi per capita consumption rose steadily. Figure 24: China, China, East and Guangxi markets recorded a steady increase in their turnover.
3.4.3 The development of the South-West and North-West markets is still at an advanced stage of nationalization and orderly expansion, albeit relatively small and relatively low, but growing at a faster rate, with the same rate of 53.8 per cent and 47.6 per cent for the South-West and North-East markets in 2020, with per capita consumption of $2.71 and $1.19, respectively.
The south-west region is expected to focus its efforts and accelerate market growth as Chongqing arrives. The North is currently largely in a vacuum, with incomes of less than 1%, per capita consumption of 0.24 yuan, and the distribution system is not yet complete. Market opening: North-West, South-West and North-North sales are growing rapidly.
Figure 27: Rapid growth in per capita consumption in South-West, North-West and North-West markets 4 and improvement in national chemical energy distribution, with steady increases in profitability 4.1, South-South China and South-West production potential to optimize production performance
The ipo raises funds mainly for the creation of productive and marketing networks and for the improvement of the national distribution of chemical energy.
In terms of capacity-building, at present the total capacity is 1.6 million tonnes, and the proposed construction of the Guangzhou and Chongqing production bases are 48.12 million tonnes and 39.5 million tonnes, respectively, mainly canned and bottled beverages production lines, with a total capacity of about 2.5 million tonnes and an additional capacity of 54%.
Yes, and Chongqing is effective in filling the capacity gap in the south-west and further improving the national chemical energy distribution. Table 5: South China, Chongqing Production Base is expected to optimize the national production profile. Figure 28: Increased energy and packaging capacity utilization
Figure 29: A steady increase in capacity utilization, income will continue to grow rapidly and profitability will continue to rise. Companies are expected to maintain a relatively rapid pace of growth in the city over the next 2-3 years, especially in the form of a greater potential to open up empty markets outside the provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi.
The company’s profitability continues to rise. We look forward to the long-term growth of the energy-drinking track, while the East Plum beverages are the country’s second largest source of energy.
At the valuation level, we believe that the energy beverages track is better in space than the usual beverage track, giving companies a higher value than the ones that feed the meads and the Inde Lulu; and, in the case of the farmers' springs, that the company has grown better in recent years, and that the track is of good quality.
Table 11: Compared corporate ps valuations The risk of a slower expansion of the off-the-post market.
The new product expansion risks failure. The beverage industry does not exclude the possibility of expansion of some firms, but the industry is becoming mature and competitive, with fewer monolithic operating spaces, fewer opportunities for product innovation, and a higher probability of failure.
There is still some uncertainty about the pattern of the Red Bull dispute. The Red Bull dispute has been temporarily absent for a short period of time, and if there is a situation where the Chinese Red Bull cannot sell in China, and the Thai Red Bull has not been able to close the market gap for a short period of time, it may result in changes in the pattern of the industry, which may lead to more brand competition, as well as opportunities for other brands.