There's a lot of room for improvement in the city's share of the energy beverages, the opportunities for development, rich product systems and innovative marketing that support performance growth.
China’s energy beverages market, which was close to 45 billion yuan in 2020, is one of the fastest growing sub-groups of beverages, and is growing rapidly. In addition, Red Bulls have been mired in trademark rights disputes with Thai Red Bulls in recent years, and the market share has declined significantly.
In 2019, the city fell to 57%, creating opportunities for late entrants, such as East Penang. A rich product system and innovative marketing practices construct a sustainable competitive advantage. (1) Products:
In terms of energy beverages, 500 ml cans of gold have been added to a 3 billion-grade single item, leading to a rapid growth of energy beverages. In the future, energy beverage sales will continue to grow at a rapid rate as the company continues to release its productive capacity, and it is expected to be better off in the Guangdong market without the lemon tea coming out, generating revenue from the sale of non-energy beverages.
In 2017, 110 million yuan was increased to 280 million yuan in 2020 and will become the second-largest growth curve in the future. (2) Optimization of the production pattern: 62 per cent of the production capacity in 2018-2020, the base and the Chongqing Si Peng production base, respectively, will be well distributed in the future. (3) Innovative camps
Sales: The company heads “rejuvenation of brands”, creating a multi-layered, stereoized marketing and advocacy system, based on the Internet, using technology such as big data, two-dimensional codes, to upgrade product production, marketing and management, and move towards fine-tuning management and precision marketing.
There are now 1,600 distributors with a distribution network covering about 1.2 million end-to-end shops in the country.
The current distribution area of the company is concentrated in Guangdong, which contributed 55.6 per cent of the revenue in 2020. As the company has continued to expand its markets in Guangxi, China, China, and China East in recent years, it is expected that the share of market sales in the future outside Guangdong Province will continue to rise.
Market competition risks; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; the risk of changes in consumer demand and consumption habits; Sino-Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Food beverages: beverage manufacturing Energy beverages industry: good track, advantaged business development space, Chinese energy beverage market close to $45 billion, maintaining double-digit growth
From 2014 to 2019, the size of China ' s beverage market rose from 465.2 billion yuan to 578.86 billion yuan, with a compound growth rate of 4.5%. According to the composition of the beverage market, the bulk of the market share of packaged drinking water, i.e. tea and carbonate beverages, is accounted for by the composition of the market, while energy beverages account for only 7.9%.
Energy beverage consumption awareness increases, and the market size keeps growing in double digits. China’s energy beverage market starts late, but with changing consumption perceptions and rising consumption demand, consumers are increasingly inclined to be healthy and functional drinkers, so that these special-purpose beverages, like coffee and energy beverages, have been growing rapidly in recent years. China’s energy in 2019, according to company offerbook data.
The market for beverages is about 42.8 billion yuan, one of the fastest growing sub-groups of beverages, and is expected to be close to 45 billion yuan in 2020, which will sustain the increase in the number of medium- and high-units over the next five years. China has low per capita consumption of energy beverages, and there is still much room for improvement.
The United States dollar, the level of energy beverages consumed by developed countries such as the United States, Japan, and the United Kingdom is only 10-20 per cent, and the level of 50 per cent compared to Hong Kong, China, still leaves much room for improvement.
Figure 5.2017 Per capita consumption of functional beverages in China was 2.2 litres in 2017 Figure 6.2017 Per capita consumption of functional beverages in China was $6.2
According to Euromonitor, in 2019, sales of all kinds of beverages in China were more than 90%. But in recent years, with the growth of Internet and power-market platforms and the increase in the share of beverages sold on vending machines and on the Internet, future online sales will generate new momentum.
There are significant differences between regions in the level of production and consumption of beverages, based on the level of economic development, the size of the population and the concept of consumption. In general, the production and consumption of beverages are higher than in other regions, with Guangdong Province producing the highest volume, accounting for 19% of the country ' s total beverages production in 2020.
The Chinese Red Bull is in deep dispute over trademark rights, the market share is falling sharply, the energy beverages market is concentrated, and the city of Red Bull is the most dominated.
According to statistics from Euromonitor, in 2019, there were six enterprises with a market share of more than 1 per cent in our country: Red Bull Vitamin Beverage Ltd. (Red Cow), Company (Tung Peng), Dary Food Group Ltd. (Lue Tiger), Henan Middle Business Co. Ltd. (physical energy), Antix Group (xs) and War Ma (Beijing) Beverage Ltd. (Wing Horses).
According to Redbull, one of the world’s earlier and more successful brands of functional beverages. In 1966, Red Bulls for Life was born in Thailand, with nearly half a century of development to date.
In 2020, China’s red bull was founded in its twenty-fifth year, as a home-grown functional beverage giant, and China’s red cow has built a domestic distribution network of over 4 million nodes with 600,000 core terminals. The length of trademark rights is disputed, and China’s red cow is caught up in a four-year trademark rights litigation that allows other players to “organize” in 2016.
In December, the Supreme People’s Court handed down its final judgement, making it clear that the Tianxing Group is the owner of the Red Bull series of trademarks. Although the final judgement was issued, the Chinese Red Bulls refused to appeal, claiming that they would continue to appeal, and that the length of the judgement regarding trademark rights was 20 years or 50 years was not a definite result. We believe that the Chinese Red Bull trademark rights dispute is still uncertain for a short period of time, and that the energy-drink first player will be going through some time.
To absorb the loss of the red cow, Wabing launched a brand brand of Worms, but with less than the desired effect. Wabing launched a brand of Worms at the end of 2016 with two specifications: 310ml and 400ml red/blue bottles.
The battlehorse achieved 1.3 billion yuan worth of sales in just three years, and it's been a good development for the battlehorse, but as a newcomer, brand markets were under-represented, with 4 per cent in 2019, far below the newly-emerging functional levels of East Pants, Xuehu and others. Three red cow beverages appeared in the market, causing confusion among consumers about red cow products and damage to China's red cow mouth.
The Tianxing Group of Thailand introduced Red Bull Anaki and Red Cow vitamin-like drinks in 2019, in an attempt to take over the Chinese market. But the three red Cow products were packed in very similar packages, all gold cans, with only a small row of words from the bottom of the bottle that could be distinguished from their appearance, and the two drinks from Thai companies showed Red Cow Vitamin-functional Beverage.
Niggi's drink.” Moreover, three red cow products have different compositions and different taste, but products with similar appearances create a false perception of the purchase of a “high copy” and damage red cow's reputation and brand image, leading to a decline in consumer loyalty to red cow.
Red cow vitamin-like drinks, red cow Anaki's drinks, Chinese red bulls have been growing slowly in recent years, and the market share has fallen sharply, creating opportunities for late entrants to be drinking. According to the year of the Wabing Group,
The paper reveals that, while sales by the Chinese Red Bull have continued to grow since 2017, the rate of growth has been slow, with a downward trend in market ownership, and that lawsuits against the Thai Tianxing Group have had a negative impact on brands. Various reasons have led to a decline in the market share of the Chinese Red Bull from nearly 90% in 2011 to 57% in 2019.
Company Profiles: Energy Drinks after show, fast-tracking, family business, full motivation to mobilize core staff. Dong Peng's beverages are a limited overall change from Dong Peng to a limited number of companies with a limited predecessor from Dong Peng Business.
On March 15, 2018, a limited whole of Dong Peng changed to create an East Peng beverages, with a registered capital of $360 million. The stockholding of East Peng's beverages is concentrated in the family's hands and is a typical “family” model of governance.
The stockholders who hold more than 5 per cent of the stockholdings of the platinum beverages are forest woodwork, ginseng investment, ginseng investment, lingwood port, Lin Dynasty, forest wood brother, with 5.8 per cent of the shares; Lin Dachin and the realist, with 5.8 per cent; and the limited partner who invests in the forest wood work, with 3.87 per cent of the indirect shareholdings.
The shareholders are Chen Wei-min, the brother of the husband of the former family; Chen, Chen, the brother of the partner of the limited family of the Peng family; and Jung Ji Yong, the partner of the limited family of the former family of the Peng family. As a result, the shareholding of the former family is more than 70%, and the relatively stable equity structure is conducive to the continued development of the former family.
In April 2019, to establish a long-term mechanism for the development of employees, shareholders and companies, the East Peng Beverage implemented equity incentives through the holding of shares. According to the offer, Liu Lihua, Lu Yi Fu, Jiang Vivi participated in equity incentives through direct ownership, Dong Peng Farway, Dong Peng Fari, Dong Peng Xing Xing Xing, Dong Peng Xing Xing Xing Xing, the participation of the top technical backbone of the company, the operating backbone, etc. through the previously mentioned holding platform.
In July 2019, Junzheng invested, Liu Lihua, Lu Yifu, Jiang Weiwei, Dong Peng Long Road, Dong Peng Long, and Dong Peng signed a Replenishment Agreement with Dong Peng Bing to buy 10 million shares of the company. Of this amount, Kunang is investing $5.7143 million in new shares, and Dong-soon $6.628.6 million in shares.
Energy beverages are dominated by fast-growing harvests, the East Ping beverage is focused on the energy beverage market, and the brand name "East Peng beverage" is ranked second in the country's energy beverage market and has become a country.
Inner energy beverages market sells the nation's best brand. According to the offer statement, the company, as one of the pioneers of energy beverages, is directly committed to promoting energy beverages, and after many years of efforts, has succeeded in shaping a brand known to a wide range of consumers, the "East Ponto" brand.
500ml, gold cans (250ml) and gold bricks (250ml). According to the Newjing newspaper, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Woodley, stated that “In the absence of this, the company will continue to focus on making functional beverages, making the dopium a national product that is dominated by energy beverages and other functions of beverages.
Growth was rapid, with 38.6 per cent growth in year-on-year revenue in 2019 and 164.4 per cent growth in net profit in the same year, and 27.4, 28.9, 40.0 and 4.66 billion gains in disease-affected revenue in 2020, representing 96.2 per cent, 95.0 per cent, 95.1 per cent and 94.3 per cent of total corporate income.
Revenue from the sale of potable water for materials and packaging has increased from 110 million yuan in 2017 to 280 million yuan in 2020; rich product systems and innovative marketing structures have built up sustainable competitive advantages; deep-deep energy beverages markets; and multi-tailored packagings have broken down into sub-markets.
To further enhance market competitiveness and broaden the consumer population, companies have been enriching their product lines and introducing individual products with different packaging specifications to meet differentiated consumer demand. At the end of 2009, the company first introduced 250 ml dung-peng, with dustproof cover, with 250 ml of the same quality and more pro-people price compared to other functional drinks, opening up a situation in the Guangdong market.
In 2017, the company introduced a higher value of 500 ml and a higher market acceptance after listing. By the end of 2018, the company made a major effort to promote the Tung Peng beverages box, which was won by the market and sold well. According to the offer, the Tung Peng has now formed 250 ml bricks, 250 ml gold bottles, 250 ml gold cans, 500 ml gold bottles, and the terminal retail instruction price is $2/boxes, 3 yuan/bottles, 4 yuan/cans and 5 yuan/bottles of product ladders.
Among them, 250 ml cans are required for annual gifts, 250 ml bricks, 250 ml cans are easy to carry, 500 ml cans are priced at full value and meet the needs of the general public. Overall, the price of other brands (Red Bulls, Horses, Lagos, etc.) is at the mid-market level in the second and third-line cities.
The 500ml bottle is a 3 billion-grade single item, leading to a rapid growth of energy beverages. Among the sub-groups of energy beverage products, the 500m bottle sales grew rapidly, from 2.2% of the proceeds from the sale of energy beverages in 2017 to 66.3% in 2020, contributing more than 60% of the revenues. The 500ml bottle was successfully attributed to the following three points:
▪ Product capacity: 500 ml gold bottles are twice as large as 250 ml. The current energy beverages market has only been launched with 500 ml accelerator year, resulting in the introduction of 500 ml gold bottles, which have just filled the market gap for large-volume energy beverages.  Product location: according to the Beijing Business Press, the East Peng beverages market is concentrated mainly in the South, and the North market has been difficult to expand.
Woodley blames North and South cultures for the marked difference in life habits, and the small bottle can't be eaten in the North, so the East Peng beverages face up to the North market with a 500-ml large bottle. The 500-ml gold bottle owner's concept of a “big bottle is good” is more consistent with the living habits of the North, while the 500ml bottle is mostly priced and feedback in the Guangdong market is better.
▪ Outreach strategy: In the early days of the marketing of the 500ml gold bottle, Dong Poot quickly exposed the 500ml gold bottle to the market terminal by means of vehicle tags and banners hanging at the terminal; during the market field manipulation, Dong Peng played “uniform tactics”, the zero-bottle sales model; on the terminal display, the shelf display and the ice cabinet were used
A combination of the columns and the many displays of the competing pet bottles will increase market exposure; on the floor, the company will quickly pave the goods by giving the terminal owner a “free drink of one bottle and a two-dollar water” and in the south of the river, such as the Southyang, Xuchang, the Ma's store. On the marketing method, it will be “a prize for the bottle” and “one dollar” will be launched.
The sale of 250-ml gold bottles has been declining year by year. By analysing the company's equity statements, the company adjusted the relevant production lines, resulting in a reduction in the utilization rate of 250ml gold cylinders from 95.8% in 2017 to 77.2% in 2020, with a higher value of 500ml gold bottles replacing 250ml gold bottles.
Sex, as the company continues to open up the northern market, the sales of 500 ml gold bottles will break further, and we expect that the future 250 ml gold bottle sales will continue to rise as a result of the red cow dispute. The capacity utilization rate rose from 23.8% in 2017 to 63.9% in 2020, and the sales will continue to rise as a result of the decline in the share of the red cow market. 250 ml gold cans still have room for release, coupled with red cow trademark rights.
The debate is uncertain, and future revenues from the sale of 250 ml cans are expected to increase further. Taken together, the expansion of the company’s production capacity and the downfall of its channels will accelerate, and the 500 ml gold bottle will continue to test the company’s non-energy beverage cow knife for some time to come, and it is expected to become the second growth curve for East Plum.
The company's non-energy beverages are characteristic of the ridge. The company's non-energy beverages products consist mainly of vegetable beverages such as tea from lemons, tea from Chen Pitt, cool drinks (corranium tea, watermelon juice, cool tea) and milk beverages. The company packs the drinking water series, which consists mainly of drinking natural water and drinking pure water.
With the introduction of lemon tea in 2019, the new product has received better feedback in the Guangdong market, becoming a black horse in the lemon tea market. In terms of product composition, packaging, specifications, and marketing, the company has made some innovation in lemon tea:
Product composition: Lemon tea is made of magical fruit oils, coupled with physical fresh lemon juice, and has the effect of oiling and pyrolytic detoxification to meet the demand of young people for healthy drinks.
Product specifications: On the basis of the three existing specifications, Dong Peng has introduced a new large bottle of 555 ml, thus widening the application field of the product: a one-dollar treat for lemon tea, and consumers have the opportunity to buy lemon tea and participate in a one-dollar delivery.
In the case of product pricing, lemon tea uses a differentiated pricing strategy for doppelgangers, with full price ranges between $2 and $5.
Lemon tea breaks out of the old packaging image, caters to healthy tide trends, gets good slogans soon after it's launched. Although the whole idea of operations is not so different from that of Dong Peng, the company is faster on the layout of lemon tea.
Quantities, speeding up the construction of channels, or becoming a new profit-generating point for the Orang Peng, have increased steadily, improving the distribution of capacity across the country, and are roughly 50-60% of the production capacity of companies listed in the industry, with the orang Peng drinking capacity being used above the average of companies listed in the same industry.
From 2017 to 2020, the total production of beverages was 575,000 tons, 654,000 tons, 1,016,000 tons and 12.34 million tons, respectively. The capacity utilization rate was maintained at a high level, the productivity rate at the Ancade Production Base rose rapidly, at 40.0 per cent, 37.5 per cent and 52.5 per cent, respectively, and the production base was 25.7 per cent of the year ' s growth, with the capacity utilization rate rising steadily.
At present, the company’s capacity to produce energy beverages in the Guangdong region has been saturated and, in order to ease the tension between production capacity, the company has raised funds to build new production bases and to create a better distribution of production capacity. In 2020, the combined capacity of the Guangdong and Guangxi production bases was over 70% and remained at a high level. According to the offer, the company is proposing to raise $960 million to alleviate the bottlenecks in the production capacity of the company and improve its supply capacity.
The construction of the production base includes the construction of the production base in South China, the construction of the production base in Chongqing and the construction of the production base in Si Peng, and the second phase of the construction of the production base in Nanning, respectively, with a total investment of 4.7, 3.4 and 150 million yuan, amounting to 7.3, 5.1 and 200 million yuan, respectively. The construction of the three projects will result in production capacity of 48.12, 39.5 and 225,000 tons per year, respectively.
The company's sales costs consist mainly of promotional fees, salaries, transportation fees, etc., and include, among other things, television advertisements, Internet advertisements, outdoor advertising, and thematic activities.
From 2018 to 2020, the company invested $54, 4.3, and 410 million, respectively, in promotional costs. In 2018, the company invested $150 million to further enhance brand image and status in cooperation with the visual and today’s headlines and other media during the Russia-Ros World Cup.
In addition to traditional television advertising and outdoor publicity, such as bus bodies, subways, high railway stations, etc., companies have introduced new marketing models such as the Internet, video implants, sports electric competitions, in the context of contemporary young people’s lifestyles and consumption habits.
It's sponsored by the China-United, Russia-based, Hunan Watch.
The World Cup is broadcast.
"Single challenge win, Portuguese state screen ad."
There are a lot of promotional activities under the line to increase the heat of the product.
The consumer buys 250ml/500ml bottled to be used for a bottle of platinum. If the lid finds the words “a tank of fun” it can be bought in exchange for a tank of 250ml gold. The consumer buys 330ml or 555ml bottled “a lemon tea” and finds a “one dollar bottle of fun” – that is, a bottle of lemon tea of the same capacity that can be purchased in exchange for one dollar. The campaign has a combined prize of 20%, attracting many consumers.
Companies use the Internet as a tool to upgrade production, marketing, and management of their products, using such technologies as big data, two-dimensional codes, and move towards precision management and precision marketing. Companies seize the opportunity to work actively with new retail platforms to communicate in depth with target consumption groups.
In the era of media fragmentation, the Episcopal Beverages achieved good marketing effects through cross-border networking of these platforms, precision communication with the crowd. Chart 26.
In 2019, companies introduced saturated marketing strategies, with an emphasis on increasing the availability of “ground ads” that are closer to consumers and more frequent contact with consumers, reducing input from television stations, Internet advertising, and competition sponsorship.
From 2017 to 2020, the company’s sales cost fell from 29.0% to 21.0%. We judge that the company’s previous cost has already built up a good brand identity, that future cost will continue to ease, that the cost increase will be slower than the revenue increase, and that the cost rate will continue to decline.
The product distribution network has been improved, the national market has been expanded, the distribution network has been improved, the channels have been sunk.
After many years of market expansion and cultivation, companies have established a wide network of distributors, mail operators and wholesalers, retail terminals, wide-ranging, permeable, flat-level distribution networks. To date, some 1.2 million end-user registrations have been registered, with the largest number of users.
The company's combination of “producer and large circulation” and the apparent downflow of channels of the company's well-breeding beverages market are explorers and practitioners of “new retailing.” According to the offer notes, the company has formed Guangdong, Anhui, and Guang.
In the central markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, and China, where the beverages are mainly based on a company-based business model, there are experienced sales teams, all-round services downstream and retail terminals, and market maintenance is carried out in conjunction with distributors, postman/distributors and terminal stores.
(b) In other regions, a highly mobile business model is adopted, with highly experienced and powerful distributors working together with distributors.
The company is primarily responsible for terminal maintenance and enforcement, and the company supports distributors with advertising, marketing training, and mentoring. As sales expands and distribution networks, the number of regional distributors in the south-west and north-west is increasing, and companies are also subject to fine-tuning management of distributors to adjust to the expansion of sales.
From Guangdong, where sales began to expand the national market in an orderly manner, Dong Peng's beverages began to grow in Guangdong and, after years of market development, have built a stronger branding influence and competitive market advantage. From Guangdong, sales revenue was more than 50%, from 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020.
In order to better position the country’s market, expand its market share, and meet the needs of downstream customers, the company is also actively opening other markets, accelerating the “north” road. In 2013, the Antxy and Guangxi production bases were launched, and the Chinese and Qin Peng are now on schedule.
In addition, the 500-ml gold bottle was designed to better open up the northern market. The share of market sales revenue outside the East Peng Guangdong region rose from year to year, reaching 44.3 per cent by 2020, and the share of other regions will continue to rise as companies accelerate the process of developing national markets.
Figure 33.2017: Share of revenue by region of sale, Figure 34. Share of income by region, 2020. Based on the preceding analysis, we have made the following assumptions as to the future profitability of the beverages:
In the future, energy beverages are expected to continue to grow faster, with the expansion of new products leading to a high rate of growth in non-energy beverages. Currently, corporate sales are concentrated in the Guangdong region, and as markets open, the contribution of out-of-provincial sales to the growth in performance will be increased by 2, the company’s South China Production Base project, the Chongqing Si Pen Production Base project, and the Nanning Production Base II project.
It is expected to produce a production capacity of 48.12, 39.5 and 225,000 tons per year, respectively. We have selected six listed companies in the soft beverages industry,a compared with the dopium beverages in 2021 and 2022, which are above the industry median.
Risks of changing consumer demand and consumption habits. Markets do not exploit the expected risks.