Diffusion of competition with declining channels, continuous competitiveness enhancement In-depth study/food beverages sector 28 May 2021
The domestic energy beverage market: high growth + long life cycle, and continued expansion of the market size The energy beverage industry as a whole shows a strong growth rate, with 1% of the 2006-2014 harvest rising to 8% in 2019.
Cr1/cr5 accounts for 55/89% of the total.
At present, the company's Guangdong and Guangxi regions are seeking to expand their production capacity.
The production capacity of the Base ' s energy beverages has been saturated, and the contradictions in production capacity are becoming increasingly apparent. The South China Production Unit, compared to the depth of 300, and the construction of the Base and the Southning Production Base Phase II project, have helped to ease corporate capacity bottlenecks and improve supply capacity.
In the context of the central-western market, which has great potential for development, the company plans to build a Chongqing Si Peng production base, increase investment in the central-western city, reduce the service radius in the central-western region, reduce transport costs, and improve the country’s production capacity.
The company will use ipo to raise funds for new R & D centers to continuously upgrade product quality control techniques and processes, improve product quality and quantity safety control systems, and enhance product competitiveness. At the same time, the company will actively improve marketing networks and channels.
Various marketing areas, services and business offices, such as South China and East China, have made progress in localizing their products and services by strengthening the marketing services web site. In building channels, companies will increase their use of freezers for traditional and special/current channels and actively promote further downswing of marketing channels.
The Internet, as well as outdoor advertising, have increased branding. s01051901004 The project will be fully strengthened in terms of capacity, products, channels, etc. for post-partum companies, and will grow in the medium and long term.
Good, first-time coverage, “recommended” rating. Increased competition in the industry has resulted in higher-than-anticipated costs, falling demand in the industry, food safety issues, etc.
The company's main products include a series of energy beverages and non-energy beverages, with Middle Eastern pontoon having the second largest share of the country's energy beverage market, in which the company's main products are the energy beverage series and the non-energy beverage series.
The non-energy beverages consist mainly of tea-drinking products from lemon tea, vegetable beverages such as Peter Chen, cool beverages, and milk-flavored beverages. In addition, companies produce potable water packaged with natural water, pure water, etc.
At present, the “Tung Peng Peng” has become the leading national brand in the domestic energy and beverages market; it has formed a production base in major areas of the country, such as Guangdong, Anhui and Guangxi, with more than 1,000 distributors and a distribution network covering some 1.2 million end shops throughout the country.
1.2 The equity structure is clear, corporate governance is stable, the controlling shareholders and the actual control of the company are the man and his family, and the equity structure is strong. As of the date of signing the offer, the company held 199 million shares directly and, indirectly, the company ' s 102.3 million shares indirectly through investment.
Indirectly holding shares in the company through the Far East Road, and indirectly holding shares in the company by the Far East Pass, 20,000 shares in the company, and indirectly holding shares in the company by the Far East Pass, a total of 203 million shares in the company, or 56.43 per cent, as shareholders in the company and as actual controllers, and as legal representative and chairman of the board of directors.
Chen Wei-min, a partner in Dong Peng, is a brother to Chen Hai-ming, a partner in a limited investment: Chen Hai-ming, Chen Wei-ming, a partner in a limited partnership in a limited partnership in the company.
In general, the stock structure of the company is a family-type business that effectively controls people’s ownership of the company’s business, and the company’s equity structure is solid. On April 28, 2019, the East Ping Beverage Shareholders Assembly issued a resolution adopting the Equity Incentive Program.
In the programme, Liu Lihua, Lu Yifu, Jiang Vivi are involved in equity incentives through direct shareholding, Dong Peng, Dong Peng to Far, Dong Peng to the employee holding platform, and the company ' s top and upper technical cadres, business backbones, etc. are involved in equity incentives through the aforementioned stock holding platform. The value of the replenishment is $5,713 per share, Liu Lihua, Jiang Vivi, Lu Yi Fu, Dong Peng, Dong Ping to the capital.
Far East and East Peng Qing’s partners finance their own funds, and King’s investment funds are raised in private. 1.3 The company’s main business performance has been growing faster. 1.3 The company’s main business has been growing faster in recent years, and growth affected by the epidemic has slowed slightly in 2020.
The rise in net profit collections and homecomings, respectively, +38.55 per cent/+164.41 per cent, was mainly due to the company ' s saturated advertising, strong brand memory and further promotion of 500 ml gold bottles, which successfully filled the market ' s gap between major brands and large-volume energy beverages.
In terms of income structure, 500 ml and 250 ml gold bottles contribute the bulk of the revenue, of which 500 ml gold bottles remain high-speed, and the distribution area of the company is concentrated in Guangdong Province.
There has been steady growth, and companies have initially completed the marketing network layout of the national market. Since Guangdong Province is the most mature city in the company, it has been deep-down for many years, with about a third of the dealers larger than $10 million in size, while the national market is still in its infancy, with more than 90% of the distributors selling less than $5 million in size.
The company’s net profit ends are affected by the decline in the cost of sales and the cost of administration. There is a decrease in advertising costs, which is the main reason for the decline in the cost of sales, and sales personnel’s remuneration is lower than the industry’s average wage.
The amount of $543 million a year fell to 407 million in 2020, mainly because the company, in partnership with the Russian World Cup, launched a live campaign to raise its brand image in 2018, and reduced the cost of advertising affected by the epidemic in 2020. Sales workers ' salaries increased from 32.47% in 2018 to 42.62% in 2020, but remained below the line.
Average industry and remuneration levels of companies working with them, due to the company's fine-tuning management of the distribution channels, the low wages, the higher number of sales workers at the grass-roots level, which reduces overall remuneration levels.2 Market space: high growth + long life cycle, and continued expansion of market size
Against a background of weak overall growth in the beverage sector, energy beverages show high growth and maintain high double-digit growth, with incomes of 34 per cent in 2006-2014, 15 per cent in 2014-2019, energy beverages in 2014-2019, and energy beverages in the beverage sector. The development of energy beverages in the country can be divided into the following stages:
Import period (1984-2003): In 1995, Red Bull vitamin-based beverages entered China and began the continuous cultivation of the Chinese energy beverages market for more than 20 years: 2003 was an important turning point in China's energy beverage market. After the SARS epidemic, the national health consciousness was awakened, with pulses (Labour), 10 of them, activation (vahaha) and so on.
In the long term (2003-2016): after more than 10 years of growth in the Red Bull market, the energy beverage market has entered a fast and long term, maintaining a growth rate of more than 20% in 2006-2015, at 32% in gagr.
Until 2016, Red Bulls held more than 50 per cent of the energy beverages market, and there was no direct competition with Red Bulls for 11.2 per cent growth. In 2016, the industry leader Wabing Red Bull and Tianxing in Thailand were in a trademark rights dispute, many drinking brands took advantage of the layout and energy beverages market, Monster entered the Chinese market in 2016, and “Enough”
As a result, many energy sources, such as fire, Wahaha's "quick" and the "magic" power of Hua Yun Yibao, and the introduction of Xs by the direct-selling firm Alley, entered the market immediately after that, dividing the market share of the red cow, the energy beverage industry, and entering the pattern adjustment period. 2.2 Driver: consumer groups and consumption scenes continue to expand.
We believe that the development of the road transport industry and the increase in the number of students are the central driving forces behind the growth of energy beverages, as shown by the fact that long-distance drivers and student groups are the key forces for the growth of energy beverages; and that, looking ahead, more diversified functional positioning and growing consumption have led to a growing consumption landscape, with the energy beverages industry at a very high price.
2.2.1 The long-distance driver is the main consumer. The red cow entered the Chinese market when it was the golden period for the development of China's road transport industry.
According to Ministry of Transport data, the volume of passenger and cargo vehicle production increased from 321.1 million in 1998 and 73.56 million in 2010, to 2,465.3 million and 3,9157 million, respectively, with a combined growth rate of 18.51% and 36.28%, respectively.
2.2.2 Internet cafes and competitions are important special channels. Research has shown that energy drinks are more widely used by the Internet-addicted student population.
The number of users grew at a high rate during the period 2003-2010, with a compound growth rate of 47.04%, when a large number of cybercafés contributed to the consumption of the energy beverage industry. The electricity market surged in 2015 as energy beverages.
The Ministry of Music, the concept of energy beverages is tied to the depth of the electric competition. 2.2.3 Students' preparation and white collar overtime open up the consumption scene.
The increase in the consumption of energy beverages is limited to manual workers, students under stress for preparation, and white collars under pressure for overtime. The increase in the number of applicants for competitive examinations since the rise of 2017 has been sustained, reaching 3.77 million in 2021, or 1.88 times that of 2017.
Figure 23: Number of applicants: Figure 24: Overtime becoming the norm for consumers at all ages 2.2.4 The national movement rises in enthusiasm
The country has always attached great importance to the health and physical condition of its citizens, and since 1995 has put in place a number of policies to encourage them to enhance physical exercise and improve their health. According to statistics from the Chinese General Directorate of Sports, the total output of our sports competitions has increased from RMB 1.95 billion in 2015 to RMB 30.850 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 19.85 per cent; and sports and physical fitness.
The total output of idle activity rose from $27,690 million in 2015 to $17,966.6 billion in 2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 59.6 per cent, with various marathons running from 22 in 2011 to 2,185 in 2019, during which time it was 77.86 per cent, of which in 2016 it was during the marathon and 9.86 times the total in 2015.
Figure 26: Total output of the sports industry (million yuan) 2.3 Space outlook: The domestic energy and beverages market is expected to break out of 100 billion in 2025. The optimistic assumption is that the domestic energy and beverage market is expected to break out of 100 billion yuan in 2025, amounting to 118.1 billion yuan.
Increases: (1) The sports industry and the competitive electricity market are expected to continue to flourish, national physical activity participation continues to increase, public competition for examinations is increasing and the increasing frequency of overtime is difficult to improve in the short term, thus driving price increases: the increase in energy beverage prices is not evident, but with the introduction of new energy beverages, there is a product upgrading of energy beverages.
3 Competition patterns: high-end vs, large differences in positioning of brand consumer groups 3.1 status: monopolistic competition. Patterns tightened. Typical monopolistic competition patterns, 55% for industry cr1 and 70% for industry cr2.
Energy drink cr5 is 89%, and the Bing Bing Bull is sold on a scale of over 23 billion, with the city as a whole accounting for about 55%, with a larger share. The second-tier business is dominated by Orang Ping, Lai-Hu, and Middle-Wu, with revenue in the range of 3-7 billion yuan, and the second-tier leadership of Dong Peng is gradually expanding.
High growth + low threshold, and tight competition patterns. We believe that the pattern of competition in the industry is changing considerably, from the former red-collar monopoly to full competition, as follows: 1) The number of brands in the industry has increased, domestic brands have increased, including the names of Eli, Farmer Springs, Townsend, and overseas brands, including Monster, Olymi, Kalabo, and m150, have been in recent years.
Entering the China market; 2) Industry concentration is dissipated, with cr1 falling from 90% to 55% between 2011 and 2020, and we believe that labor participation rates, disposable income, and business strategy determine that the energy beverage industry has a typical dual market structure in the world. Domesticly, it is seen as a “high end” with a price of $6/250 ml and a “popular” market.
(1) High-end products, mainly players in the Red Cow family, have always been the most competitive brands, but as the Tianxing Red Cows and the Austrian Red Cows have stepped up China’s market openings, competition in high-end markets has intensified. At the same time, some brands have focused on the needs of young consumers, the product content is naturally non-incremented, zero sugar is healthy, and the high-end market has been stepped up.
(ii) Mass goods, major brands such as Orang Ping, Lok-ho, and body energy, followed by red cattle in product composition and product positioning, with price-differentiating strategies, and focused on resistance to fatigue.
3.2 High-end vs Mass: there are significant differences in the positioning of consumer groups between brands. There are clear differences between high-end markets for energy beverages and mass markets, not only in terms of the difference between price bands, but also in terms of consumption groups, channel patterns, advertising levels. We believe that differences lead to high-end markets.
Both brands have their own consumer group range. There is some overlap between the two groups, but there is little overlap. 3.2.1 differences in consumer groups: red bulls are heavy consumers, east pontoons are blue-collar consumers, red cow consumers have long periods of mental occupation, consumers are concentrated at the upper end and heavy at the age of 25-45.
Consumers tend to be the majority. Consumers are younger, recombinant with small portions of red cow consumers, relatively more price-sensitive, and 3.2.2 differences in channels: red bulls are modern channels, doppelgangers are depressed markets. From these channels, high-end channels, dominated by red bulls, are mainly modern channels, and are concentrated in priority cities,
The provincial capital city, etc.; the popular branding channel, which is dominated by East Penang, is mainly a grocery store, a factory supermarket, etc., and is concentrated in sunk markets such as sub-districts, counties, towns, etc. 3.3 Overseas experience: the development logic of “popular energy beverages” in the context of Thai market development
We believe that Thailand’s experience in the development of the energy beverage industry is better guidance for the domestic market, on the one hand because of the birth of the red cow, which was born in Thailand, and, on the other hand, because Thai energy beverages are dominated by the mass market, the market structure is more in line with the market characteristics of Dong Peng. We draw three points from Thailand’s development experience: 1) One dollar price structure vs binary price structure, Wah Binhong.
The high-priced strategy of cattle gives the domestic market a huge sinking space; (2) homogenous competition vs. competition vs. competitions in the country are more relaxed, and the differentiated route gives East Peng a living space; 3) “bottom-up” vs “top-down”, vs. Dong Peng is responsive to top-down trends in domestic industries, with clear logic for growth.
3.3.1 Thailand’s market competition pattern: the Triumph Monopoly Market The current Thai energy beverages market presents a typical multi-brand competition pattern, with M-150, Karabau, and Thai Red Bull 3 branding markets accounting for nearly 90%. However, the pattern of competition has changed considerably over the past three decades in industrial development:
(1) Thailand's Red Bull fell from first to third in the industry because: 1) the brand name of the Red Bull was born early and its product was firmly tied to the bottom workers and subject to brand image restrictions in the context of the gradual industrial upgrading in 1999; 2) the Red Bull quickly opened the market in the early years through a draw, but in 2000 the government banned the energy beverages from a “smoking prize” campaign.
Red Bulls are also a major blow. (2) The Karaboro army, which emerged in 2001, quickly became the second largest industry, relying mainly on a strong network of channels, motorcade marketing, and a clearer brand image (in collaboration with rock bands, with new features such as passion, dynamism, etc.).
(3) m150 is the second largest in the industry and continued to be a leader in the period 2000-2020, but its parent company has also introduced high-end energy beverage brands such as shark to extend the life cycle of the company.
3.3.2 Reciprocal one: successful channels in the marketing war Weak barriers to competition in mass markets, channels and prices are competitive logic, core competitiveness lies in the network of distributors and high-strength marketing policies. Thai cattle became the first market share in 1980-1999, based mainly on one-size-fits-all lines.
In 2018, Karabeau plans to increase the number of caravans from 52 to 400, and distribution centres from 4 to 30 in two years to improve domestic distribution coverage and launch.
We believe that the Thai energy beverages market is characterized by both popular positioning and price transparency.
The market environment is similar. Popular positioning: Unlike the European and American markets, Thai energy and beverage consumers are concentrated in the “blue-collar class”, including those with higher physical consumption, such as builders, drivers, farmers, etc., who have relatively low levels of income and are more sensitive to prices.
As a result, after the 1980 boom in market demand, major branders presented a clear popular feature in product design, i.e., relatively simple packaging, low price levels, and pro-people campaigns in marketing. Price transparency: because energy beverages are more homogenous and “blue collars” are more price-sensitive.
Thailand m-150, and Thailand’s red bulls fought more frequently in the 1980’s–1990’s, eventually leading to a core single end price falling between 10-15 baht/150 ml, at around 2–3 yuan/150 ml. Even after the emergence of Karabo in 2000, offensive products were priced at 10 baht/150 ml.
3.3.4 Reciprocal III: From price competition to product upgrading, all three brands have started to push for product upgrading since 2000 as the energy beverages market in Thailand becomes more saturated, avoiding a deterioration in competition and a decline in channel thrust.
(i) Upgrading mode I, add additions: in 2011, m150, Kalabao added honey, enthusiasts and vitaminsb-12 to energy beverages, mainly in terms of health and natural concepts, and since then there has been an increase in municipal ownership. (2) Upgrading mode II, creating high-end brands: in 2000, the m-150 parent company launched the shark brand, followed by the branding of the m-150 parent company
lonfaggroup launched e-beverage brands, tcpharma rolled out ready to become a leader in popular energy beverage high-end brands (3) Mode 3 upgrades, brand culture: since 2000, major Thai businesses have increased the cost of supporting branding culture, such as m-150 linking brands to rifle weapons in order to shape hard and masculinity brands
Images; Karabau focuses on brand marketing through thematicization with popular rock and country bands. Through branding, unique marketing themes are positioned to emphasize the real benefits to different consumer groups. 3.4 Spills: The future of Dong Peng - differential positioning and channels in binary price structure markets
We compare the domestic energy and beverage market with the Thai market and draw the following three lessons: (1) a one-dollar price structure vs. a double price structure: the high price strategy of the Wabing Red Bull has caused the domestic market to sink dramatically.
Unlike Thailand, where prices competed in the early stages of the industry, the Chinese Red Bull followed the Austrian Red Bulls for high-priced policies, mostly on high-end drinking routes, but also gave other prices full room to develop their products. China’s consumer group has typical multilevel attributes, with a strong pre-emptive advantage, but behind it is a major part of the head market.
Given the population base and channel penetration factors, we believe that there is still much room for downward growth in the mass market. (2) Homogenized competition vs. Differentiated competition: domestic competition patterns have eased in recent years, with differential routes giving.
In contrast to the highly homogenous competition in the Thai market, domestic energy beverages are divided into high-end and two public markets, and there are clear differences in consumption groups and channel structures, so the differentiated strategy of “big packaging plus low-priced” can, to a certain extent, avoid competition with the red cow. And, due to the conflict between Tianx and Wabing’s branding mandate, Wabing has in recent years been able to compete directly with the Red Bull.
The cost of red cow vitamins has been significantly reduced, and is somewhat better off than the low cost expansion in East Peng. Since 2018, the increase in the net interest rate in the context of the stability of Maori has been largely due to a drop in marketing costs, which we believe has been the result of a significant reduction in air billing by the Chinese Bull in recent years.
(3) “bottom-up” upgrades vs. “top-down” penetration, and growth paths are clear: Thailand’s energy beverages industry is growing from low-end to high-end, while the country is moving from high-end to low-end, which is less difficult than the former. Dongpu is well positioned, in line with the industry’s “top-down” growth path, benefiting from red cows at the macro level.
The industry costs of trademark disputes have slowed down, benefiting from a more sank of their own channels at the micro level.4 The expansion of capacity has enhanced the advantages of scale, the consolidation of the growth base 4.1 capacity utilization has long been high, and the scale effect has been significant
4.1.1 The company maintains a high level of capacity utilization and sales, which is guaranteed by the production model for the sale of stock. The company is currently using the production model “for the sale of stock” to prepare production plans in accordance with the marketing plan and to make dynamic adjustments to the actual sales to ensure the timeliness of supply,
Reducing the stock of companies and channels and ensuring the freshness of products. Thus, from 2017 to 2020, the company sales rate remained essentially constant, with annual increases in energy and beverage production capacity, and the problem of sufficiency in production gradually became apparent. From 2017 to 2020, the utilization rate was 85.20 per cent/65.48 per cent and 73.00 per cent and 88.31 per cent, respectively.
High annual capacity utilization, which often means a high rate of high yield capacity, was maintained at a higher level than in the reporting period at the production bases in Guangdong and Guangxi, from 2018 to 2020, at a combined capacity utilization rate of +76.55 per cent, +79.22 per cent and +75.76 per cent, respectively: the productivity of Anhui production base rose rapidly, at +40.01 per cent, +37.52 per cent and +52.51 per cent, respectively.
The production base covers the company’s supply of products in the regions of China, China, China, North, China, China, and the region from 2018 to 2020. With growing market demand, the company has developed into a number of production bases, such as pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, pelicans, and pelicans. The company’s production base is now located mainly in the Guangdong region.
As the company expands to national markets in the future, the new distribution of capacity will gradually move northwards, commensurate with the expansion of downstream markets. The company’s full product line production capacity is now about 1.6 million tonnes/year, with all production bases under construction reaching the post-partum stage, and is expected to reach about 2.7 million tonnes.
4.2 The project for fund-raising effectively expands existing production capacity, and the construction of production bases is steadily advancing. 4.2.1 The company is using ipo to raise funds for the construction of three new production bases.
At present, the company’s capacity to produce energy beverages in the Guangdong and Guangxi regions has been saturated, and the contradictions in production capacity have become increasingly apparent. The construction of the South China Production Base and the South China Production Base II project has helped to ease corporate capacity bottlenecks and improve supply capacity.
In the case of the central and western markets, which have great potential for development, the company plans to build the Chongqing Si Peng production base, increase its investment in the central and western market, reduce the radius of services in the central and western regions, reduce transport costs and improve the country’s production capacity. With the implementation of this fund-raising investment project, the capacity of the company to expand in South China, Nanning, Chongqing bases will be increased.
At the same time, the company will apply sterile cold-filling techniques and state-of-the-art production equipment to further improve the quality and efficiency of its products and reduce their production process.
4.2.2 The South China Production Base addresses the capacity bottlenecks in the Guangdong region. The South China Production Base will ease the capacity bottlenecks in the Guangdong region and improve the company's supply capacity.
The project is intended to build six production lines, including two canned beverages, two beverages and two beverages (cold-filled) for a 36-month period, with a capacity of 48.12 million tons of beverages.
Economic benefits: three-year construction period, five-year delivery period, static investment recovery period after project income tax (including construction period) 4.2.2 Chongqing Production Base is located in the central and western regions, and Chongqing Production Base will be further expanded to improve production capacity in the central and western regions.
This project is intended to build five production lines, including three beverage production lines, one bottled beverages (cold-filled) production line, and one packaged drinking water production line. The project will result in production capacity of 39.5 million tons per year.
4.2.3 The Nanning Production Base II project, which expands capacity in the Guangxi region, will expand production capacity in the Guangxi region and alleviate the lack of production capacity.
The project envisages the construction of three bottling production lines. Once completed, the project will result in the production of 22.5 million tons per year. Economic benefits: 3 years of construction of the second phase of the Nanning production base and 5 years of delivery.
The cost of raw materials accounts for more than 80% of the company’s main operating costs, and white sugar and bottles are the most important raw materials for production. As the State’s support to agriculture has increased steadily in recent years, the supply of white sugar has been adequate and the market has been competitive.
Sugar prices have shown a more pronounced downward trend since the beginning of 2018, with a rapid recovery in the second half of the year, and a gradual shock-down trend since the end of the year 2019. As the main raw material for energy-resistant beverages, sulfonic acid has a direct impact on the business.
The supply of sulfonic acid is sufficient with the improvement of production processes and the release of productive capacity in the Cow sulfate industry. Café is the second category of psychotropic substances for which, under the Regulations on the Control of Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, the State implements a system of targeted production. The relevant sectors determine the number and layout of caffeine enterprises based on the total demand for caffeine.
Production and sale of morphine are regulated by the State, supply meets downstream demand and prices are stable. Companies have maintained stable partnerships with suppliers of raw materials. Since its establishment, companies have long focused on the development, production and sale of beverages and have established stable cooperation between companies and well-known suppliers of raw materials at home and abroad in the long-term course of business development
The South China Production Base project is located in the city of Guangzhou, and the South Ning Production Base II project is located in the high technology industry development area of Nanning City. For many years, the company has been working deep in South China, where there are long-term, stable and high-quality suppliers to ensure demand for raw materials at the South China Production Base and South Ning Production Base II.
The Chongqing Si Peng Production Base project is located in the Kowloonpo district of Chongqing City. Chongqing is the centre of the economy in the upper Yangtze region, which is located in Sichuan, Guizhou, Shaanxi, etc., and is well resourced and supplied with raw materials.5 Energy beverages are competitive and new products continue to open new markets.
5.1 The energy beverages business has grown steadily, and the main product Māori rate has stabilized. From the product structure, companies have relied more on the sale of energy beverages. While companies have been rolling out other series of products, such as lemon tea, in recent years, overall sales have been relatively small.
The company's flagship and dominant product since its inception has generated more than 80 per cent of its energy beverages during the reporting period, with monthly sales earning 68.60 per cent, and gold cans and bricks supplementing bottled products to meet some of the consumer's needs for diversion, which have increased steadily during the reporting period.
The main reason for this is a decrease in the cost of raw materials due to lower market prices for polyester slices, in addition to an increase in production from 18.7 to 51.56 million tons in 2019 and a decrease in unit labour costs and manufacturing costs, which further contributed to an increase in the Māori rate.
Factories prices and terminal retail instruction prices, of which clinker prices were revised from $55/box (including taxes) to $46/box (including taxes), end retail instruction prices were revised from $3.5/bottles to $3/bottles, resulting in a decrease in the Māori rate.
In terms of costs, the unit cost of 2019 cans decreased by 18.94%, mainly from three cans to two cans in the second half of 2018, resulting in a decrease in material costs.
The overall Mäori ratio of 250 ml is stable, with Mäori rates fluctuated slightly between 2019 and 2020, mainly due to changes in unit prices due to differences in annual BW promotions. The difference in Mäori rates for the four energy beverages is mainly due to differences in sales pricing from unit costs.
In terms of prices, the company ' s 500ml gold cylinders, 250ml gold cans and 250ml bricks from 2018 to 2020 stabilized onshore; 250ml gold cylinders were adjusted from $55/box down to $46/box at the end of 2019, and the terminal retail instruction price was revised from $3.5/bottle down to $3/bottle, resulting in 250ml bricks, 250ml gold cylinders, 250ml gold cans, 500ml gold cylinders, and the terminal retail guidance price was $2/box,
The product ladders of $3/bottles, $4/cans and $5/bottles meet the market ' s diversification needs.The highest unit cost of the company ' s 500 ml bottle in 2018-2020 is due mainly to its maximum capacity, double that of other groups, and the higher cost of the contents.
In 2019 and 2020, the unit cost of the 500 ml bottle was less than two times that of the 250 ml bottle, mainly because the cost of packaging per 500 ml bottle was lower than the amount of packaging required for the production of two 250 ml bottles, and the direct labour and manufacture cost of the 500 ml bottle per box was only slightly higher than 250 ml.
There are differences in the packaging of products, with gold cans having the highest cost of metal packaging and bricks having the lowest cost of carbohydrate packaging.5.2 Non-energy beverages and the non-energy beverages business are still in the market start-up phase.
In 2018, the company repackaged Chen Pitt's drink: the new product “from lemon tea” introduced in 2019 was favoured by consumers. In 2018, the company's non-energy beverages had a negative Māori rate, mainly in smaller production and higher unit costs; in 2019, the company had a high unit cost.
New products have grown faster from lemon tea sales, but both prices and costs are relatively high and are in the marketing phase, with higher promotions and lower Māori rates for products; in 2020, the company ' s Māori rate for non-energy beverages was +9.28%, mainly due to the active introduction of a range of non-energy beverages and new drinking water products.
In 2019, 310ml cans were placed on the market, helping to consolidate a local market that is more favourable to skin efficiency and taste, and fostering faithful consumers, while increasing the viewing of the restaurant in the light of the unique value of the oil. In 2017, the company made a small roll of lemon tea, and in 2019, 380ml bottles were put on the market and promoted widely, successfully cutting hundreds of millions of degrees of tea.
The beverage market, which creates new products for non-energy beverages strategy, increases consumer breeding in multi-product ladders: gift-driven festivals with gift boxes; canned food-driven meals off-line; 330 ml vials targeted at primary and secondary school children and female consumption groups, with a 3-dollar share of drinking products: 555 ml bottles cut into the main drink belt.
Packaging drinking water is still in the market extension phase. From 2017 to 2020, the company’s share in packing the drinking-water plate business decreased, while the company’s new large bottled specification of 750 ml increased the unit price. As packaged drinking water is still in the market extension phase and is used for more grant promotion, the overall Māori rate is lower.
5.3 The iPo project strengthens R & D capabilities, and non-energy beverages products are expected to be enriched by new R & D centres, with sustained and stable R & D inputs. Companies introduce more cutting-edge R & D equipment, innovation in product functions, taste, packaging etc., improved upgrading of existing products, and higher consumer demand,
By building research and development centers, companies will continue to develop product quality control techniques and crafts, improve product quality safety control systems, and enhance product market competitiveness. In the past, companies built on a well-developed marketing system, high-level R&D capabilities, and actively distributed other types of beverages.
The use of high-efficiency leaching techniques has significantly increased the rate of leaching of the nine-form skins, further optimized the taste of the product and enhanced the value and taste of the product, which is popular in the Rimnan region. Through the implementation of this project, companies can enrich product types and meet the demand for market diversification.
The research and development directions of the new R & D centre include, inter alia, basic research, applied research and product research, specific research and development innovations in raw materials, process technologies, new products, new packaging, etc. The main objective of the basic research is to establish screening, identification and evaluation methods for active ingredients and odour-based substances, as well as to conduct odour substance identification, functional factor identification.
The main objectives of the applied research are: first, to study the selection of raw material varieties suitable for beverages processing, and to improve the quality control system for the corresponding material; and, second, to study raw material in the underlying research.
The main objective of product research is to study, analyse and upgrade existing product structures to ensure that corporate products remain core competitive in terms of quality and concept.6 The marketing model is based on distribution and actively improves marketing networks and channels.
6.1 The distribution model is dominated by a marketing network covering the entire country The distribution model is dominated by the company, which combines the distribution model with a variety of direct and online models, creating a comprehensive, stereo and wide-ranging distribution system. The company distribution model achieved a share of income as a percentage of income from the main business between 2017 and 2020.
Market ownership has steadily increased with the distribution of more than 1,000 salesmen, co-distributors, and about 1.2 million end-gates nationwide, relying on a distribution network and a well-developed marketing management system. Corporate distribution is dominated by buyout.
(a) The marketing model of the company, which is equipped with a full range of services, downstream channels and retail terminals, working with distributors, post operators/ Wholesales and end-shops to maintain and develop markets and increase the marketing of products; and in other regions, mainly through a high-volume operating model, where highly powerful distributors are selected in cooperation with distributors, who are primarily responsible for the maintenance and execution of the terminals;
Companies support distributors with advertising, marketing training and guidance. The company’s direct-account model is based on cooperation with large gas station conveniences and large chains of supermarkets, entering into purchase and sale contracts with such end-of-service retailers, and directly delivering goods to customers and settling loans.
The proportion is low, with direct company revenue from 2017 to 2020 being 0.04%, 0.35%, 1.16%, 0.97%, and direct channel sales being dominated by partnerships with mainstream sales platforms such as Skycat and Kyundong, selling company products through the establishment of flagship shops and distributions.
On the one hand, beverage products tend to be more consumer-oriented, instantaneous, traditional petty stores, convenience stores, commercial super-trading retail outlets, with high penetration and coverage rates, and on the other hand, beverage products have a higher weight and higher freight costs on-line, so that the sale of beverages is usually dominated by sales below-line and on-line as an auxiliary channel.
The company intends to invest in the marketing network upgrade and brand promotion project, which is expected to last 36 months.
The upgrading of marketing points, the acquisition of premises, the construction of several marketing areas, services and public premises, including South China and East China, further improve the quality of services by strengthening the marketing services network and localizing marketing and services, which will enable the rapid and accurate collection of information on client needs, further improve market responsiveness and problem resolution capabilities and increase client satisfaction.
In terms of channel construction, traditional retail outlets are the company’s main distribution channels, and as consumption levels increase and consumption scenes diversify, special/modern channels such as supermarket chains, large stores, chains and convenience stores become important outlets for the beverage industry. Companies will increase their investment in traditional and special/modern channels throughout the country.
In the area of branding, the company's main product, which is the type of beverages represented by the “drink of East Pants”, is fast-discharged, characterized by a large number of consumers, wide coverage, and multiple channels.
Important tools for branding and promotion will be increased by companies through television advertising, Internet advertising and outdoor advertising, which will increase brand visibility and strengthen brand leadership.7 Income dismantling and profit forecasting
7.1 Dismantling of revenues and forecasting: (1) the company will achieve a volume increase through the optimization of existing capacity; (2) the company ' s ipo will be gradually released and its size will be fully realized. We expect that the company ' s main growth in the future will come from increased volume and non-energy of energy beverages.
Research and development of new beverage products will maintain a relatively stable average price of major products. 7.2 Cost versus profit assumptions. Raw material cost assumptions: a small upturn in future prices of major raw materials, such as sugar, sulfonic acid and package materials, is expected to occur, but
The Māori ratio assumes that future Māori rates for energy beverages are expected to remain stable. Non-energy beverages will grow rapidly as downstream market acceptance increases, and costs and R&D costs will be effectively spread.
Arithmetic arithmetical arithmetic methods for profit forecasting and valuation analysis.
About 20 times, although the company’s valuation level is below that of the major comparable companies is not significant. But considering that the ipo project will be completed after delivery, the company’s capacity, products, channels, etc. will be fully enhanced, and the company’s medium-term growth and characterization are expected to be well above that of the two major comparable companies, it is expected that the company’s valuation level will increase effectively after listing.
Based on the net return profit in 2020, the current industry is less than 1 in a comparable company, DeLulu/stwig/drink/fragrance, showing that the company has a better valuation advantage and a stronger medium- and long-term investment value at the price of the share issue. Compared to comparable companies in the industry with the corresponding peg level in 2021-2023, the market is expected to be peg-fed and fragranced after 2022.
Each is greater than one, and the share price is not clearly underestimated. Compared to companies in the industry, the dopium beverages have a lower peg level, suggesting a higher margin of security for valuation and a significantly lower risk than other comparable companies in the industry.
Increased competition in the industry has led to higher-than-anticipated costs, falling demand in the industry, food security, etc. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized in Jing, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies, etc.
In 2018, he joined Liu Guanghi, a research assistant in the food and beverages industry. A Bachelor of Arts, Master of Economics, Wuhan University. In 2020, he joined the Chinese Institute of Securities, which covered food-altering products, milk, and had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,