- The lithium industry (002460.sz), the lithium industry, the value of left-hand resources, the value of right-hand production.
The standard of 25 February 2021 should be an organic combination of resources and production. The scarcity of high-quality resources leads to the dominance of resources: household concentration leads to reliance on the ability to produce lithium salt in order to realize its value.
Cao Xuant compares the company’s comparative advantages in terms of its resources and productive capacity. The company’s equity resources amount to 10,831 million tons, or 42% of the same company, and its market value reserves are in the first echelon, with a clear advantage; the company anticipates that it will be in the first echelon.
Market value production is more than comparative, and in the company’s history, the expansion of capacity is higher. The market size is about $234 billion per ton, the lithium salt industry is worth $36.45 billion, and the lithium source sector is 28.35 billion: the market value of the lithium industry at the maturity of the market is $459.6 billion, of which the lithium salt processing business is involved.
An analysis of the historical lithium price supply and demand relationship, with a clear exponential relationship and a 24-month delay. A compilation of historical lithium price supply and demand relationship, with a clear exponential relationship y = 0.54fftimes0.0003*+8.964, is relevant at 97%.
The price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) to be calculated with a balance of supply and demand would be US$ 13512/t, taking into account 95 per cent confidence range, at US$ [12152.85,15056.612]/t; the price lag period would be combined and the resulting delay period would be the most effective, with 97 per cent relevant.
From the point of view of the relationship between supply and supply and prices, there are differences between lithium prices and traditional bulk commodities. The logic of the traditional commodity week is based on a return in mean value, while traditional supply and demand-price models for growing metals such as lithium are not well explained; the point at which lithium prices are carried out is consistent with the pace of variation between supply and demand, understandably.
For the “market mood traps supported by the basics of supply and demand”, attention should be paid to the supply of lce, with a power battery of 615,000 tons, storage battery of 882 million tons, 3c battery of 8.39 million tons and transfer industry of 12.96 million tons. By 2025, the supply and demand gap for lithium was 3.87 per cent, and capacity utilization was 73.7 per cent.
The price of international lithium salt is estimated at 105,000 tons and the domestic price at 140,000 tons. There is still a strong support. While there will be no supply shortfall for the present and for the next two years, the price of lithium is supported by a relatively stable supply and demand curve analysis.
By the end of 2021, the direct variable is the realization of the production of additional salt lakes, including the arcama, 2, Non-ferrous Metals: Recalculation of the Lithium Price Cycle, cauchari-olarooz, and the Zalkhan Salt Lake project. The estimated high-price price of lithium salt phase is cif Asian electricity.
Lithium carbonate at the pool level is about 80,000 tons, and lithium carbonate at the domestic battery level is about 95,000 tons. Investment advice: from industry space analysis, companies have not overestimated, lithium prices have not arrived, and there is still room for escalation.
The industry has successfully expanded from middle-to-low lithium compounds to metal manufacturers to up and down the industrial value chain. Operations cut through upstream lithium resource development, middle-to-stream lithium salt deep processing, and metal lithium refining, downstream lithium battery manufacturing, and the integrated recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries have become the world’s leading lithium eco-business.
The production capacity of more than five major groups of lithium compounds and lithium metal products is the main source of revenue and profit from the most fully supplied lithium salt series. The company’s main business is concentrated on the smelting and extended processing of lithium series products, whose share has remained essentially stable at about 75% from 2018 to 2020h1, with Māori contributing more than 90%.
Lithium cell, core and related materials. The business of lithium cell, core and related materials received 69% of the revenue from the plate business in the first half of last year, compared to 6.53% in 2017. Lithium cell, core and related materials are up from year to year in terms of revenue, Māori contribution, and lithium salt operations are stable.
Building on this step, it has become a new profit growth point for companies.
The company has steadily advanced the global mapping of lithium resources and has stabilized targeting of high-quality raw materials. Since 2012, it has launched a process of M&A of high-quality resources off the sea, currently controlling many of the lithium mine resources in Australia, Argentina, Mexico, and Ireland and China, creating a stable, high-quality, diversified system of raw materials supply.
In terms of the manner in which the acquisition is made, the small run is robust and reduces the risk of overseas operations. Investments are made in a way that allows for the sale of assets to ensure a stable supply of raw materials, and the company is mostly in stock, not in control, and does not need to be deeply involved in the management of the enterprise being acquired.
Low upfront risk of overseas operations. 1.3 The continued expansion of lithium salt in the middle of the country. The ability of the company to produce lithium salt expands rapidly.
Growth to 54,241.2 tons (2019), with an annual compound growth rate of 25.8 per cent, is steady compared to the expansion of the company’s capacity in the lithium industry, which is the leading industry.
The expansion, sales and sales rates are also maintained at a relatively stable level, effectively meeting the needs of downstream customers while reducing the cost of holding stocks.
Long-term lock-in for downstream giants, with a solid client base. The lithium industry effectively balances business development, customer structure, and profitability.
The Agency’s cooperation and supply contracts, as well as long-term supply agreements and memorandums of strategic cooperation, are currently providing a solid foundation for the company’s medium- and long-term development, with the exception of Tesla’s ongoing negotiations over the duration of the agreement.
Sale of a total of 926,000 tons of battery-grade lithium products to lig chemistry: in conjunction with the global electric vehicle mainframe plant, the purchase of Tesla in the year was about 20 per cent of the total capacity of the company ' s battery-grade lithium hydroxide in that year, with an agreed three-year extension until the end of 2020; and with the European Automobile Mass (Germany), BMW.
The lithium industry has long-term partnerships with high-quality downstream customers that benefit from such advantages as the quality of its products, the size of its production capacity, and business operations.
There are four big global power cells (lig chemistry, Ninder era, Biade, pine), as well as popular, BMW, Tesla, etc. Since 2018, the need for lithium hydroxide has increased significantly as a result of the rising demand for high nickel batteries.
At the time of signing the agreement with the company, the company was required to deliver 4.76 million tons of lithium hydroxide. Over the protocol supply of 50% of the supply, enough to supply 1 million electric vehicles.
With the exception of a joint venture between pilbara and log to establish self-sufficiency in the Republic of Korea of 30,000 tons of raw materials per year of lithium processing plants, the remaining suppliers have neither the total nor the average annual supply of this lithium industry, which is the external supplier with the highest concentration of lithium hydroxide, and is expected to further enhance its supply capacity in the future as the company becomes capable of building new lithium hydroxide production capacity.
In the face of the current upward pressure on the cost of raw materials upstream of batteries, Tesla and the public and BMW have chosen to maintain a stable supply relationship with the supplier upstream of the raw materials, with the aim of achieving a more cost-effective battery procurement strategy. The company’s Memorandum of Strategic Cooperation with the German public, in addition to the company’s memorandum of cooperation with the German public, is targeted for supply to the German public and its suppliers over the next 10 years.
In addition to the company's right to supply lithium chemical products, the public in Germany will also be working with companies on future issues such as battery recycling and solid-state batteries as suppliers of raw materials for upstream lithium products, working closely with downstream batteries, mainframes, and downstream customers, where the network of plant radiation, represented by the industry, is solid and deep downstream.
The situation of core clients has developed, and it is expected that the future will be facilitated by new energy vehicle trends and the ability of companies to climb up the slope. 2. Looking back at the company's valuation from the future of the lithium industry.
In 2035, we expect the lithium industry to enter a relatively mature phase after 50 per cent penetration of new energy vehicles. Taken together, at a price of 90,000 tons, the scale of the lithium salt market is about 23.4 billion yuan, with tons of lithium carbonate in power cells requiring 2.1 million tons.
In 2035, the storage battery is expected to require 224,840 tons of lithium carbonate. In 2020, lithium carbonate was required for 22.7 million processors, whose business model was close to non-ferrous metal selection and manufacturing of chemical raw materials and chemical products.
The cost of raw materials consumed in this industry is 77.81%, mainly for lithium concentrate, and 33% for lithium salt. In the case of lithium salt: 2340*0/1558=36.45 billion: lithium resource: 2340*
The net profit from the lithium industry was 65 per cent Māori and 30 per cent market size; the non-ferrous metals sector took a historical average of p42; the chemical industry took a historical average of p32; and the market value of the lithium industry in 2035 was: 3. Resource performance and excellence in targeting industry leaders.
3.1 Threshold: Left-hand resources lock in value right hand-hand capacity and the scarcity of high-quality resources leads to the dominance of resources. While lithium resources are widely distributed on Earth and have not been less abundant, they are scarce resources that will inevitably become a central barrier to the industrial chain; and, at the same time, lithium is a resource industry.
As demand increases, marginal production costs increase, and the cost and profit advantages of high-quality resources become more pronounced. Downstream client concentration leads to reliance on the ability to produce lithium salt to deliver value.
New-energy car giants dominate, and downstream concentration inevitably leads to a higher voice in the industrial chain than in other large metals. From the point of view of industry safety development, downstream, on the one hand, will actively bind upstream, and upstream, on the other hand, will actively rely on downstream to gain market share: thus, although lithium salt production is similar to metal smelting, on the other hand, it is in the lithium industry.
The position is naturally different and is as important as lithium resources. 3.2 Industry companies have a strong comparative advantage over resource production capacity.
A comparison of the upper Lithium companies, in which we calculate the market value of each company’s lithium business by deducting the corresponding market value by the average per cent of the other industries. We believe that there is a clear advantage in the company’s resources and production capacity: the equity resources of the company amount to 1083.1 million tons, or 42 per cent of the same company, and the market value reserves of the company are in the first place.
In recent years, the lithium industry has built on the technological advantages accumulated by lithium processing.
The Agency’s overseas lithium quality resource project, which guarantees the company’s future supply of raw materials through a marketing model, is expected to reach 100% self-sufficiency for all projects after delivery.
The upstream resource structure is dominated by Salt Lake, and the cost of lithium withdrawal is lower than that of Lithium Plumbite. Of the upstream lithium industry ' s equity resources, the production of lithium from salt lakes is set at 83 per cent, compared to 83 per cent.
The cost of production is only $3576 per ton, which is lower than that of the salt lake, and the cost of lithium lifting is in the first place. And, because of the salt, the lake’s halogenated lithium cycle is longer than that of the lithium quartz mine, the bargaining power of one-line lithium-producer is limited.
The cost of clay titanium is equal to that of the salt lakes in South America and is in the first echelon. The Mexican sorora lithium clay project has 8.8190 tons of lithium resources, with an average grade of 3250 ppm; lithium resources are stored at 45.15 million tons, with an average of 4.51 million tons.
Pounds sterling has increased project-level funding for the Mexican sonora clay mine, and upon completion of the deal, the company holds 22.5% of the shares of the sosoora company. The equity resources amount to 1985,000 tonnes.
Lithium Acid Project. Under the charter agreement, the company sells 50 per cent of the output of lithium in the first phase of the project, and the company increases its options to 75 per cent of the package for lithium in the second phase of the project. As the cost of the second phase of the Sonora project is reduced, it is expected to further expand the cost advantage while refining the upstream resource structure.
3.4 The capacity of the company is expanding rapidly and steadily. According to the current production and expansion plan, since 2021, the company has been able to produce 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, with an already existing capacity of 810,000 tons, leading the global lithium salt processing industry.
In the same period, the capacity for lithium carbonate production will increase by 40,000 tons to 805 tons. The stability and continuity of the upstream supply chain will continue to increase, while the company has effective capacity to match the core powered industrial chain, with 80% of the country ' s lithium resources dependent overseas in the lithium industry, and therefore overseas operating capacity will continue to grow to a critical level for the companies concerned.
The company is one of the companies that began to integrate upstream resources into overseas projects earlier in the country’s lithium industry. In project selection, the company’s overseas deployment often selects areas of lower risk. In business management, the company operates from the start of specific investments that do not participate in the project until 2018 with the United States.
The establishment of a share-in-stock company in the Lithium industry in the Netherlands, nc, helped to boost the pace of production of the cauchari-olaroz Lithium Salt Lake project in order to maximize the advantages of the joint venture in terms of resources, technology, markets, and management. Operating overseas cost advantages. Cost control position for the cauchari-olaroz Salt Lake project and the soora clay lithium mine project
According to the feasibility study, the c-o project is currently operating in United States dollars/tonnes, which is lower than the c-o project, thanks to the unique advantages of the lithium clay resource, which is characterized by the advantages of being able to combine ore and salt lake lithium at a similar rate at a short time.
In the meantime, the lithium lifting process can also be carried out at a lower cost at a similar cost to that of lithium in halogen water. Peeranalysis: The advantage of investment costs is clear. The company’s lithium farming industry has been working for 20 years, starting with the manufacture of lithium compounds and lithium metal.
Artistic technology, quality control of production, and a pool of human resources are well accumulated; together with the domestic production of equipment and the years of grinding, the investment costs of the company are much lower than those of their counterparts, and the unit investment costs of the lithium industry, Mahun, are only shown in figure 22: the unit investment costs of the company ' s lithium salt processing capacity are much lower than those of its peers.
4. What is the current security margin in the upward trend in lithium prices? 4.1 Last round supply and demand - price cycle review. Figure 23: Historical lithium prices in relation to supply and demand
The global supply of and demand for lithium has been on the rise since 2014, when the tax on new energy vehicles was waived. In 2015, the expansion of downstream batteries could continue in 2015, coupled with the expected changes in the new energy vehicle subsidy policy in 2016, and the battery industry has moved into production.
In 2017, as the market expected the second year of the new energy car subsidy retreats, the company started to rush, and despite this massive accumulation of lithium carbonate in the upstream positive materials plant, lithium resources came from the same source.
Supply should not be expected to shift to excess capacity. The supply of lithium salt is affected by the overhaul of the Taiwan Lithium Base of the domestic lithium supplier and the slippage of overseas lithium imports, and the price of battery-grade lithium carbonate continues to rise, driven by tight supply and demand. In 2018, subsidies went down and downstream power cell homes moved to the stocking phase.
The demand for lithium resources is weaker; at the same time, the mining of the overseas lithium mine, which is well supplied, has resulted in excess capacity of lithium resources at a peak of 39,390 tons, low-price dumping by manufacturers, and falling lithium prices.
High-cost lithium mines are being squeezed out, some of which are slowly being produced, while downstream demand is returning, and excess capacity is shrinking. Since last year, the rise of the new energy car market in Europe and the price spread of Tesla have driven up demand for the upstream lithium amalgam.
The short-term volatility of domestic prices is more reflective of trends. As it is clear from the above graph, domestic lithium prices are more influenced by occasional factors of import and export, so the use of international prices is more reflective of the supply-demand-price nexus.
Lithium price changes are mainly determined by supply and demand, but there is a time lag. Lithium price changes are mainly influenced by the proportion of the difference between supply and demand, with the most dramatic price changes occurring in 2015 and 2018, respectively.
Year, however, lithium cif carbonate and lithium hydroxide cif prices reflect a time lag in global supply and demand. 4.3 Lithium price curve study 4.3.1 Lithium supply and demand difference in price relation
Figure 25: Differences in supply and demand in relation to the time series of lithium carbonate prices The distribution of points in the above figure shows that the current price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) corresponds to the difference in supply and demand by time and does not have a clear positive or negative relationship.
Further, by comparing the changing trends in the price-demand differential of lithium carbonate (cif Asia), it can be found that the effect of the supply-demand differential on the price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) is lagging, meaning that the effect of the supply-demand differential on prices will not be immediately reflected in current prices and will only be reflected in prices after a period of time.
The figure above shows the difference between the price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) and the current demand and supply. At this point, the price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) has shown a clearer negative relationship to the difference between supply and demand, meaning that supply is greater than demand and will cause prices to decline; supply should not be needed to increase prices.
4.3.2 The lithium price function, taking into account the unevenness of price and supply and demand differential data, treats lithium carbonate (cif Asia) prices on a logarithmic basis and uses the relative supply and demand differential ratio to replace the absolute supply and demand differential.
Compromised with absolute price values, resulting in a curve of: y=522.432\times0.000174-x}+8271.806, of which y is the lithium carbonate (cif Asia) price, x is the ratio of the relative supply and demand gap, and the model ' s r-squared
The logarithmic treatment of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) prices resulted in more stable time series data: the price of the logarithmic process was combined and the curve obtained was as follows: y* the price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) after the logarithm was taken and x the ratio of the difference between supply and demand.
R-squared has risen to 97%. From this model, the price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) will be $13512/ton after a 24-month delay when the supply and demand of lithium resources are equalized.
Although the model is prepared with a high degree of convergence, taking into account a certain margin of error in point predictions, this paper goes on to make inter-septic predictions at 95% confidence. For any defined value xo, at 95% confidence, the projection range for yo* is: \delta=t_[alpha/2}(n-2)s_e\sqrt{1+\frac{{n}+frac{(x_0-\bar{x})
The t threshold below which s_a is the average sample value of \bar{x} the return estimate standard error of x. Thus, at 95% confidence, the price of lithium carbonate (cif Asia) will be US$ [125.285,15056.612]/tonne when the supply and demand of lithium resources are balanced.
A sensitivity analysis of the price lag time: when the price lag month is 24 months, the model has the best collating effect, the highest r-squared; and when the months are shortened, the faster the model ' s r-squared is reduced.
A comparison of the time lag of 16 months, 24 months, and 32 months of the proposed curve shows that the delay of 24 months is the best in terms of the effect of the proposed curve, and that the curve displays a clear cavity shape, meaning that the difference in supply and demand versus the price of 4.3.5 is how the lithium price function is understood.
Lithium supply and demand differentials affect forward prices, and the rate of change in supply and demand affects current prices and creates price nuggets. The equation for creating time (x) for supply and demand differentials (1-7 for 2014-2020) is as follows:
f(x)=-137.784-6421.22x3+79883.78x2-209853.11x+13452.83, of which x represents the year, f(x) Supply and Demand Differential Functions F(x) Figure 34: Supply and Demand Differential Functions For the first step of the above-mentioned Supply and Demand Differential Functions, a velocity graph of the difference between supply and demand can be obtained, which is in line with the trend in lithium prices,
The logic of the traditional bulk commodity cycle is based on a return in mean value, and the traditional supply-demand-price model is not well explained for growing metals like lithium.
The pace of changes in supply and demand can be understood as the “market mood traps supported by the basics of supply and demand”, while paying more attention to the marginal change points between supply and demand.
The main applications of lithium downstream are divided mainly into battery plates and traditional demand plates. The three core panels of lithium batteries are derived from power cells, storage cells, 3c consumer batteries. According to the 2018 ggii report, the power cell side of lithium battery demand dominates, followed by storage and 3c batteries.
In glass, ceramics, metallurgy, etc., there is a high correlation with macroeconomic fundamentals, and growth has stabilized in recent years. Figure 36: Substream core market application of lithium batteries in 2018 as a percentage of total lithium demand in 2025 is projected to be 940,000 tonnes lce, of which 6.383 million tons of power cells and storage power.
8.82 million tons in the pool, 8.39 million tons in 3c batteries and 1296 million tons in the traditional industry. 4.4.1 power cell consumption stimulates the growth in demand for lithium.
The penetration rate is clear, and new energy vehicles can be sold over a long period of time. In the domestic market, in 2020, the volume of new energy vehicles sold in the country reached 13,66,000 and 13,67,000, respectively, a record high, rising by 7.5 per cent and 10.9 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year, and measured at 25,311,000 vehicles sold throughout 2020, compared to 5.4 per cent last year.
According to the New Energy Automobile Industry Development Plan 2021-2035, launched last November by the Office of the State Council,14 the annual compound penetration rate of cars will increase by 29.94 per cent, significantly higher than the annual compound rate of 3.46 per cent for the total sale of cars, and the trend of domestic electric car overlaps remains significant.
Figure 38: China’s new energy vehicle sales and penetration forecasts The global market, with the US-Europe-based old car consumption area, will also see an upward breakthrough in penetration rates. According to the relevant forecast agencies, the volume of new energy vehicles on the European market will reach 5,495,000 in 2025, with penetration rates.
26.8 per cent; the United States has a slightly lower rate of growth, but is also expected to achieve annual sales of 35.14 million vehicles in 2025, with a penetration rate of 20.67 per cent, almost at the same level as China. The world ' s three major new energy consumer automobile markets will have sales penetration rates of 20 per cent overall in 2025, and global sales of new energy vehicles are expected to reach 15.5 million by 2025.
Using as a variable the projected volume of new energy cars sold in 2021 and the projected level of single-car charge, a sensitivity analysis of lithium carbonate equivalents is provided below. Price cycle rotation, full-car competitiveness drives the battery.
With $150,000 to trigger the debate, we believe that the price cycle for new-energy cars has arrived in conjunction with national policies to subsidize new-energy cars. From historical sales data, prices remain an important factor in the choice of new-energy cars by domestic drivers.
According to the Annual Report of China ' s Automotive and Helium Flaring Batteries Industry Development, 2019-2020, the cumulative vehicle load of three-dollar lithium batteries in 2019 was 40.5gwh, or 65.2 per cent of the total load; and the cumulative annual load of phosphate lithium batteries was 20.2gwh, or 32.5 per cent of the total load.
Both, representing 97.7% of the total load, are still the main positive material of the current new energy vehicles, and given the high cost of semi-solid batteries, short-term replacement is less likely. With the innovation of electrochemical technology (high nickel trinity), power cell energy density is expected to increase.
The court predicted that the energy density of the three-dollar lithium cell would reach 250wh/kg in 2025, with a compound increase of 4.46% per year. Higher battery energy density would mean more power from the same volume released and stored.
According to a combination of measurements, domestic reserves will be able to use lithium batteries to boost lithium demand or reach 588 tons by 2025.
The global need for lithium storage is expected to reach 90,000 tons of space. The demand for storage is mainly from power storage and communications storage.
China’s wind and light-voltage ratio is stable, and policy benefits continue to stimulate downstream demand. In 2020, the country was affected by wind and grid-subsidized policy nodes, and wind and power grabs stimulated domestic wind loads, and high-speed trends are expected to continue to this day.
By the end of the year, and in the coming years, the growth trend has been maintained, with the total number of new installed machines remaining at around 35-38%. With the launch of the 14-year special plan for storage, the “windlight fires” and the “source charge” will rise to unprecedented levels, and with most regions requiring new energy projects to be in line with power.
20% are equipped with storage systems, power side storage in power systems, power side storage in transmission and distribution systems, and consumer side storage will drive the trend-driven downstream logic and domestic demand landscape. With China’s announcement of wind power in 2030, photovoltaic power has risen to about 23gwhh in 2025, with a compound annual increase of 31.37%.
With a combined physical storage of lithium batteries in 2019 at 8.6gwhh, the local market is expected to win the world, achieving a 38% compound growth rate, with China storing more than half of the world ' s lithium battery size, and a 4.4.3 consumption upgrade to a 3c downstream battery market.
According to the combined calculations, by 2025, the global demand for 3 cridium is 839 million tonnes of lce, of which 24 million are mobile phones, 11.16 million are computers, and 482 million are charged with electric treasures.
To 241,000 tons. The future consumption of lithium batteries in the 3c area is largely driven by a 5g switch. 5g mobile phones are characterized by high speed, short-time delay, wide links, etc., and more than 5g amplifiers require a higher amount of cellular power. On average, according to the expected battery configuration levels published by the China Industrial Research Institute, 5g mobile phones are more than anything else.
The overall increase of 5g mobile phones with electricity increased by 22-25%, while the increase in single-machine power would increase the demand for lithium batteries, as also projected by idc, with global smartphone shipments expected to reach 1,588 million by 2025. Of this, 5g mobile phones account for 556 million, with penetration rates of 35% or more, and 5g smartphones can deliver at a combined annual rate of 22.5%.
As the demand for high-power 5g purchases increases, the consumption of lithium batteries on smartphones is significant. Continuously benefiting from online office, the pen end has grown steadily, reaching 11,600 tons of lce in 2025. Currently, laptops and brain and tablet computers are moving into stock age, and demand is at a steady pace. As a result of the epidemic, online office needs are just in demand.
The demand for laptops has been stimulated, and it has gradually become an indispensable tool, with the development of computer hardware and technological advances, as well as the increasing diversity and complexity of the application landscape, leaving some room for development of laptops. According to the data fromstatista, the global volume of laptops is projected to reach 173 million in 2025 and will be maintained.
The flat-board computer is being eroded by smartphones and super-books, and it is expected to continue a small downward trend. According to the Industrial Information Network, there is also a small increase in the number of notebooks, which is expected to run from this year to 2025.
The power supply is increasing at 0.5 wh/stage per year, and is expected to reach 55.55wh per station. According to integrated measurements, we believe that the steady increase in laptop and tablet demand is an important support for the consumption of 3c lithium batteries, which is expected to reach 1.16 million tons by 2025.
Sharing the share of the charged treasure, which is expected to boost the demand for lithium batteries in the short term, is expected to take 48,000 tons of lce in 2025. The future of the charged treasure will be the core engine of the 3c market, which will rise rapidly after the concept of shared charge.
Large power consumption will lead to a rapid growth in the size of the share-filled treasure market in 2021 and 2022. The pattern of competition in the power-filled treasure industry will lead to an accelerated expansion of head brands into three or four-line cities, with a short-term expectation of a period of power-loading.
According to the China Industrial Information Network (CIIN), the average amount of a single shared Treasure Ribbon belt is approximately 1.5-2 times that of a 5g smartphone, corresponding to the capacity of a single-machine lithium battery, which is expected to reach 1,515 million units in 2022, and to increase slowly over the next three years to 1.6 billion tons per year, with potential lithium battery requirements, which are expected to be the main lithium demand in 3c plates.
The release point. According to a comprehensive survey, the demand for lithium equivalents for the recharged treasures operation is expected to reach around 48,000 tons in 2023 and continue into 2025. 4.5.1 Upstream salt lakes, lithium minerals will increase significantly in the future
Lithium supply is more than 1.2 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent, an increase of about 60 per cent over current capacity. Salt lake production increases more than lithium minerals.
Salt Lake and cauchari-laroz Salt Lake add significant additional capacity, while lithium mine has been relatively stable for almost two years and can be produced mainly after 2023.
Figure 52: The expected increase in production capacity of the salt lake/lithium mine is focused on the release of production capacity from the bankrupt mine. The three projects that have not been produced for the time being are currently under bankruptcy, plus the wodgina project under the Yapo flag, which has been declared to have ceased production, currently totals more than 100,000 tons of capacity equivalent to lithium carbonate (2019 production).
4.26 million tonnes of lce) is expected to produce more than 150,000 tonnes in the future, which will provide a large supply of lithium once the production is resumed. However, the difference is high-cost mining capacity, and the overseas project will need to be certified in addition to preparation for the work, which is expected to take about a year.
There will be no impact on the market. 4.5.2 The supply of upstream lithium resources increases rapidly, and capacity utilization is closely linked to lithium prices. Figure 53: Production projections for lithium resources
Production efficiency is closely linked to lithium prices. The salt lakes, lithium mineral energy use are closely linked to lithium salt prices. The rise in lithium salt prices can lead to an increase in the production capacity of enterprises, which, on the other hand, influences marginal production costs and thus supports prices.
Figure 54: Energy utilization versus lithium carbonate prices, Figure 55: Energy utilization versus lithium hydroxide prices, based on linear regression models predicting the lithium supply range in 2021 and 2022. Lithium salt prices fully explain production capacity
Changes in the utilization rate (r2 > 0.98), whereby lithium supply can be projected at different lithium salt prices, based on future lithium price recovery projections for lithium production over the next five years (based on production capacity and capacity utilization projections).
Price changes. Lithium at low-cost salt lakes accounts for only a small portion of the current and future, and lithium at high-middle-cost mines account for the bulk of lithium production, especially some high-cost lithium mining, especially in the country, whose price has already fallen through cost prices and the price of lithium has increased to support the release of such lithium minerals.
Lithium salt production is expected to expand rapidly in 2021 and 2022. On the one hand, companies such as the titanium industry giant, sqm, and the titanium industry, have announced plans to expand their production, on the other hand, and on the other hand, some out-of-industry companies have developed lithium salt processing operations, which could result in excess capacity for lithium salt processing over the next two years.
Poor supply of upstream lithium resources and the differentiation of capacity utilization for lithium salt processing. It is expected that lithium prices will rebound over the next two years, but still not at high levels, with low capacity utilization by upstream lithium supply companies, resulting in insufficient supply of lithium resources and the ability of enterprises with sufficient lithium resources to secure sufficient raw materials for lithium salt processing, such as the Tinchi lithium industry, and the Dairy Lithium industry alone.
Lithium salt processing enterprises that do not have stable raw materials may face inadequate supply of raw materials and low capacity utilization. 4.6 What is the next price stop at 4.6.1 Lithium price logical framework?
(a) Poor supply and demand: the main factors influencing price changes, but with a longer time lag;
(c) Cost: Project c1 costs are more supportive of prices, but they change as the supply-demand relationship changes.
The price of lithium is still strong over the next two years, although the supply-demand relationship is not reversed. While there is no current demand-deprived supply situation for the next two years, combined with the analysis of the lithium price curve, the price of lithium with a staged high price is expected to appear at the end of 2021, with a projected high price of lithium salt at cif Asian batteries.
About 80,000 tons of lithium carbonate level and 95,000 tons of lithium carbonate level in the country focus on the pace of production of priority projects. According to the theory that the price point appears at the point where demand and supply vary at a rate, the next high point will occur by the end of 2021. The direct variable is the realization of the production of new salt lakes, including tacama, cauchari-olaroz,
The Charhan Salt Lake project. Noteworthy is the effect of the global epidemic of the new coronary virus epidemic, which has delayed the expansion of lithium projects in South America. This will, to some extent, delay the increase in the supply of lithium compounds.
5. Profit predictions and key assumptions 1. Marketing of corporate lithium compounds: the 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide per year project came into production at the end of 2020 and became post-partum.
The annual sales of lithium hydroxide were 5.4/65/80,000 tons; in 2020, the company continued to release lithium carbonate production, and in 2022, the project for lithium carbonate in Lacnan Merit Lake was expected to start production, and as the price of lithium carbonate recovered, the utilization of lithium carbonate production was expected to rise gradually, with the sale of lithium carbonate in 2021-2023 amounting to 3.3/40.3/64 million tons.
Ten thousand yuan/tonne; high ratio of exports of lithium hydroxide products from the company, and we expect a significantly higher price of lithium hydroxide products from the company from 2019 to 2021 at $78,000/t.3 Cost and Māori ratio: combined consideration of the cost of raw materials with the price of lithium and structural changes in the composition of the raw materials ...
The industry is at a high rate of growth, and the industry is expected to mature at a low rate of $1 billion, and the company is not overestimated against the current market value. Lithium prices have not arrived, and there is still room for upswing.
There is still room for rising prices, provided that they are supported. New energy cars are sold less than expected; and Corporate capacity is falling short of expectations.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.