Re-focusing, leading 5g, crisis management, and, with the end of sanctions in the United States Department of Commerce and the lifting of trade blacklists, a new management shift has taken place in the Middle Epidemic.
It has become the development mission of the new management, and the crisis is over, and the opportunity is coming. The first time we've bought it, we've given it a new focus, we've focused on profit and loss, we've built a sustained profit, we've led 5g, and we've got five key battles in the next five years.
Re-focusing, highlighting loss and loss of profit, building sustained profitability. Software and service values have intensified R & D, forward-looking layouts, highlighting the bottom line of value.
The company’s global share of wireless equipment is expected to rise from about 6% five years ago to 12% in the next three years, becoming the company’s profit base. The company’s leading global light communications business, driven by a steady surge in traffic, will grow in the long term.
And the recent appointment of North American market management as head of mobile phones portends a major shift in the strategy for mobile phone operations. We believe that sustained growth in corporate profitability will be guaranteed in the context of enhanced high-profit wireless, network-based and repositioned businesses, such as mobile phones.
To lead the 5g, and to capture the key battles of the next five years. Demand surges, material networking, etc., guarantee the urgency of the 5g Department, with the first test bureaux to be opened in North America and the United Arab Emirates in the fourth quarter of 2017, and the first half of 2018, with the Russian World Cup at the Korean Winter Olympics, where the 5g era will be officially launched.
The company has kept ahead of the 4g, the 5g standard proposal, and has become the editor-in-chief of the 5gnr New Hole Core Agreement, the Pre5g Experimental Bureau, which is very strong and will truly follow the lead in the 5g era. We expect the global wireless share that has emerged in the 5g era.
Strengthened R & D, forward-looking layouts, highlighting the bottom line of value. Companies continued to spend a high proportion of R & D spending on R & D in 2016, amounting to $12.76 billion, and the market value of R & D was only 5.4 times.
The market value of R & D is lower than it has been for nearly 10 years, and the value of R & D inputs from companies has yet to materialize in the 5g and human-intellectual age, and is now a low-placed setting. Specifically, the company’s inputs in the 5g, physical networking, sdn, core chips, etc., will contribute to a substantial improvement in future operations.
▪ Industry competitive risk, technology route risk, geopolitical risk.
Reconstructing the focus of operations, focusing on profit growth points, a smooth global system equipment market, a decline in the share of overseas equipment suppliers, the rise of Chinese equipment suppliers’ technology and markets, and the re-engineering of the network with the ict are the industry context in which the boom is taking place.
The company began to shift to a profit-centred strategy centred on size since 2012 and has made significant changes in management and production controls; in 2014, it introduced a m-ict strategy focusing on the business, government and consumer markets, with a broad layout around emerging areas.
After internationalization and business expansion in recent years, companies have found breakthroughs and food-producing areas in different areas of business, as new management determines and adjusts, we believe that corporate business priorities will be much more pronounced, dissimilar and refined, avoiding disadvantaged areas, and that more emphasis will be placed on resource-oriented advantages.
With the demand for wireless equipment adjusted and the growing value of software and services, the global market for wireless network equipment has reached its peak of 4g, and will be facing a degree of adjustment over the next two years.
The global market since 2009 has been about 200 billion yuan if only to cover base station and control hardware and the installation, monitoring, etc. required to use in place. The market for wireless equipment in Asia and the Pacific has grown rapidly since 2014 as a result of the saturation of the macro-based station construction, which has been largely driven by China ' s 4g construction.
Long, the total after 2015 is more than half the global total and is expected to remain. According to China’s Ministry of Trade and Communications, the main sources of planning and operators are policy support for broadband construction, competitive pressure on operators to invest in wireless tilt, increased concentration of equipment input after the stripping of the towers, and frequency spectrum re-farming and small base stations introduced by wireless optimization.
Between 2014 and 2016, the country has cumulatively completed the construction of more than 3 million 3/4g macrostations at 50,000 yuan per station (one-stop frequency less than $20,000 and one-stop station average of 3 frequencies), with a total equipment input of 150 billion dollars. The country has an absolute advantage in the domestic market, which is expected to be between 30 and 35%, while the company is on the wireless network for three years.
The accumulated revenue from the network equipment is estimated to be between $45 billion and $52.5 billion. We expect to generate about $3 billion in wireless equipment per year in the overseas market, so that the average annual total revenue from wireless equipment is about $18 billion, but since 3g, the profit model of the main equipment provider in wireless business has shifted from selling equipment to software upgrades and specializations.
Business services, typically Ericsson, have gone beyond network equipment. Wireless network equipment is more likely to be used as a means of taking over the operator’s market, where prices are generally close or lower than costs and are unprofitable. But the share of wireless network equipment in the operator’s market is associated with subsequent software authorization, system optimization, and specialization.
The impact of industry services is very far-reaching. Typically, in a completely new base building (which requires re-siteing), civil construction and accessories account for more than half of the total investment, and only less than half of the remaining expenditure is spent on purely hardware equipment.
In other words, hardware equipment is between 20% and 25% of total expenditure. If there are no site-based expenses, hardware is set at about 40%, mainly from capex; software and professional services can reach 20-30% or more, given the relevance of telecommunication software services income and the size of the stock network market, we believe that with this,
The share of wireless equipment in the operator ' s market share and of software and services in the total income of the equipment operator ' s wireless business will increase gradually. The construction of 3g equipment in the country was saturated in 2013, with a majority of the revenue in favour of software and services, and with 4g moving forward after 2014, new software and services will have a share of revenue.
By 2019, total revenue on wireless and telecommunications software and services will continue to rise steadily, and it is expected to exceed $40 billion. We judge that as the network is clouded and made more virtual, so that we can see that we can see that we can do more.
The profit model centred on software and services will be strengthened and renewed, and the income of the main equipment provider has effectively moved away from the operator capex’s volatility towards a more robust, sustained and high-quality direction. Light-in copper withdrawal and expansion will continue to increase, with fixed network access at a consistently high level.
The market for global fixed-grid access has grown faster from 2014 to 2016, at a compound rate of 13.5%. An important driver of this is widespread and accelerated broadband access, driven by China, with global fixed-grid access reaching a total of over $50 billion in 2016.
The share of China in the global market has also risen significantly, from around 4 billion in 2013 to 10 billion in 2015.
The 10 gpon programme in the country is gradually gaining ground and expanding its coverage in megaband cities, with a long-term growth rate expected to result in a sustained high rate of ultra-light network equipment, with product and competitive patterns optimized.
A rapid growth trend began in 2016, with a growth rate of over 12 per cent for the total market of this size. Figure 8. The overall size of the network market. The main drivers of growth are the expansion and upgrading of the world's light transmission network, particularly in China, and the data centre.
Programmatic update. Structural change: Total tdm equipment is gradually shrinking, with figure 9.zte leading the industry by 2016, with a global share of light network equipment that has grown over 13 per cent in the past three years.
In 2016, this portion contributed more than $13 billion. Given the long-term reinvestment of the otn equipment, its advantage in the domestic market, the incremental construction of the medium-moveable transmission network, and the flow-driven capex tilted towards the light network, the growth of the luminous network is expected to continue to outpace the growth of the industry over the next three years.
Corporate compound growth is expected to remain above double digits and global market share is expected to rise over the next three years, building on data network capacity, reinforcing the overall solution of ict The overall size of the operator ' s data communications market, which is dominated by switchboards and routers, is relatively stable, rising in 2016
There has been a marked increase of 8 per cent, the overall size of which is over $100 billion. The main reason is that the overall network architecture has evolved towards a “centralized + distributed” approach, that large data centres have driven demand for core conglomerates and high end routers, and that the continuous upgrading of the light network has also led to the matching of ip with light network capabilities.
Network demand has risen sharply and is expected to grow at a rate of about 5 per cent over the next three years, with the potential to reach the size of the light network market in 2019. In the past, there has been a relatively weak accumulation of routes and exchanges, with a low 4 per cent turnover.
Around the same time, with focused R & D inputs and long-term market accumulation, the company made a breakthrough in this area last year: it received a combined top 70% share in the MDC switch collection, with a core router t8000400g of commercial size; and captured a core router collection with access to the ip city domain.
First, by the end of 2016, the number of mobile 4g users had passed 500 million, the number of users in volte had passed 30 million, and the number of users, the demands of business experience and the evolution of network structures had moved in parallel.
In 2016, the mobile idc switch collection included nearly 1,000 core export switches and nearly 4,000 accessor switches, the largest in history. These telecommunications-level digitized devices require a high degree of reliability and performance, with a major market share.
It has been occupied by large manufacturers like Cisco, Huaiyo, Juniper, and Nokia, with a higher share of the cosco than the summation of the last three. China’s entry into the high-performance exchange is significant, and it is the core product of the overall idc program.
The beneficial branding effect is yielding feedback that companies are expected to grow faster in the future, and the share of the global market is expected to increase significantly. More importantly, the ability to build an ict-based integration program based on the core set-up will be significantly enhanced.
In terms of basic network equipment, cloud platforms, unified communications and synergies, the infrastructure of the intuitive system and its attendants, the performance and reliability of the equipment is not as high as that of the telecommunications industry, and competition has become an important support business for major equipment giants.
In the general trend towards the integration of telecommunications and IT, the size of the non-operator market is expected to grow gradually in the long run, and the current focus is on the configuration of a broad spectrum of government, energy, transport, finance, utilities and business.
An information platform is a core competitiveness. While refining the overall solution, it is also expanding its ability to be more comprehensive and reliable than traditional int-based producers, with its full range of products and rich telecommunications programmes, with quality channels, branding and branding.
Figure 13: The Entire City Framework has evolved, based on a "one cloud-by-one" technology architecture, to integrate deep cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, city goods networking and smart, ict infrastructure, such as 5g, that can adapt downward to data extraction
As the platform moves towards standardization, a relatively closed information platform across sectors will gradually become accessible and complete.
The company can expand its business space, and the reliability of the smart city programme requires telecommunications standards.
In our view, the key to the acceleration of subsequent demand is the negative impact on profitability of mobile phone operations or by adjusting the narrowness of the consumer operations of companies, which are dominated by mobile phones, which have continued to grow on a continuous scale, but, in some cases, in some cases, in some cases, they have not been able to do so.
Under competitive market pressure, the Māori rate fell from 17.29 per cent in 2015 to 14.34 per cent; and from the point of departure, it has increased. We've judged that after two rounds of competition in the mobile phone market over the past five years, from electricity to offline channels in three or four cities, the mobile phone business has become a major drag on the profitability of companies.
In view of the new management's positioning for mobile phone operations, North American company management will be the head of the mobile phone department, and its leading North American operating agreed-upon market has performed well, presageing a major shift in strategy for mobile phone operations. We believe that the new personnel arrangements may indicate operating the agreed-upon market and consumption.
In brand markets, the future focus of the company may be to return to its good operator markets, while the appropriate reduction of marketing and R & D inputs in fee-free brand markets will help the company to capture the negative impact of narrow cellular operations on overall profitability, which is worth focusing on.
By and large, wireless system equipment, which is affected by the operator's capital expenditure adjustment, has actually shifted its focus to software and professional services, mostly from opex, and, compared to hardware, its revenue ratio has been rising year by year, which is sufficient to calm capex fluctuations and bring about long-term stability and high quality.
In the context of the continued rise in global broadband demand, especially by domestic operators, companies’ growth in light access and light equipment will continue to exceed industry averages for a long time, and their market share will continue to rise. Roadways and swap companies have a weak base, but through sustained investment, they have broken through operators over the past year.
High-end markets, opening up the situation, as national production substitution and telecommunications network clouding and virtualization deepens, there is much room for future growth and profitability. Overall, the operator’s business will grow robustly, with revenue and profits rising even further, probably at a higher rate than currently expected, after the 5g deployment phase.
In the context of ict integration, the future space for the government and business markets will go beyond the telecommunications market, and companies will focus on the streamlining of industry and government client business, with overall equipment and programs at their disposal, opening up further channels in the future, and policies, once clear, will be expected to be the core force for intelligent city-building. Consumer operations may revolve around them.
Strategic adjustment of profitability to avoid short-lived technological and operator-channel advantages, leading to a negative new 5g standard for profitability, and the creation of market advantage to reshape value 5g is a trend towards the development of the mobile communications industry
The mobile Internet, based on a powerful mobile communication network, has profoundly affected the lives of society as a whole over the past decade. Many areas, after subversive innovations and flourishing, place greater demands on the ability and the way in which information can be interacted, ranging from standard to high-quality video, text to live.
The premise and foundation of these business evolutions is the construction of a new generation of networks that are up-to-date at all levels and up-to-date in all respects. From mobile data flows, global flows are projected to increase by more than 200 times in 2020 compared to 2010.
In China, the comparison between these two points of time is 300 times and 40,000 times, respectively, and some developed and hotspot areas are nearly 1,000 and 100,000 times more. Using existing network structures to absorb the additional flows of these volumes, the power will be out of hand.
At the same time, the trend of global and Chinese mobile data flow growth (in thousands of years) in 2010-2030 has been accompanied by a consensus to expand network connectivity, from people to people to people, goods and goods, which will greatly enhance network penetration in the industry and public sphere and stimulate a wide range of potential innovation and growth points, “Men”
Not only is it a technical description of the network itself, but it is also an ambitious vision of how emerging societies are organized: billions, with China accounting for 2 billion; in 2030, the global portfolio of equipment will be close to 100 billion, and China will be over 20 billion.
26 April 2017 In the light of the above, the next generation of 5g networks must be targeted for planning and design in the next decade to address three different types of problems with the capacity of this network: large flows, high sizes.
In accordance with 5g design norms, the enhancement of mobile broadband (emmb) is targeted at large traffic issues, with the aim of meeting a people-centred, easily accessible landscape of multiple content, services and data, divided into hot spots and wide coverage of two conventional extremes; super-reliable and ultra-low-time delay communication (urllc) is targeted at high-experienced problems, stoking networks.
The capacity for volume, time delay and accessibility is strictly required, while large-volume machine communication (mmtc) is directed towards the major connection problems of the network, mainly towards the relatively low rate of transmission and time lag between a very large number of connecting devices, the standardization of the 5g network architecture, which was officially launched in 2016, has developed 5g network performance requirements.
In contrast to the 4g era, the core of the indicators is the overall upgrading of network performance to respond flexibly to each, as can be seen from a comparison of key competencies, where 5g is significantly different from the current network generation, with very high requirements for overall planning, planning and critical technologies, and synergies among organizations.
With the new requirements, the 5g system is fully redundant and flexible. 26 April 2017 The entire 5g standard will be completed through three versions, as planned by the intu and 3gpp, and the rel-14 version will
At the end of 2017, version rel-15 was released in the second half of 2018, while version rel-16 was officially completed at the end of 2019, while during the period, initi organized or coordinated members to exchange and assess in the technical field.
With the release of version rel-14 in 2017, the 3gpp operators will be gradually implementing the 5g network experiment. The milestones that can be identified are as follows: North America and the United Arab Emirates will start the Bureau as early as the fourth quarter of 2017; and the World Cup with Russia will be held in the South Korean Winter Olympics in the first quarter and in the second quarter of 2018.
A pre-commercialization of the 5g network; a iot test in the third quarter of 2019, meaning that the site of the commercial site of the Internet will be shaped; a global commercial launch will take place in the second quarter of 2020, at which time the United Arab Emirates Expo and the Tokyo Olympics will be commercialized in 5g; and research and development of more than 6g high frequency bands will continue beyond 2022.
After 2020, the global standards for mobile communications and wireless broadband will be further cross-integrated, at a time when the network of operators is expected to support nearly 7 billion mbb users at an average speed of more than 1 g; it will accommodate 1 billion beehives.
The new generation of mobile networks, based on 5 g, will complete high-speed mobile connectivity and full physical coverage to achieve the three visions of communications with a unified physical network and well-established norms. We believe that reunification is an inevitable trend in the development of the mobile communications industry, and that full connectivity will be created.
Unquantifiable data scale effects and operational efficiency gains, with a new mobile network with a 5g standard at its core logically inescapable and generating a huge market increment.
In keeping with the State Council's strategy of strong states, the new 5g standard is China's technological node for moving from running to running and leading and seizing strategic heights in the field of information technology. The State Department has already published the 13th Five-Year National Informatization Plan, yes.
China’s enterprises are expected to catch up with their international technology counterparts and achieve the “network power” strategy. With 30 years of information technology accumulation and sustained high-intensity R & D investment, China’s growth has become a rare event in the world.
One of the firms with the core technology of 5g, and supporting the construction of rich information applications through end-to-end technology research and development and innovative municipal applications, is an important supporter of China's new information revolution and its “network power” strategy.
The company has been a major participant and contributor to global technology and standards research activities at 5g, and during the 5g target discussion process, it has joined more than 40 ISOs, coalitions and forums of international standard organizations/industry coalitions such as itu, 3gpp,ee, ngmn, and China ' s imt2020(5g) push group.
Various proposals, more than 1,238 million follow-up proposals, more than 3,560 accepted, 5g standards, more than 200 proposals, with 62 3gpp standard projects or technical specifications, have made an excellent contribution to the development of the relevant mobile network technology programme, not only in the design of future wireless communications.
The network formation structure also provides a solid basis for the standardization of 5g mobile broadband technology. As a result, at this year’s LAN 802 LAN/CITYNET Standards Committee plenary meeting in Vancouver, the EYE Standards Association awarded the company’s 5g standards pre-research experts an outstanding contribution award in recognition of the 5g standard.
Figure 22. The future wireless network architecture proposed by the company is particularly significant in the context of the 5g key nr new node agreement. The node is the base station and the move.
It is clear that for any mobile communication standard, the wireless open-door protocol is often a key element of the standard. Recently, two technical experts from the company were selected as editor-in-chief of the 5gnr New Empty Core Agreement.
3gpp5gnr. At the Barcelona Communications Fair this year, the company displayed a pre-commercial product with a 5g high-low frequency series with a 3gpp5gnr New Airgate framework agreement, and introduced key 5g technologies such as massivemimo, beam tracking, beam-forming, etc., to fully meet the 5g pre-commercial deployment
Because of the company’s outstanding contribution to the new node agreement at 5gnr, as well as its leading role in prototype products, Chase and China have chosen the company as a key partner, planning to work together on the basis of 5gnr.
Standard interoperability testing and Ota field testing. A series of tests will be launched in China in the second half of 2017 to facilitate large-scale rapid validation and commercialization of wireless ecosystems to achieve 5gnr technology, enabling 5gnr infrastructure and terminals that meet the 3gpprel-15 criteria, and supporting commercial networks
As these experimental networks develop, the company ' s technical practice in the 5gnr new vent will be completed, enabling the first global 5gnr code in the under 6ghz band to become part of 3gpprel15, optimizing existing prototype empty vent products, and continuing to consolidate its technological leadership.
In addition to the 5g empty-space agreement, the company has completed a single-point technical and prototype validation process for 5g, entered the stages of validation of the resolution programme and product development, introduced a full series of 5g high-low frequency products and end-of-life solutions for pre-commercial purposes, and pre-empted it in the 5g era.
The company’s 5g HF base station supports the mode of work in multiple frequency bands such as 15 ghz, 28 ghz, 60 ghz, while the low frequency (< 6 ghz) base station also has the highest degree of integration in the industry and the smallest weight, providing great ease of installation.
One of the key technologies of the 5g standard is that Massivemimo plays a vital role in increasing frequency efficiency and open-door data bandwidth, while the company’s Pre5g innovation achieves its 5g core technology.
To date, the company’s Pre5g program has deployed more than 40 networks in 30 countries around the world. The size of the massivemimo technology through Pre5g will be the next 5g standard.
On the industrial chain terminal side, the company's overall pre-positioning and release of the world's premier Gigabitphone cell phone, with a download rate of up to 1 gbit per second, the smart terminal experience will make a qualitative leap.
To speed up the process of industrialization of 5g, the company is working closely with industry, working together for a more colourful experience of the future 5g. The company has already worked with German telecommunications, Spanish telecommunications, Japanese silver and silver, Korea kt, and the United States of America.
Several operators, such as China Mobile, China Connect, and China Telecom, have signed 5g strategic cooperation agreements and have developed a full range of technical and industrial cooperation in the 5g area.
We believe that, in driving the 4g to 5g, the company, as the major standard-setter and the main supplier of commercial practices, successfully applied the 5g core technology to the 4g network ahead of schedule and through strategic cooperation and the whole chain of industry, will make the company on the 5g commercial route.
The new 5g standard changes the market, and the dominant firms benefit first, in line with the 5g communication indicators already published by the intu and 3gpp, in order to improve the performance of the mobile network completely.
For the three technical challenges of high-speed, low-time, high-connected connections, the 5g standard network will dig deep into system effectiveness rates and introduce new technologies based on sub-band filters such as ofdm, scma and mimo.
Unlike simple mobile phone applications of 2/3/4g, 5g is connected to everything and will respond to different applications. Different applications will be mobile, secure, time-consuming, reliable, and even cost-effective.
The demand for the 5g network is different, and the 5g network requires a Swiss military knife that can typically cut the corresponding virtual network for different scenarios, the “net slice”. So, compared to the 3g/4g structure, the 5g network structure will be more subversive and serve the operational ecological development needs in the form of a web slice.
In fact, using business experience alternative technology as the main criterion for judging how much of the network's structure changes, which in the long run will bring about business change, the 5g standard changes in the structure of the communications business are not a single blast, but rather a highly complex and diversified market, with high-resolution video, etc.
Each segment of the market may provide professional coverage in the future by a 5-g web slice. Given the high complexity of the network and the incremental nature of the network applications, the market expects the full value of the 5g network.
The economic benefits of the chain will be fully realized in 2035. According to His, as 5g is projected to change the way people live and produce, the 5g value chain will generate up to $3.5 trillion in 2035, while creating nearly 22 million jobs globally.
The share of income exceeds 28%; 9.5 million new jobs, or 43% of the total, represent a huge increase of the next 5g, which will be achieved mainly in the Chinese market. Given the huge market space and changes in market structure brought about by the subversive 5g network structure, those in 5g will be more likely to be in China.
Firms with long-term deep-deep farming, core technological advantages, and the ability to pre-position implementation will gain unpredictable market growth space, and the boom will be one of those. At the same time, companies will give priority to large increases from the Chinese market, based on their resource advantages and industry-wide deployment.
In the 5g era, we expect a significant change in the market share of global telecommunications operators, with companies increasing their share from 10 per cent in 2016 to 20 per cent in a decade later, joining the top three global players, bringing about a substantial increase in market position and value.
As the dominant value of the telecommunications industry moves from investment in construction to long-term communications services, the share of equipment suppliers in the market will rise more convincingly than ever before. We judge that companies will benefit from the changes in the communications market that will result from the new 5g targets, and that the technological resource advantages that companies so painstakingly forge will be priced on a case-by-case basis.
Value-realization, thus significantly increasing the company’s business income and the quality of its revenues. Research and development investment leads the world, intellectual property strategies form the cornerstone of development, and total and proportional R&D investment continues to climb, creating a major international communications giant.
The telecommunications industry, as a happy technology industry, will be key to maintaining and consolidating nuclear competitiveness in the face of market competition in the face of changing demand for products and rising technological standards, as well as to laying a solid foundation for future sustainable development.
As the leading global provider of integrated communications solutions, the largest company in the country that has listed its communications equipment in the billions of dollars. In 2016, companies continued to increase their investment in technology research and development in response to uncertainty in investigations by the United States Department of Commerce, spending $12,762 million on research and development throughout the year.
At the same time, the company has set up 20 R & D centres in China, the United States, Sweden, France, Japan, and Canada, and has become more than 10 joint innovation centres with leading operators. Of these, the 20th in R & D was set up in Tokyo, Japan, in November 2015, focusing on key technologies in the 4g, 5g fields.
We believe that the 20 R & D centers that companies have set up around the world will help companies to understand and respond more quickly to local communications needs and to market expansion.
On the other hand, the establishment of R & D centers will help companies to build up their own branding advantages and build up global communications skills to continue to build up their R & D capabilities, in line with the trend toward economic globalization. As technology-driven firms, R & D is well aware of the importance of R & D for sustainable business development, and R & D continues to grow itself.
In addition to the investment of capital, there is also a strong and sufficient number of R & D personnel. Thus, over the last five years, companies have maintained a ratio of more than 30% of R & D staff, with R & D accounting for more than 40% in 2015.
Personnel, 36.93% of the total number of employees. Farther than other business people in the company. Figure 36. Composition of the staff in Communications 2016. Figure 35. Number and percentage of R & D staff in Communications for the last five years
On April 26, 2017, pct International patent application won three degrees, and intellectual property strategy won the future. On March 16, 2017, the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) published a global international patent application for 2016 (in the form of a global patent application).
The number of applications is a globally recognized key indicator of the ability of a country or region to innovate, and an international patent application can be submitted on the basis of the pct, and applicants can simultaneously seek protection of their inventions in most countries around the world, including both the international phase and the national phase.
The number of international patent applications from China has increased by 44.7 per cent, with China ranking first in 4,123 publicly available applications, an increase of 91.3 per cent over the same period. Currently, China Communications has more than 68,000 global patent assets and has authorized more than 28,000 patents.
According to the wipo calendar year data, mid-2011 was the first time that the newsletter jumped to the world with 2,826 applications, with 3,906 applications in 2012. Between 2010 and 2016, the newsletter continued to be the top three years in the world with applications (2010, 2013 and 2011 and 2012).
First, in 2014, and third in 2015, China was the only company to have won such a prize for seven years in a row, and it is one of the main patent holders in the global communications industry.
As a technology-intensive firm and in the fast-growing communications industry, the high position of the patent reserves will be a necessary condition for the future of the company as a communications giant, and will also help the company to set up a global wave of uncertainty. As a result, the company has always embraced intellectual property as a public good.
Since 2002, China’s communications have established a strategy for advanced advanced markets in Europe and the United States, and the boom’s patent distribution has entered a critical period. Since then, the boom has accelerated the process of international patent applications.
The ranking jumped from 52 to 38 and to 23, starting in 2010 and rising rapidly today to global “second” and “first” changes.
Figure 38. Three phases of strategic development of communications intellectual property rights Open competition for intellectual property rights Protection of intellectual property rights
Intellectual property rights (IPRs)
Phase: Strengthening the integration of the global industrial chain The forward phase, fast
Lei, U.S. and U.S. patents, they're in the same league, they're in the same league, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same position, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they're in the same way, they's in the same way.
and global knowledge production cooperation and differential competition and wind control
To promote industry's important development in global trade and business self-employment.
He became the first to enter Europe, competed in the intellectual property market, and competed for global intellectual property rights.
In terms of technology, as of 2014, out of 10,000 patent applications, ite/4g.
In terms of geographical coverage, the number of international communications patent applications now stands at nearly 13,000, with a focus on Europe and America and key emerging market countries; and in terms of quality of patents, the number of communications pct applications fully covered.
The core technologies of 3g, 4g, in competition in new technologies such as lte/4g, cloud computing, and access to goods, have deployed thousands of patents, including basic patents, core patents. That is why, in the area of system products, communications in the middle began to run in the 4g era.
In recent years, China’s communications focus of 5g/4g, chips, cloud computing, big data, big videos, and new technologies such as the Internet, have been invested in research and development, with chip patents being applied for China’s first, and patent holdings on the Internet being the third, and China’s first, wireless, power-filling patent, global Top 50, with a cumulative Chinese patent of 7 gold and 31 medals.
At the top of the industry list, the award is the highest ever awarded by the Chinese Government to measure the quality of business patents and the level of technological innovation.
On April 26, 2017, we believe that the significant increase of 91.3 percent in the company ' s application volume throughout 2016 is mainly due to patents generated by the company ' s increased input in the areas of virtualization, cloudization, big videos, object networking, big data, etc.
China’s imports as a “heart” of the telecommunications and electronics industries have exceeded the strategic resources and needs of oil, which are more than 100 billion. According to Questel, China’s chips for nearly 10 years have been used as a catalyst for innovation.
Patents have grown alarmingly, becoming the largest source of chip patent applications. Among them, China’s communications patent applications have grown at a combined rate of 58% a year, ranking first in enterprises/institutions in China and China, and twenty-third in the world. And, on the other hand, the Interconnection is one of the two main engines of the company’s commitment to the development of the ict industry, as well as the company.
The R & D focus, according to the research report published by the consulting firm Lexinnova, the number of patented items on the Internet in 2016 was the third highest in the world after the two major chip manufacturers, Hightower and Intel, while the lead equipment dealers outpaced their counterparts in Nokia, Ericsson and Hua.
Large amounts of R & D investment are essential for companies to consolidate their leading position in the telecommunications industry beyond the international telecommunications giants, and intellectual property reserves, as high points in the communications industry, will also be a moat for corporate development. We believe that companies have maintained high R & D investment in the future of 5g, sdn, object networking, chips, etc.
Increased investment in key areas, with rich patent results, will in the future provide a solid foundation for firm and long-term corporate growth, and will also be a major challenge to the future of corporate success in the communications sector.
As a leader in technology-intensive enterprises and domestic communications, R & D inputs in recent years and the corresponding reserve of technology patents have effectively enhanced the firm’s core competitiveness and provided strong support for its future development. Global markets are now at a critical stage of transformation between 4g and 5g, globally.
In 2016, the Nokia, Siemens, and Naking Communications Annual Report showed that all three are at an all-time high of nearly five years. We chose Nokia, Ericsson, and China Communications to market the 2007-2016 (December 31).
Calculates the ratio of market value to research and development costs for the year.
Figure 43. Development of mobile communication systems 3g in 2010 and 4g in 2013 compared to the evolving schedule of mobile communication standards
The boom in technology has led to rapid growth in the telecommunications sector, an increase in the amount of R & D inputs from companies into core competitiveness, thus leading the investment climate in the beneficiary industries. Currently, the three companies and the industry as a whole are at a historically low level of market value versus R & D.
We believe that, with the acceleration of the construction of 5g, the communications industry will be facing a new round of development opportunities, while the corresponding R & D ratio will accelerate with advances in Pre5g and 5g technologies, and it is expected that as the R & D of 5g proceeds and the subsequent rapid commercial deployments, the communications will build on R & D in recent years.
Strong inputs and the accumulation of big-scale patented technology have provided enough support for the company’s market value. It is worth noting that the company’s leading advantage in 5g technologies has been established, especially since the company has accumulated more than 1,500 files of 5g patents, which will be key to the company’s victory in the future and will hopefully open up the company further.
The company released its m-ict 2.0 strategy last year, which provides an understanding and judgement on the trend towards transformation of the industry: the industry level is moving towards virtualization; the product ecology is moving towards open collaboration; and intelligence is gradually gaining ground in various fields;
The network continues to evolve in the direction of cloudization; ultimately, everything is integrated into the realm of interconnection and perception.
In addition to the heavy input of strategic products such as pre-5g, 5g, high-end routers, sdn, otn, etc., there has been a critical breakthrough in creating new areas in the direction of forward-looking networking and virtualization, object networking and terminals, core chip self-research, etc.
Network equipment evolves in the direction of sdx, opportunities and adjustments to co-existence The clouding of the network requires the concentration of big data in fewer nodes, with flexible and dynamic resource allocation, increased resource utilization, and the growing difficulty of traditional networks in responding to complex and variable landscape demands, and is urgently needed
Breaking through vertically divided rigid network systems and complex closed network meta-structures, in which data centres centralize the storage, transmission, processing, exchange and management of information within a physical space, and through cloudization, the storage, calculation and transmission resources of various entities are logically abstracted to deliver in a fast way.
The telecommunication industry wants to recreate traditional networks along with the widespread cloudization in the field of it. Nfv technologies are developed by virtualizing web meta-functions, based on a common t infrastructure.
Deployment, while matching resources with loads in real time, has resulted in a significant increase in equipment utilization, accompanied by automation and agility in management.
The evolution of the future network architecture, beginning with the definition of dc as the centre of the entire network; and secondly, the separation of control and transmission based on sdn technology and the centralization of control capabilities. Through this re-engineering, the original dedicated facility of the telecommunications network will be replaced with the int base for cloud network integration.
, and can provide up-to-date laas capabilities; and finally, soft and hardware coupling (e.g., ip-carrying network layers) based on nfv from the web meta level and virtualization of their respective network functions, thus creating a nfvi layer at the infrastructure level, with flexibility to deploy operations and applications (including essentials)
(Telecommunication operations) and the development of basic development environments and components.Gartner predicts that virtualization of the operator's network equipment will be higher than it will be in the next few years, with an overall increase of close to 30% in 2017.
The virtualization of the heart net and wireless access equipment is at its earliest high point and, after 2018, the carrying and securing of the network will also be active in virtualization.
Figure 48. Operators' network equipment sdn/nfvization ratio is increasing year by year
The successful hit for communications is the mobile private cloud pool and the Holt data centre engineering sdn system. These include sdn controllers, sdn gateways, hardware vtep, software vtep, firewalls, load equalizers and integrated network tube systems, which total thousands of computing nodes, including thousands of virtual servers.
After successful deployment, it is expected that Houthidc will become the country's largest sdn network carrying virtual hosts and naked metal servers at the same time. Prior to this, mid-movement clearly identified cloud computing as one of the key strategies and identified idc hair of 4+31+5
The goal is to build four idc bases, five large public cloud pools, covering 31 provinces, and to identify the sdn-based cloud computing data centre network programme as a development trend. As one of the four idc bases run by the middle-movement group, Hotidc is also one of the group’s five public cloud pools.
The Hodn data centre engineering sdn system is an important exercise in virtualizing mobile data centres in China and will be a landmark project in the construction of the industrial cloud network, which will provide a great demonstration of the cloud network. It is hoped that the news will be made a turn in the process of sdxing, using the very foundation of cooperation between leading programmes and operators.
By remaining ahead of schedule, the fast-growing m-ict strategy, which sets the entire trend of interconnectivity, is based on macro-judgment: data elements.
Bringing social life closer together is driving a radical shift in operating patterns; technology requires efficient data collection, transmission, storage and processing, and the migration of digital resources to cloud ends, on which everything is connected.
According to statistics, in 2020 there will be 50 billion consortia, and the global network market is expected to be close to $1.7 trillion. The applications are booming, but the application of fragmentation has become more visible, requiring greater industrial synergy and integration with cloud computing.
Simple scenarios or isolated island connections do not yet have an industrial scale effect, and industries need to strengthen linkages.
Together, 90 per cent of enterprises surveyed expect cloud-based Ioe services, and ioe operations are expected to become business response companies that combine a deep base and technological advantage in the area of ict infrastructure over the years. In terms of network connectivity, focus is placed on the progress of standards and product programmes, such as nb-lot, lora, emtc.
Smart and connected parts of hardware (chips, oss, modules, gateways); platform as the core of the Loe industry chain, there are no uniform standards, and there is a continuing competition for the advantages of the Loe platform (including key functions such as connection management, equipment management, application enablers) and the provision of loe platform services based on clouds; and focus on analysis,
Services such as security and advice and systems integration, opting for higher vertical sector breakthroughs. In the physical network business, companies want to achieve a “two-square, three-square, four-square” layout: “two-square” i.e., a two-square ecosystem and capital support platform.
Together. Four rows are the four vertical domains of intelligent households, industrial Internet, car networking, and smart cities. Last year, the company led the Soygia Alliance, which organized the 2016 Industry Summit, which built a sub-circle that included car networks, intelligent homes, and the China lora application union (claa) and became a domestic object.
On February 22, 2017, Nakhito officially released a smart parking system, nb-iot version. The new version includes a data detection module (idu), a network operating management platform (iop) and an ancillary cell phone app. The new device uses self-research chips to connect road parking and open gardening.
The system is currently being tested for commercial use in Shenzhen, China, Nanjing, etc., and will be extended to more cities around the world. According to statistics, the parking congestion rate has been reduced by 12% since the system was deployed.
A 43% reduction in space search time and a 30% increase in parking management revenue, resulting in better economic value and social effectiveness
The first Nb-iot cellular smart parking operation opened in Uttar Pradesh, based on the 3gpp standard, showcased the cutting edge of technology. As a major nb-iot driver, the Nb-iot will continue to work with other partners to promote nb-iot technology development and commerce.
26 April 2017 In addition, the company formally joined the 5g Automobile Union (5 gautomotiveassociation) to build high-quality smart car-networked products and services tailored to different customer needs. 5gaa was established in September 2016 as a telecommunications service.
The mission of the Alliance is to develop, experiment, and promote communication solutions and applications that are needed to connect everything, such as smart cars, intelligent traffic, including related markers, benchmarking, business opportunities, and the expansion of the global market.
Telecommunications operators, telecommunications infrastructure providers, communications chip providers, car parts providers, and other members of the Smart Car Union Ecoosphere.
Pre-loaded communications products (including car-grade communications chips, 4g multimodule modules, t-box, etc.) and back-loaded terminal equipment (including obd, wifi hotspots, etc.) provide safe, efficient and ubiquitous wireless network connections, as well as a platform for a vehicle-based service operating system that meets various information service requirements.
There are also products and programmes in the areas of traffic control, transport management, electronic charges, information services, etc. Communications in China has launched the Gia Union of Industries, a sub-economy of which car connectivity has attracted a large number of cars-car-car-related industry partners.
Active participation. The high-speed mobile network of 4g provides a good platform for smart car networking. 5g adds two types of capabilities: ultra-low time delay and high reliability (urllc), and sea level connectivity (mmtc).
The surface will provide a wider potential space. From the whole system, the entire chain of industry is shaped from chip to chip, and as concentration increases, downstream ott's operations and upstream base chips are softer than the core ip's two-way.
Hardware formation is squeezed, and for the equipment manufacturing industry, the profit-making space of the industrial chain is still in the chip area less hit. And because of the apparent disconnect between the chip and the supply and demand cycle of the whole machine, combined with increased competitive pressure among manufacturers, ensuring the stability of upstream chip supply becomes a lifeline.
Pyridium – As things are interconnected and intuitively transformed, the company’s upstream chips have been laid out for a long time. Microelectronics in the holding company is one of China’s leading communications-ic designers and one of the most full-scale designs in the country’s product layout, ic design and certification technologies, advanced eda design platforms, etc.
Cot Designs, develops processes and regulations, successful commercial self-research chips of more than 100 species, covering all areas of the “clouds end” such as communication networks, personal applications, intelligent homes and industry applications.
With wireless system chips, multiple awards for flagship products, multimodel soft-band core chips, sustained industry leadership in integration, performance, and mature commercialization by global operators. As product development progresses around 5g, the next generation of core wireless solutions for backbones and medium-frequency chips will become memorized electrons.
In the case of wireless terminal chips, in mid-2016, the microelectronic roll-out network nb-iot pre-commercial chip, with perfect release13 functionality, has completed laboratory and field tests with a number of operators, and the route detection terminal based on the chip is being developed by a number of Chinese and overseas operators at nb-iot.
During the year, the industry pioneered the launch of the full-model 10gpon chip, pre-empting the gigabyte market, successively introducing the telecommunication and mobile smart gateway chip solution, with good results and slogans in the operator's tests.
The self-research of the 80 Golt processor, the 500g group exchange package, the 100g network processor, etc., have also achieved multi-media chip compliance, with the Sino-Sinoe electron capture of the full 4k conversion window in 2016, with a full series of 4k multimedia chips, the completion of the top box industry layout, video quality, and the start-up performance of the industry leading water.
Ping. The Pon+iptv integration program has been tested in several provinces and cities to become a self-contained chip-solved, self-researched product line with core chip capabilities, fully enjoying Māori upgrades.
At the same time, the consolidation and strengthening of competitiveness resulting from a much lower level of business risk associated with fluctuations in supply, and more important persistent inputs, will continue to be of value for a long time. In the light of the above analysis, we give an estimate of the middle-income structure:
Accordingly, for the next three years, the forecast of profits is as follows: As of April 25, 2017, according to the figures, there were 88 listed companies in the communications industry index of Shin Wan, with the sector forecasting revenues from the main business in 2017 amounting to RMB 6,09,133 million, net profits of RMB 28,333 million, headlines.
By reference to the central position and scarcity of the telecommunications, electronics and computers industry, which has a large market value or relevance to the middle-market business, we conservatively gave the mid-spring '2017 a 21-fold margin of valuation. In addition, the 5g construction and long-term network re-engineering that began in the industry next year.
In a broad context, there is a strong and definite catalytic year for the value-added of the middle-spring in the main equipment supplier ' s competitive pattern, with net corporate profits of $4.536 billion, $5.03 billion and $5.83 billion, with 24.15 times the city ' s performance in 2017, China Connect (600.050.ch/stopping, no rating)
Purple shares (000938.ch/KWD 51.34, with no rating) Lancet Science (300433.ch/KWD 35.03, with no rating) All figures in this report are rounded