The Centre for Research on Resources and the Environment, Inc., published a 2019 report, which collected $18,850 million, or 30,46 per cent, of the total annual income, resulting in a net profit of $120 million to the mother, or 92.18 per cent. This corresponds to the previous forecast of a profit of $76,229 million.
Cobalt prices have stagnated profits and stock levels have declined significantly. 1) Trade operations have contributed to higher revenues, while cobalt prices have fallen rapidly, affecting profits. Companies have increased their trade and other revenues by between $415 and $8.63 billion in 19 years, representing 46% of revenues, contributing 158% to revenue growth.
2.63 million yuan per ton. As a result of this, the company lost 110 million yuan in assets and credit impairments in 4q, 1. " Deep layout trio material, integrated industrial chain displays " , resulting in a net repercussion ratio - 55 per cent to 127 million yuan; 3) increased sales of major products and high stock levels.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo is expected to benefit fully from the increased penetration of electric vehicles.
The company and lg, Pu Qiang, 4. Improve the lithium power layout and improve the profitability of the pre-removement project - Hwa-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Yi, with a capacity of 110,000 tons at the end of the 20th century, plus 83%.
Bu signed a long-term purchase and sale contract with Pu Xiang, with a pre-locking drive of 76,000 tons in 20-22 years. 2) Refinement of the industrial chain around the lithium electricity main line. The upstream Indonesian nickel project is expected to be launched in 22 years, with a medium-sized project to build a new 30,000 tons of nickel sulphate. We believe that either the layout of the electric vehicle chain or a change in the company will be increased.
The valuation system, which reduces the cyclical impact of cobalt prices and increases the growth factors of electric vehicles, the cobalt industry, which is more affected by the epidemic in the short term, improved basics in the medium to long term, and price increases. In the short term, in the context of the spread of the epidemic, the end demand is lower, with imports of or impacts on cobalt raw materials in Africa in June-July.
Tens of thousands of tons, a significant reduction from previous expectations; long-term supply contraction as a result of declining mineral grade, electric vehicle penetration, up-to-date demand through upgrading, further optimization of supply and demand patterns in the industry, and expected continued increases in cobalt prices.
Dingstao is good, and the company is expected to benefit fully from the increased penetration of electric vehicles, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Supply-over-expected risk: the risk of changes in policy and inventory, among other things: the impact of the epidemic is beyond expectations.
1. Trade operations contribute to higher revenues, the rapid fall in cobalt prices affects profits 1.1 year-round performance is in line with guidelines, and asset and credit impairment q4 performance in 2019 is in line with expectations. Companies achieved revenues of $18.85 billion in 19 years, compared with +30.46 per cent;
In September 2018, the company set up the China-friend Singapore company (70% of shares) to run trade operations for products such as copper and cobalt nickel. In September 2018, the company started trading operations for products such as copper and cobalt.
7.899 billion yuan, or +837 per cent of the year, boosted company trade and other revenues by 415 to 86.63 billion yuan, the highest percentage of revenue, 46 per cent, and a 158 per cent contribution to the growth of revenue. The rapid fall in cobalt prices led to a decline in profits.
The sharp decline in cobalt prices led to a decline in the company ' s cobalt/triple product to $2.6/13,000, with an asset impairment plus credit impairment delaying 4q19 performance. The company achieved $4.83 billion in revenue of 4q19, a combined Māori rate of 11.7 per cent and an increase of 3 pct over the same period. However, the asset impairment loss and credit impairment loss of 4q19 were increased by 4q19.
1.2 Increases in sales of major products and significant reductions in stock levels. Corporate sales of major products increased, with the same percentage of exports of copper products + 76%. Corporate exports of cobalt products/trillions grew steadily in 2019, with sales of 24.44,000 tons, respectively, during the year.
+13.1%/+7.6% The sales of copper products increased significantly and the gross profit ratio increased significantly. Cdm 30,000 tonnes of copper and Mikas 15,000 tonnes of copper projects were launched in 19 years, resulting in a significant increase of 76% to 66,000 tonnes of copper products, contributing 41% of gross profits throughout the year, an increase of 32pt over 18 years.
The new energy auto industry has been able to lower its reservoirs and grow its copper stock reasonably. 1) Companies have actively gone to the store, raw materials and product stocks have been effectively controlled. By the end of 2019, raw materials had been valued at $2.19 billion, compared to 44.8 per cent. 2) The sharp fall of electric vehicle subsidies in 19 has resulted in lower than expected cobalt-related demand, in mutanda.
In the context of a rapid decline in industry, companies are actively taking stock, with a corresponding decline of 22.7 to 1587 tons in the stock of cobalt products, 971 tons in the stock of tri-dollar products, and a continuous plus-three project, which is expected to benefit fully from an increase in the penetration of electric vehicles.
The three major extension projects are moving ahead in an orderly manner, and the next two years will see a high-speed release of the production capacity. According to the announcement of the Ministry of Justice, the new energy source in Huaihai and the three-dimensional drive in collaboration with the lg, Pu Xiang, have been put into production.
By the end of 2020, with an output capacity of 110,000 tons, or 83% higher than the previous year, it is expected to drive a significant increase in the volume of shipments, which will bring tri-dollar products into the high-end supply chain. Some of the pre-carried products of the company have been certified and successfully entered into the international mainstream battery/car company supply chain of three stars, sdi, lgc, general population, Tesla, etc.
A long-term purchase and sale contract was announced with Pochito-Chemicals, which will supply 763 million pre-discharges to Pojita within the next three years, with a projected contract of $7.2-76 billion. We believe that one side of the high-end supply chain can effectively absorb the company’s future growth in production and, on the other hand, refractulate the company’s pre-drive product on a global scale.
2.2 The vertical industrial chain map shows a positive upward increase in cobalt nickel resources and an adequate supply of raw materials. The company intends to build a wet smelting project in Indonesia with an annual capacity of 60,000 tons of nickel metal (0.78 million cobalt-containing tons) to be released in 2022.
Production, the company has the right to sell 59% of all products, effectively guaranteeing the supply of trinity orthodoxy nickel, and the material will benefit fully from the increased penetration of high nickel orthopaedic batteries. The company is planning to build new nickel smelting capacity for sulphuric acid in the middle of the country, further stifling the supply of raw materials at the front end of lithium electricity.
In December 19 an additional project was launched to raise $780 million to finance a project to build 30,000 tons (metal volume) per year of high-pure three-dollar power cell-grade nickel sulphate. The project is being built over a two-year period, after which the company will have a total capacity of 40,000 tons of nickel sulphate.
Vertical industrial chain maps are visible. Deep benefits from the high-growth industrial dividends of new energy vehicles. Companies are closely engaged in refining the industrial chain layout around the main line of lithium electricity, a vertical ecological chain map of cobalt nickel resources-cobalt smelting of cobalt-based new materials-trio-lithium positive materials-recycling of resources. Business plates are visible.
We believe that increasing the layout of the electric car industry chain will reduce the impact of cobalt prices on company performance, and that the future profitability of the Division will further benefit from an increase in the penetration of new energy vehicles. And the company’s valuation system or company’s valuation system will reduce the impact of cobalt prices on company performance.
3. Cobalt industry: the short- and long-term fundamentals are better affected by the epidemic; prices are expected to rise in the medium and long-term.
In February, there was a significant decline in the domestic sales of new energy vehicles; the increase in the spread of the epidemic abroad has led to the closure of some of the vehicles.) According to the Chinese Air Association, in February, new energy vehicles were sold 9951 and 12908, respectively, representing a decrease of 82.9 per cent and 75.2 per cent, respectively, respectively.) With the spread of the epidemic abroad, Daimler, the general public and Vol.
In the recent announcement that some of the plants had been shut down, with production periods ranging from 10 days to half a month, cobalt prices had been reduced by the impact of lower demand. Domestic and international cobalt prices had appeared against a background of weaker demand expectations.
Falling back. From the beginning of March to the present, domestic electricity and cobalt have fallen by 11.6 per cent to 245,000 yuan/tonne, while cobalt sulphate/C4O3 is endemic in Africa or affects the June-July imports of cobalt raw materials. On 24 March, the Democratic Republic of the Congo announced that the country would begin its closure for 21 days; and the city of lusaka, Zambia, announced that all cross-border shipments would begin on 27 March.
According to darton and smm, Congolese cobalt production accounts for about 72% of the global supply, while more than 80% of the non-continental cobalt raw materials transit Zambia and then ship to their destination at the port of Durban, South Africa. Cobalt salt plants in the country are now operating at about 7-8%, and the raw materials are available until late May, and the epidemic in Africa has increased or is about to build.
Cobalt prices continue to fall in limited space in June-July. In our view, in the context of policies that are expected to intensify, the epidemic or do not affect total demand throughout the year, such consumption as electric vehicles may be at a lower and higher level throughout the year.
At the most pessimistic moment in the industry, cobalt prices have fallen in most small and medium-sized mines and the cash costs of hand-held mines, to some extent out of basic pricing, and there is limited scope to continue to fall. Tons, which are significantly lower than previously anticipated.
The supply is expected to be higher: if the supply capacity of mines, for example, is released more than expected, it may lead to oversupply, which may lead to oversupply.
The risk of changes in policies and inventories, among others, is that areas such as new energy vehicles are more strongly influenced by policies that, if they change significantly or stocks exceed expectations, may lead to greater fluctuations in non-ferrous metal prices, thus affecting the profitability of the companies concerned.
Risks of the impact of the epidemic exceeding expectations: downstream demand for cobalt is spread over new energy vehicles, 3c products, etc. If downstream demand is less affected by the epidemic than expected, it may cause demand to decline, prices to fall and corporate scores to be affected, then an average of the final score is calculated and built as an average market investment