At the end of the supply side, Kcc mining is below expectations, and passively shut down the largest cobalt mine in the world, mutanda, which causes a sharp decline in production, while some small and medium-sized mines and hands.
At the end of the demand, new energy vehicles are expected to grow at the bottom of the cycle as a result of the increase in overseas and domestic ownership of the stocking phase, and the climate continues to rise. Cobalt nickel resources are actively increased to provide sufficient security for the supply of raw materials. The company feeds deep into the Congolese raw materials market and owns its own mines.
+Participant locks in a reserve of 100,000 tons of cobalt resources, with a 50 per cent self-sufficiency rate for cobalt resources. At the same time, the company intends to build, through a joint venture, a humid smelting project for the red-earth nickel mine, with an annual capacity of 60,000 tons of nickel metal, with 59 per cent of the concession rights to provide sufficient raw materials for the stable production of the company’s downstream trio material.
1. " Cobalt Price Frustration Impacts Performance, Industrial Chain Layouts Keeping Deep Three-Purpose Materials Area, Entering High-end Supply Chains Showing Strength. 1) The Company has 390 million tonnes of refined cobalt production, with 24 million tonnes of cobalt products produced in 2018, ranking first in the world. 2) Company 2018
Merger and Purchase of Bamo and Hua-Friendly States, accelerated full-scale distribution of 13 million tons of pre-triple-year drives, with a 6% share in the national market, is ranked third. With the launch of a new series of projects, pre-industrial capacity is expected to reach 125,000 tons by 2020, with three-dollar materials.
3. Improvement of the Lithium Power Layout, Promotion of Profitability - Chinese Friends 70 000 tonnes with further increase in industry status; 3) Some of the company ' s products have entered the international mainstream battery supply chain of Samsung, Catl and Biadi, and the newly developed ni65 series is in progress
Integrating vertical industry chains shows that profit-cycle fluctuations are expected to decrease. Companies have built vertical chains over the last few years, such as nickel resources, coded triple materials, etc., not only can they enhance different business plates.
It is also expected to reduce the cyclical fluctuations in corporate profits caused by the rise and fall in cobalt prices.
And the company is expected to benefit fully from the high growth in the new energy automobile industry and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Supply contractions do not match the expected risk: large stock sales lead to cobalt price-pressure risk: the volume of new energy cars sold does not match the expected risk; the regime and policy risks in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; and the capacity to deliver less than the expected risk;
1. Cobalt industry: the supply and demand structure is optimized and growth highlights 1.1 Supply: oligarchic passive reduction in output, resulting in a significant reduction in excess.
As an oligarch in the cobalt industry, it produces about 30% of the world's cobalt, and its production activities have a significant impact on the supply side. In early August, the company issued an announcement that this year the cobalt production guide was reduced from 57,000 tons at the beginning of the year to 43,000 tons, mainly as a result of an inspection of the Katanga mine.
At the same time, the company announced that the world’s largest cobalt mine, mutanda, would be cut off from production in 2020-21, affecting about 25,000 tons of production, or about 15% of the global supply. The total supply is either below market expectations.
In 2019, we expect the amount of hand-jacking to be between 10,000 and 15,000 tons less than it was in 2018. Moreover, large mines will be in the middle and later stages of development over the next few years, with irreversibly lower grade levels and lower production levels. In the case of mutanda, for example, because of their surface oxidation.
The resource has been largely exploited and has had to shift to lower-grade vulcanized minerals, leading to a decline in production and, according to our calculations, a global supply of approximately 164,000 tons of metal in 2020. This is a decline of 26 million tons from the earlier forecast of 190 million tons of metal.
1.2 Demand: The return of new energy vehicles to high levels of growth and the recovery of cobalt demand. The latest car reduction target was set in April of the year, with strict rules for car carbon emissions over the next 10 years, and will be implemented in 2020.) European countries have introduced subsidies and increased support.
The euro has been raised to Euro4500, and the subsidy for electric cars with a price greater than Euro40,000 has been increased to Euro5,000. 3) Traditional mainstream cars are actively developing electric cars.
By 2020, several of Europe’s major traditional car companies will be rolling out more than 50 new new types of new energy vehicles, with more than 20 per cent of the sales being made by a large number of producers. Sweden: pure electric vehicles €4,000/car; co, plug-in motor vehicles ~50g/km – Euro2100/car
Norway: The purchase of new energy vehicles is exempt from all taxes, in addition to municipal tolls and parking fees in public parking lots. The Netherlands: Euro5,000/car in specific cities, local municipalities or an additional subsidy of Euro5,000/car. The purchase of electric vehicles is exempt from Germany: Euro6,000/car; co2 emissions = Euro50g/km mixed power cars - Euro4500/car in 2022.
Formerly provided 1 billion euros to support battery research and development and production in France: co, electric vehicles with emissions = 20g/km = 6,300 euros/car; 21g/kmco, electric vehicles with emissions = 60g/km = 1,000 euros/car; and 61g/kmco2 electric vehicles with emissions = 1,100g/km = no more than 750 euros/car.
For replacement of pure electricity, EUR 6,300, for replacement of commingle, EUR 2,500/(car truck); 50g/kmc0, for emissions of less than 75g/km and for continuation of voyages of less than 70 miles, commingled car 2,500/car: EUR-5,500/car; EUR-8,000/car; EUR-00/car; EUR-00/car
Portugal: pure electric vehicles Euro2250/car; commingled vehicles Euro1125/car Italy: co2 emissions = Euro6000/car. If co2 emissions > 250g/km, no more than Euro2500 will have to be paid
Figure 6: Traditional Car Companies active in electric car business
New energy cars by 2025, 12 new energy cars by 2022, new energy cars sales by 2020.
New-energy car sales in 2020 were no less than 25, and new-source car models, 2021.
For 100,000 cars, to 2022, the source car sales are the total sales of all Finiday's car-type electrodynamics.
10 new power cars, 3 million and 80 for 2022.
In 2025, new energy cars were sold by Fiat Chrysler, the symbol of the Snow Dragon.
Jaguar Luper, Volvo, will provide 28 new talent by 2022.
New-energy car sales in 2022 and pure electric cars sales in 2025 will be 50 per cent complete by 2020.
Figure 7: New energy vehicle sales in the European market are expected to increase by 60% in 2020.
The group, while the entire electric plate is currently in pain during the subsidy exit, followed by a double-centre, enabling policy additions, continuous guidance of license plate indicators, spontaneous demand for cars, and the “catfish effect” from global giants like Tesla and the popular meb. New-energy car sales are still expected to return to high levels.
In 2020, the industrial chain is expected to gradually become “dissensitive” to subsidies, with the scavenging effect disappearing, and the gold car fleet predicts that our new energy vehicle sales will increase at a similar rate in 2020-2022, which is expected to rise again in global demand. European policy additions and the active deployment of new energy sources by traditional car companies are expected to increase.
We expect to benefit from the return of the new energy car plate.
Warm, between 2020 and 2022, the global volume of cobalt in new energy vehicles will reach 2.8/3.7/53,000 tons of metal, increasing at a rate of about 3c and other storage and traditional sectors, with a steady increase in the demand for cobalt. 3c and other storage areas will recover at a faster rate, benefiting from such factors as accelerated investment in 5g, tws, etc.
Because supply side production is lower than expected, the demand side is clearly warmed by new energy vehicles, and we anticipate that the price of cobalt will rise rapidly in the short term, or due to midstream repossessors. As midstream stocks have now fallen to historically low levels, the upstream raw material is concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and it is usually necessary to transport to the country and complete cobalt salt production.
For two to four months, when demand ends are released, and the midstream or will be entering a small replenishment cycle, cobalt prices are expected to be fast-tracked in the short term, with a shortage of supplies due to the large number of small and medium-sized mines and hand-capable mines, while more than 300,000 yuan/tonne of production capacity will be fully resumed, and we therefore believe that cobalt prices are likely to tremor in this area next year.
In the long run, prices will move up. We believe that the long-term improvement of new energy vehicles, the 3c end-of-life equipment, the continued rise in single-machine power supply are expected to drive growing demand for cobalt, while the supply growth is lower than demand, as is the decline in mineral grade and the tightening of hand capture management, so that the supply and demand patterns of the cobalt industry are expected to improve.
Rationally optimized, the cobalt price hub will move up and down. 2. Together, the synergies will increase 2.1 by actively increasing cobalt nickel resources and providing adequate guarantees for the supply of raw materials.
Although the global cobalt reserve is close to 7 million tons, about 72 per cent of production is concentrated in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with poor local infrastructure, such as electricity, transportation, and a complex political environment, political instability and considerable disruption to the cobalt supply and stability of the industry.
At the same time, there are only three large mines that currently meet the conditions for mining and produce more than 10,000 tons per year. Kajima monopolizes the resources of the big mines with the Luoyang molybdenum industry, which together accounts for 36% of global cobalt production (2018 caliber), leaving a significant supply bottleneck for scarcity.
In 2008, the company acquired three mining companies, Commus, mikas, and Weso, and began to control the mineral resources of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. To date, the company has 55,000 tons of metal in its own mines.
His mining company, indirectly targeting more than 450,000 tons of cobalt resources, has a relatively high level of security of supply of cobalt raw materials.
Scales. With the completion of projects such as the Pe527 mineral rights construction, the mikas upgrading, etc., the company ' s cobalt concentrate and coarse cobalt hydroxide production capacity will amount to 4,600 tons (cobalt metal volume) per 25,000 tons per year, the self-supply ratio is expected to rise further, and the supply of cobalt raw materials will increase.
The company has the right to sell 59% of its entire product, effectively guaranteeing a three-dollar supply of solid nickel, which will be replenished.
It benefits from an increase in the penetration rate of three-dollar high nickel batteries. 2.2 Cobalt smelting taps, with a strong competitive advantage. Cobalt smelting can continue to expand and have a strong leader. Cobalt smelting can be released in an orderly manner, 2016.
To date, the company has a total capacity of 39,000 tons of refined cobalt production. The company achieved the highest production of 2.4 million tons of metal in 2018, the second largest in the world, nearly 10,000 tons, and a strong leader in cobalt smelting.
Positive layout 3c and new energy vehicles for cobalt salt products. Cobalt trioxide, cobalt sulphate, which is an important material for cobalt-based lithium acid and tri-dollar batteries, end-use applications correspond to 3c consumer electrons and new energy vehicles, respectively.
Cobalt product structure, with cobalt salt, including cobalt trioxide and cobalt sulphate, at the core of production. In 2018, the two productions accounted for 55/22 per cent of the total cobalt product, respectively.
In December, the company released an additional plan to raise $780 million to invest in a project to build 30,000 tons (metal volume) per year of high-purity three-dollar power cell-grade nickel sulphate. The construction period is two years, after which the company will have a total capacity of 40,000 tons of nickel sulphate production, which will further guarantee a stable supply of raw materials.
2.3 Plus three materials, building the entire industrial chain, firmly laying out the new energy trio, where the pre-triple drive is at the heart of future development. In 2014, the “two new triads” strategy was formally launched, with the development of the lithium-based new energy materials industry as its core;
Yearly, the production of the triad drive was successfully achieved, producing 1,194 tons, and in 2017, the joint construction of the triad drive and the triad material project.
By the end of 2018, the company had a three-dollar pre-drive capacity of 20,000 tons, which is among the top of the industry. With the arrival of projects such as New Energy Phase in Huaihai, Joaquin Phase, and Friends Phase I, it is expected that by 2020, the company will have a three-dollar pre-drilling capacity of 125,000 tons,
The annual output of 70,000 tons of materials will increase further, and production and sales will continue to break, and the city will be in third place. The company’s production and sales will rise rapidly before the third dollar, reaching 1.28.13 million tons in 2018, and the volume of goods delivered will reach the level of 10,000 tons, making it the country’s total.
In the context of a higher degree of certainty about the penetration rate of electric vehicles, the leading market material would allow companies to fully enjoy the industrial dividends of the rapid growth of new energy vehicles. The product system is rich, positioning international high-end customers.
The newly developed ni65 product series is in the c-certification phase of the popular, Japanese, and Fortelle world branded cars, and in July 2019, a supply memorandum was agreed with clients of nearly 70,000 tons of binding terms for three years.
The vertical industry chain map shows that profit-cycle fluctuations are expected to reduce the company’s previous performance, which was more affected by cobalt prices. From the revenue and the Maori composition of the calendar year, cobalt products were the company’s core profit pillar, accounting for 76 per cent and 66 per cent of the revenue in 2017 and 2018, while contributing significantly.
Up to $11.6/lb, resulting in a decline in the collection/moric of cobalt products. The company’s 19h1 net profit-making vertical industrial chain map shows or reduces profit-cycle volatility. Corporate control of resources, medium energy, three dollars, “cobalt nickel resources – cobalt smelting of new materials – three-dollar pre-dumps – lithium positive materials – resources
A vertical ecological chain map of recycling is available. Business plates are more synergistic, and the material will benefit fully from a rapid increase in the penetration of electric vehicles.
1) Major improvements in the supply and demand patterns of the cobalt sector, price booms, expected to move up over the next three years, assuming that they can fully benefit from the high growth in the new energy automotive sector and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The probability that mutanda will return earlier than expected, and inter-state production from mines such as Katanga and Mopani may be higher than the most recent guidelines, while other small and medium-sized mines and hand-held mines may also produce higher than expected. If supply shrinks are not expected, this may lead to an increase in excess cobalt raw materials, resulting in prices.
▪ The risk of cobalt price exposure due to large stock sales: according to our calculations, the cobalt industry stock exceeds 30,000 tons of gold, which could result in a rapid decline in cobalt prices if the company waits to sell the stock substantially. New energy cars sell less than expected: new energy vehicles are the main source of growth in cobalt demand in the coming years.
In this area, we expect a global new energy vehicle production of about 3.8 million vehicles in 2020/2011, with a penetration rate of about 3.9/5.2 per cent for the global automobile industry.
▪ Democratic Republic of the Congo regime and policy risks: political instability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which could affect the normal operations of companies in the Democratic Republic of the Congo if there is a major change in regime or policy.
The delay in building the production line may affect the ability of the company to deliver properly. The risk of impairment of the asset’s value: if the cobalt price falls rapidly, the company’s corresponding inventory may run the risk of being prepared to lower the price, thereby affecting profits.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment