The company published its third quarterly report in 2019, which accumulated business income of $154.5 billion, or +14.15 per cent in the previous three quarters; accumulated net return to the mother of $8.4 billion, or +11.76 per cent in the previous three quarters; accumulated non-net profit to the mother of $7.7 billion.
\triangleright, due to the increase in the number of moving cars, buses, rolling stock sales and the delivery of the city track subway products, has seen a high growth in railway equipment plate, urban track plate collection \triangleright, which is the result of the increase in the number of moving cars, buses, locomotive sales, and the increase in the number of deliveries of urban track subway products.
The company’s total revenue growth is double-digit. For sub-operations, 2019,q1-q3, the railway equipment plate accumulated 88.5 billion yuan, or +23.4 per cent, and the urban track block accumulated 27.3 billion yuan, or +31.1 per cent, or $32.7 billion, or +4.1 per cent, which is mainly due to the increase in wind and power revenues;
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, has accumulated $5.9 billion, or 47.75 per cent, of the service plate, mainly as a result of the downscaling of logistics operations in the current period.
$8.7 billion, +4.9 billion, +13.1.8 per cent, and 16.2 billion, +2.1 billion, for locomotive operations.
The Division ' s cost rates were properly controlled, with the exception of a slight increase in the cost of sales, the costs of administration, R & D, and financial services falling in the same proportion. 2019q1-q3, the cost of sales was 3.24 per cent, the corresponding ratio was +0.20 pct; the cost of administration was due to the fall of the central-local revenue division reform programme and the new rules for local-specific debt, the ipo in Kyoto,
1. Chinese Chinese car (601766): capital expansion railways are the most beneficial.
Depth: Corporate Holdings, Post-rail Market Whole Sector Chain 3. [Machine] 2018 Report Analysis: From Data to Competitiveness, Looking for High Quality Development Subsectors
Liu Zhenwoo, head of the large machinery team, and master of science in materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.