Railway equipment and urban track operations are fast-growing, Chinese medium vehicles (601766.sh) are growing, and the locomotives and vans are growing in space.
The three-quarterly report published by Liu Lanjing in 2019, which enabled the company to raise $15,45.20 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 14.15 per cent over the same period: net return to the mother of $8,413 million, an increase of 11.76 per cent over the previous three quarters.
2. Our analysis and judgment have benefited from the railway equipment business, and the company's revenue has grown faster.
The company achieved business income of $154.5 billion, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period, of which railway equipment was the main driver of growth.
The revenue from the fleet is $8.69 billion, $4.941 billion from the start-up business and $14.22 billion from the truck business, all of which have increased to varying degrees.
Facility operations achieved revenue of $27.34 billion (17.7 per cent), an increase of 31.1 per cent over the same period last year, mainly as a result of increased deliveries of urban rail and rail products. In recent years, urban rail traffic has remained relatively high, with investment in urban rail construction nationwide in 2018 amounting to $547 billion, an increase of 14.9 per cent.
Given the fact that the wiring of the construction line now exceeds the miles already in place, we believe that the high growth trend in investment in the urban track can be sustained, and that there is still much room for growth in the company’s urban track business in the future. The new industry remains stable, and modern services continue to shrink.
The internal structure of the segmented business has been restructured, with wind and electricity growing at a relatively fast pace; the current generation of service operations is largely the result of the downswing of logistics operations in the current period. In the first three quarters, companies signed new orders of approximately $177 billion, with international orders of $17.1 billion.
The Māori rate is generally stable and cost control remains relatively high. Companies achieved a combined Māori rate of 22.6% in the first three quarters of 2019, down 0.4 percentage points from the same period, mainly as a result of structural changes in products and industries.
We expect that corporate fleet sales will remain stable in the future, that maintenance operations will enter the fast-growing path, that locomotives and truck purchases will be steadily increased by the total iron freight-increment programme, that urban track operations will remain high, and that corporate performance will continue to show a steady upward trend.
Risks of declining capital investment, less than anticipated risks of moving bids