In 2024, the company achieved a revenue of 48.6 billion yuan per year-0.3 per cent, a net return of 4.1 billion yuan per year, and a steady increase in the consumption of batteries.
High output sales, 92 per cent higher than the previous year, followed by a second-largest global city, generating 19 billion yuan more than the same time. : Zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn power cell exports 30.29gwh, 7.9 per cent higher than the previous year, with a fall in revenues affected by increased competition.
20%; q4 out of 9.6gwh, 34% increase in ring.
Delivery capacity, with year-round performance expected to increase by +25%. Motivated storage profits gradually converged. 24 years of company power cells at an average cost of $0.63/wh, corresponding to 26%, Māori active human robots, low-altitude products, etc. Corporate robotics, machine dog batteries have been completed.
Sample delivery and assembly; commercial drone orders in low-altitude areas, such as plant protection machines, have been successfully cut off; in the area of smart wear, square steel shell batteries have been developed and have been approached and sampled for head customers.
Investment proposals: The company benefits from the warming of the global 3c consumer electronics market, where the size and skill levels of its storage capacity have risen to a high level of leadership, power for profit repair, and competitiveness in overseas markets. We expect that the company itself will be committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence.
He has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He has been successful in such selections as the Asian Currency, Institutional Investors, New Wealth, Crystalball, where the Asian Currency selects new energy sectors for 2018-shangchang and Beijing University.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.