On 18/04/2025, the profitability recovered, and the net profit earned by the non-returnee showed brightness.
+0.63%, mainly due to a decrease in government subsidies. The company’s net profit from non-repatriation performance was impressive, with 17.5% over the year, a net interest rate of 6.5%, a year-on-year ratio +1.7 pcts, q4 having continued to improve overall profitability.The company’s ability to operate had improved significantly, as of 2024, as a result of price fluctuations in raw materials and increased competition patterns.
At the end of the year, the company ' s inventory and accounts payable days were 51.9 and 221.9 days, respectively, and the tram market was improving steadily, with the stock market maintaining high growth rates and the global electric train growth rate still at a fast pace.
Energy cars sold 17,529,000 vehicles, same year + 25.1 per cent, with a penetration rate of 19.7 per cent and a penetration rate close to the 20.0 per cent threshold. The domestic market grew faster than expected in 2024, driven by low electricity compared to oil and an old exchange of new.
We maintain our optimistic expectations of the Chinese tram market in 2025, with further improvements in infrastructure & fast-loading technology. The heavy-card sector has shown a sharp increase in electricization, according to thevtank, in 2024, the Chinese electric recard sales amounted to 83,000 vehicles, the same year as +139.4 per cent.
In terms of storage capacity, the winning & loading market has increased both ways. In 2024, according to the storage and power market, the domestic storage energy has won a total of 191.9gwh, +70.4% of the year. In terms of loading, according to cnesa, in 2024, the new storage capacity in China reached 43.7gw, +103.0% of the year.
In the second half of the year, the company's downstream customers increased their productivity and utilization, and the sub-company's commercial car sector continued to consolidate. According to the battery union data, it was 2024.
The market share of commercial vehicle batteries has reached 12.2%, with the second-highest market share. The growth in storage capacity has been strong, and according to the Infolink data, the company's energy core was the second largest in the world in 2024. The core product mr.big continues to lead the industry's technology poles.
The ponds, battery capacitors (spc), two single national manufacturing champions, continue to lead the market, actively develop batteries in the bbu data centre, vtol, human robotics, etc.
Super-expected profits, higher reserves, higher and higher profits - sustained growth in overseas production, industrial chain synergies that have worked.
The company is actively promoting overseas production capacity, and the power industry company, the Hungarian factory, is expected to complete its investment in 2026.
Malaysia’s annual production of 680 million small cylinder batteries is expected to start in early 2025, mainly for consumption. Malaysia’s storage plant is expected to produce officially in 2026.
The company has continued to deepen its industrial chain integration and synergy, to achieve full production of lithium battery mains through, inter alia, joint ventures, gradual restoration, and to cover the upper/downstream linkages of the offshore + industrial chain. The company’s Redsoil nickel wet smelting project has been launched, with an annual capacity of up to 120,000 nickel metal.
Tons of cobalt and 15 million tons of metals; 110,000 tons of lithium carbonate joint venture production and full capacity are still on the upward trend in the electricization of the car market due to overseas policy/trade barriers, and the high profile of the storage industry is expected to be maintained.
Rates continue to grow; high-end technology continues to lead and the supply chain system is further improved; and there is a certain degree of profitability in the face of increased competition in the industry. Overall, we believe that companies have high barriers and better growth expectations than the industry, maintain a “buy-in” rating, predicting their return in 2025-2027.
The macroeconomic downturn has resulted in less than anticipated sales of new energy vehicles; a shift in domestic and foreign tram policies; an excess of domestic and foreign power leading to less than expected demand for storage capacity; underinvestment of new production capacity in firms; trade barriers; large fluctuations in raw materials prices affecting profitability; and a high risk of stock price volatility.
Figure 42024 shows an increase in the company's capacity in relation to consumption, a decline in power, a decline in industry such as arms, steel, and other industries, an in-depth study of technology and cycles, a continuous and in-depth study in the fields of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics and automation, and the establishment of a “China's manufacturing investment cycle” research framework. The team focused on research in the areas of photovoltaics, hydrogen, wind power, lithium power, and storage energy, and devoted limited energy to serving second- and second-tier markets where the country's needs are met, the industry thrives, and the people have faith.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.