The volume of products rose at a very high rate of 21h1 kg and net gains - China ' s petrochemical performance in the semi-annual year 2021 increased by 22.1 per cent in the same year; mother ' s net profit was 39.15 billion yuan in the same year, an increase of 62.15 billion yuan in the same year; non-mother ' s net deductions were net.
The profits were $38.42 billion, an increase of $62.82 billion. Of this amount, the 21q2 quarter generated $6.8462 billion, which was higher than the volume of each product, and contributed to higher revenues. Exploration and exploitation: 21h1 raised $10.95 billion, or 38.8 per cent, of the total revenues of the Ministry; and the sale of 16.94 million tons of crude oil.
One billion yuan, or 42.8 per cent; of this, the same sales volume for petrol/diesel/coalt oil/chemical raw materials was 635.2 billion yuan, or 19.9 per cent, for the Ministry of Works, mainly due to the upturn in oil prices and the warming of domestic market demand, and the sale of finished oils increased exponentially; of this, 14.6 per cent/-3.8 per cent/15.7 per cent per 10.4 per cent was sold for petrol/wood kerosene/fuel oil.
\triangleright \triangleright exploration and development plate capital expenditure \42.84 billion yuan, mainly for crude oil production capacity building in the north, glory, mausoleum, Kawasai, etc.
Construction of natural gas production capacity, construction of storage facilities for Tianjinlng II, and construction of projects such as Victor ccus: 12.21 billion yuan in refined oil plate capital expenditure, mainly for projects such as the expansion of sea-based refining and the restructuring of the Yangtze oils; $19.730 billion in sales and distribution plate capital expenditure, mainly for the “hydrogens” complex for refuelling (gas) stations
The increase in capital spending in the second half of the year will continue to boost investment in the company’s business projects. Size, integration, and technological excellence will create firm core barriers to the firm’s viability.
\triangleright Size Strengths: The company is a large, integrated, medium- and downstream energy industry with a strong overall size: it is a large oil and gas producer in China; its refining capacity ranks first in China with a well-developed oil distribution network in China.
The largest supplier of finished oil in China: Ethylene is ranked first in China in terms of its ability to sell, and it builds a more sophisticated chemical marketing network.
Scientific and technological advantages: The company has developed a relatively well-developed scientific and technological institutional mechanism, a strong scientific and professional team, and has developed four major technological platforms for oil and gas exploration, petroleum refining, petrochemicals, strategic and emerging, 1. China ' s petrochemicals (600028), 2020.
Overall technology has reached the world's most advanced levels, with some of it leading the world and strong technological capabilities, and reports that the volume of products has fallen to 10.5 times the net profit of the mother, and that it maintains a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company's leading position in our petrochemical market.
International oil prices have declined: the pace of the phase-out of backward capacity has slowed. Corporate financial statement projections are summarized. Ph.D. in conjunction with the Rutgers Department of Chemicals, Nanjing University, with senior geologic and chemical background, in Jgr, jcis, energy & fuel
Many papers were published on drilling core analysis, geo-fluorescent simulations, etc. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry in the petrochemicals, construction materials, petrochemicals, and construction materials industry, with previous research experience in the automotive, shipping, and military industries.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,