I woke up, and I jumped again: the disk, it fell a little bit scary. The pamphlet, the 500 index, fell 3.39%, and the media, like "a thousand big drops" and all over the place. In fact, the same thing happened, last night was different from the other days, and this one ended.
There is a clear differentiation, as in the case of Krueger in Buffett’s warehouse, where the reverse surge of 8% yesterday, while the Central Constabulary skyrocketed by 26%. And many of the companies that the elite has recently focused on, such as Gilid, regeneration, tether music, jm Smack, etc., have not fallen along with the big plate.
So, you can't read the headlines, you can't be misled. Foreign markets don't experience a war like this, they panic a little bit, and it's not even the worst. In this case, under our macro model, we're going to be able to use half of the size of the set of bets in the near future.
And the inner market is a bit more intense. The capital, the consumer, the agriculture, the finance, and even some people create a saying: "The concept of price rises," putting together pork, white wine, dispersed dyes. This fanatic market, too, has a sense of anxiety: every day there are ideas, every day comes up, every day there's news, and there's a fear of catching up with the stuff that you own.
The Hong Kong market in China hardly needs to go into detail, because of its influence and volatility, it is actually, in the Mainland market, the typical "cow-market mentality," and whatever it is, there are millions of people on social media who start to discuss the logic behind it. And the corresponding is the typical "bear-market-thinking" – no matter what company.
Any good news comes from a lot of people coming to you, dissecting the risks you don't see. The two ideas are neither right nor wrong, and correspond to the recent U.S. market in vs, one bear, and the ice in the sky. But, whatever the market, what we're trying to say is:
No matter how fanatical or pessimistic the headlines of the media may be, you must shine your eyes like onions, strip the emotional parts of it, take a closer look at the inner core. If you strip the interior and the Hong Kong market in China, we're still looking at the same thing.
For these areas, our research system is very clear: the valuation of the depression. For the consumption of yesterday’s hot markets, including white wine, spices, tax exemptions, we have some concerns, because valuations do not adjust to better strike zones.
For the US market, there are still a lot of undervalued good companies that can dig if they strip away pessimism and collapse. Gillid, Renaissance, Crogg are all in this category, and recently we have just added cgnx, an abmd with an artificial heart, to our research list.
In fact, in the three areas of ecmo, artificial heart, and surgical robotics, we will be added to the list of “medical instruments worthy of final study,” a long-term industrial perspective that will not change, regardless of the giant cow bear. So, regardless of how the market surges and falls, it is believed that it will reduce a lot of anxiety in the long term.
In addition, over the past 24 hours, we have looked at a number of studies separately, before there was very little research in the field of chemicals, and recently, in a volume called "King Quan shares: building an integrated silhouette head on top of the layout." All of these are deeper and ready to look.
This case, which is the backbone of our industry, is a well-deserved core track in medium- and high-end manufacturing. At the same time, because of the decline in sales in the previous two years, it is also an anxious industry.
However, despite being the spirit of industry, stock prices have been very modest in recent years, with long run-offs and three consecutive years, but this has not affected the preference of overseas investors for it, 2019 q3, Pioneer, Jp Morgan, Blackstone.
It's the upper steam group, the country's car giant. It's a joint venture brand with the general, the public, the autonomous brands with the upper steam, the glory, the Mitsubishi macrolight, and so on. Net gold flows are $25,489 million, with a Māori sales rate of 12.49 per cent and a net interest rate of 4.86 per cent.
Okay, here's a few questions that deserve our in-depth consideration in the valuation model: 1) What is the core moat of this case, as the backbone of our automobile industry? Especially in the case of the car industry, is the potential for the future growth of the upper-mortality conglomerate based on its joint-venture brand or autonomous brand?
2) Will the automobile industry recover in the future after two consecutive years of adjustment? What are the factors that constrain the increase in car penetration? 3) After a longer period of adjustment, what is the scope of its current valuation range?
For the companies involved in the industrial chain, we've studied glass, Chinese cars, purchased the "core product one: a professional version of the modelling report" of the elite team, consulted the reports and, in some cases, the excel financial modelling model.
The upper-mortality group, established in 1997, is the Shanghai Auto-Industries Group, with a share of 71.24%.
Its operations consist of four main sections: whole-car operations, spare parts, auto finance, maoyi services: whole-car-plate — autonomous brands under the flag include Emeritus, Monsignor, Chase, Jumping, Treasures, etc.; joint-venture brands include upper gas, popular, upper gas, upper-gas-like Mitsubishi, Iveko red rock, etc.
In addition to the parts and components, which are operated by a subsidiary, a Chinese automobile, with a global lead in car interiors, maoyi services and financial plates are operated by subsidiaries, such as Angel Logistics, Upper Air Insurance, which cover cars, how do they perform?
Over the last three years, operating income and net profits increased at a combined rate of 9.21 per cent, 4.93 per cent, and income in the first three quarters of 2019. In terms of the industrial chain, the industrial chain of the automobile industry is upstream for parts and components, such as glazing glass, firewood power, etc., and downstream for the whole car factory, such as the upper gas group, Biadey, Gilly, etc. The business is unique in this case.
Before the valuation is modeled, let's look at the basic data compiled by a set of Merger and Purchase Mergers: Figure: Deduction of non-net profit & net cash flows from operating activities (in billions of dollars, per cent) After analysing the above data, the important question arises — where should we start if we want to model it?
In this case, there are three main lines of business: whole-car business, spare parts business, automobile finance, and, since the whole-car business is at the heart of the upper-mortality group, we focus on forecasting.
On board the vehicle, 30%, 28%, 28%, 10%, are projected using a volume-price method, the formula being: whole-car sales = volume * unit prices. In the overall formula, the rate of increase in sales is the key variable, which needs to be further refined, and we use the market-based method for forecasting.
The formula, measured, is: upper group sales = overall vehicle sales * market share, taking into account the joint-venture attributes of the upper gas, so that the market share is more stable, so in this formula, the overall vehicle sales in the industry are core variables, and we will focus our analysis.
In 2019, the country ' s accumulated volume of automobiles was 2,572.1 million and 2,576,900, respectively, down from 7.5 per cent and 8.2 per cent, respectively, and the industry has experienced negative growth for the second consecutive year. The reasons for the negative growth were analysed in detail in the previous report on the glass, which is not detailed here.
Figure: Automobile sales (in units of vehicles, per cent) So, will the automobile industry resume positive growth in the future? The answer is yes, according to our earlier calculations in the Glossy Glass report, we're anchored in 1,000 people's car holdings.
By 2019, there were 172 cars in China, 790 vehicles in the United States, and 590 vehicles in Japan. In absolute terms, China’s ceiling was far from there.
Even if the north is already crowded, there are a large number of three to five-line cities and even rural markets. Given the long duration of this negative growth, in this study we will build on this logic: what causes the difference in car ownership among dry people, and whether we will be able to reach Japan and the United States in the future.
According to our grass-roots research, the main reasons why consumers don't buy cars are consumption capacity, cost of use, road congestion, all three factors. On this basis, we do road mileage per capita, gdp per capita, parking fees and thousands of people's holdings.
1) Gdp per capita and dry car holdings The driving force behind the spread of cars by car is the increase in national consumption. US, KOR, JOR, and Japanese car holdings levels and their relevance to the gdp per capita, r2 = 0.98. As of 2018, US, JOR, KOR,
In China, gdp per capita amounts to US$ 63,000, US$ 39,000, US$ 31,000, US$ 10,000, corresponding to 790, 600, 400, 172, respectively, and in linear relationships, purchasing power has a relatively high level of interpretation of vehicle holdings for dry people, assuming that over the next 10 years, we will be in China.
Gdp grew at an average rate of 6 per cent and is expected to have a per capita vehicle holdings of 255/dryers by 2028, with a vehicle holdings of 357 million, which means that about 4 per cent of future car sales will be in the centre of the increase. (2) Per capita road mileage versus dryer vehicle holdings.
Using the indicator of per capita road mileage, we measure road congestion in countries, with a similar degree of interpretation through relevance tests, r2 = 0.76, which is slightly less relevant than per capita gdp, that is, insufficient road mileage, which reduces vehicle holdings.
By 2017, 34 km per 100-person road in China, 94 km per 100-kilometre road in Japan, 219 km per person road in the United States, and 21 km per person road in Korea. The more well built the road, the less congestion, the higher the number of people in Japan.
China is close, and in the 1980’s, to the rapid growth of roads, the rapid increase in the number of cars, the congestion of roads, and the saturation of vehicle holdings. As a result, at present, vehicle holdings are facing traffic infrastructure bottlenecks.
As a guarantee, the country’s road infrastructure industry still has much room for development, so the road will be a very important link in the new capital plan. Assuming that the country’s infrastructure will grow at 3% per year over the next decade, it is expected that per capita vehicle holdings will be achieved by 2028.
In the case of 320 dry people, the vehicle holdings will reach 448 million, which is the third most significant increase in future vehicle sales, and the cost of use (rootage). Parking costs have a clear deterrent effect on car demand, with extreme cases being Hong Kong, China, owing to the high cost of underground parking spaces.
The purchase price of parking spaces is as high as HK$1 million, renting parking space is about HK$5,000-$6000/month, and although the average per capita Gdp is higher, the number of cars is less than 100 per thousand. Here, we pay for parking on the first line of cities in Japan and Korea.
Months (JPY 2,500-5,000/month); RMB 2300-2800/month in central Seoul, South Korea, and RMB 1,500-1800/month in general for Beijing Finance Street, at $8-10/hour. At present, the cost of parking in mainland First-line cities is not significantly higher than in Japan and Korea.
In these calculations, we can make it clear that even without taking into account the Government's over-expected build-up, the long-term growth hub can have some negative effect on the car industry, as we pointed out in the Glossy Glass report, where the policy was more perturbing, for example, during the earlier low-end periods:
1) The pre-acquisition tax credit policy overstretched the demand for automobile consumption; 2) the six standards of the five-way country of the automobile country, triggering consumer interest. Historically, both low-volume car sales in the country have had a policy base, as in the case of the “under-car” introduced in 2009.
Communes, “For old”; the 2015 acquisition tax credit policy has been effective in stimulating consumption while driving the valuation up. Fulfilling has a clear lead, and the catalyst here is policy. So, in this study of short-term upswings, we focus on possible policies.
So, the central question is, if you want to stimulate car consumption, where does the regulatory level start? We're going to move from a few policy directions that can be used to find the main lines.
A 50 per cent increase in the number of licences is expected to release 443,000 units of demand, representing 1.7 per cent of the total annual sales in 2019;
In the absence of adequate infrastructure, even full-open access to purchases is not a major pull. So, the first-line city’s cut-off rate, presumably in the form of a single point, is not the focus of a large-scale stimulus.
In the period 2008-2012, when the country ' s vehicle sales went up, the current peak of the 10-year life cycle was the year of the switch. So, is the consumption of the change of cars not yet started or is it already in progress? Two figures, first of all, are the share of the demand for the change, which has risen rapidly in the last three years, to nearly 30 per cent of the overall demand.
The second is the sale of medium- and high-end cars, which, in the case of consumer swaps, tend to be concentrated in consumer demand. Because of this group’s strong appreciation of brand value identity, the upgrade will be driven by a high- and medium-end vehicle.
In general, sales have increased at an average rate of 14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the automobile industry has fallen by 8.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
New, and the same margin is not the best explanation for the moment. Figure: First-time vehicle purchase subsidy for different brands (in %) is a very direct stimulus that has already started to be introduced in the province of Guangdong in 2020.
In Fushan and Hunan provinces, respectively, the first-purchase subsidy policy is introduced, and citizens are entitled to a subsidy of $2,000 to $5,000 for the purchase of new vehicles, valid for one year.
It is more likely that the start-up population will have a large base and will not be stimulated to overdraft the follow-on demand for vehicles, but it is also important to note that the start-up does not represent a large overall stimulus. The start-up population is a direct driver of our earlier analysis of the increase in the holdings of car dryers, which is subject to two short-term constraints:
Subsidy, which solves the purchasing power problem, but does not solve the road problem, is likely to have a structural focus if it is to be carried out at the present time – the cities below the three lines, as well as non-constricted areas such as rural areas, would be.
On the basis of this analysis, we can sum up the driving forces of our automobile sales to two points: 1) long-term view of purchasing power and capital growth; 2) short-term view of the policy subsidy stimulus.
In the short term, the regulatory level has introduced a vehicle start-up subsidy policy that will restore sales by 2 percentage points in 2020; in the long term, assuming a continued expansion of the capital, the per capita gdp will increase by 6 per cent per year, it will be calculated that the per capita vehicle holdings in the next decade will reach 254 vehicles/dry, with an average 4 per cent increase in holdings.
So, after we've done the policy, and we've got the increase in car sales, we're going to look at the market rate, which brands are more competitive in an environment like this? In 2018, the upper gas group sold a total of 7.05 million cars, 25% of the city, far above the second-highest eastwind car.
Among the four major brands of the upper gas group, 2.1 million (30 per cent) were sold by the upper gas public, 1.96 million (28 per cent) were sold by upper gas general, 1.97 million (28 per cent) by upper gas general Mitsubishi, and 730,000 (10 per cent) were sold by upper gas passenger vehicles (including the Emeritus and Monsignor).
Figure: Comparison of city occupancy/upload car brands (in %) The overall growth rate of the upper gas is stable and the future pattern does not change much. We focus on the low end series in this case, which consists mainly of general Mitsubishi and upper motor vehicles, with four major items: "Figuri", "Boldstone", "Ringway" and "Gondor"
Cards, medals, and titles as new energy models have grown faster in recent years, but with greater uncertainty. Given the short-term drivers, probably by subsidizing the consumption of cars by purchasing power, there is a certain feature in favour of products that are useful and cost-effective.
If we continue our policy path, the new energy vehicle does not meet these two criteria, because, first, the rural recharge infrastructure is inadequate, and secondly, the preservation and purchase rates of the new energy vehicle remain a major problem. According to Toyota research, when the ratio of car prices to per capita gdp is 1.4:1, the demand for car purchases will rise significantly.
In 2019, our average per capita gdp was $709,000, which means that the price of the first-to-be car would be about 100,000, which would drive the market for medium- and low-end fuel cars. And in this zone, the upper gas is more competitive, and we look mainly at two key data.
Of the 100,000 way out, four of the top 10, ranked in terms of volume, are upper. The four vehicles, namely, Ranjang, Santana, Mitsubishi macrolight, and the rest, are only 1-2. The data will contain some qualitative elements that we can't cover, including so-called real benefits, space, after-sales, maintenance.
Low-end cars are price-sensitive groups, and even when the front end buys subsidies, back-end residual rates are important references. The Yogurt team selects the top ten representative models from the car house for sales below $100,000, using the formula.
In contrast: the margin = the average price of old cars/the price of new cars. By contrast, it can be observed that the premium on upper gas is clearly at the top two points, and in the short run, the upper gas is expected to increase market rates on lower end vehicles. But in the long run, this logic is not enough to support a definite increase in the market share.
Looking first at the model, given the properties of the consumer goods of the car, the faster it is, the more efficient it is, the more efficient it is, the better it is for the product to be designed and replaced, and we rank the domestic manufacturer in the following order: Gilly's General Mitsubishi's Great Wall car on board the vehicle. Without considering the joint brand, the ability to launch an autonomous product needs to be enhanced.
Figure: Changes in market share (in %) and medium-high-end ratio. If we look at the automobile market in the long run, the medium-high-end model is a very core race.
Toyota’s development history is very clear. In the 1990’s, Toyota’s research found that the market was undergoing structural changes, and that the focus of the car market had been purchased for the first time.
During this period, the American automobile market went down for three consecutive years, and the lack of high-end products led to the Toyota market, where, in order to recover the lost market share, Toyota, on the one hand, introduced a series of suv-based vehicles; on the other hand, the first luxury brand, Lexus. In 1993, Toyota had a 1.8% operating profit rate, which had risen to 2007.
In summary, given that the competitiveness of the upper steam autonomous brand still needs to be enhanced, the joint venture brand remains at the core of maintaining the current market share, so Merger Mergers assumes that the market will remain at 24% in 2019 over the next decade. So the sales forecast has been completed, and then we look at the last variable, the unit price of the vehicle.
In the present case, the average unit price of vehicles (asp) has generally stabilized at between $85,000 and $95,000, with little overall change. Figure: Comparison of the average unit price of cars with industry shows a higher rate of increase in vehicle prices in Biadi and Gilly, with a five-year compound rate of 28 per cent and 21 per cent, respectively.
This is because different development paths have been adopted, with Biadi turning to a new energy vehicle with a high vehicle value; Gilley has launched the medium-end high-end product line by absorbing the central technology of Volvo. The above-mentioned product roll-out has also been possible, and Gilly’s roll-out is significantly faster than other brands.
So, for upper steam, one way to raise the price of a bicycle is to electrify a car on the one hand, and high-end product lines on the other. So, is there a layout in this case on both sides?
In 2020, the new energy plant for the upper-gas public meb is about to be built, and it is expected to become operational in October, with an annual capacity of 300,000 pure electric vehicles.
In autonomous brands, up-and-up-up-and-coming-dating joint ventures are expected to launch pure electric new energy cars in 2020. Second, look at the new product layout.
According to the market survey, the country’s product plates, which are expected by the market in 2020, consist mainly of Biadehan, Gillicon, Red Flag 9 and Chirry, not including the model of the case, and therefore the drive for the new product needs to be upgraded.
On the whole, the case is expected to increase the price of bicycles gradually through the layout of the new energy vehicles, so here it is projected to increase from year to year at an historical average of 2%.
In 2009, the upper-mortality group consolidated the parts and components business under the flag, established the China-based car loan on the market, and became the global champion of vehicle spare parts through acquisitions such as the Longer Front, Jiangsen self-control, the Equivalent Magnus International, the Shanghai Plumbing, etc.
In the history of the development of the Lihua Domain, performance growth is largely driven by two main factors: 1) Up-Board System Support; 2) Outside, by 2018, 55 per cent of the revenue of Chinese automobiles came from upper-mortality clients, including upper-mortality, upper-mortality, upper-air vehicles, etc.; 24 per cent came from overseas market customers, including Ford, General, Chrysler, etc.
Thus, the system of customers in Chinese automobiles is more comprehensive and enables them to respond to new product cycles and business problems in different car firms, so Merger Mergers assumes that car parts and components operations are based on the increase in global automobile industry sales, i.e. - 4.9 per cent in 2019 and recovery to 3 per cent after 2020.
Automotive finance operations - mainly for car-buying consumers, operated by subsidiaries in general-purpose finance and upper-air finance, which account for 2 per cent of revenue. Consider this business mainly through the granting of loans and advances to generate interest earnings. Here the Mergers and Mergers assume, for the next 10 years, the assumption is that:
The business maintains a record 6.3% rate of return, so that the size of the revenue from the automobile finance business increases by 5% of the size of the upper group ' s loan assets. The formula is: revenue from the automobile finance business = the size of the loan issued * rate of return.
We cross-check with it from other angles. Methodology I, quarterly counter-pulls - by means of the historical relationship between quarterly, inter-annual and annual reports, reverses the 2019 income increase figure: quarterly operating income as a percentage of total annual income (in billions of yuan, %)
The average of its income as a proportion of annual income in the first three quarters is about 71.5%, as shown by the historical fluctuations. Thus, approach II: Intra-natural growth - based on the formula: Intra-natural growth = net asset return* (1-point red rate), the year of the case’s historical balance.
The pipeline stock has been significantly deconstructed, and the industry’s inventory has grown at the bottom of recent years, and is now nearing the end of the inventory phase, plus the stock cycle or opening, the future withdrawal of the low-end productive capacity of Suzir, and the benefits of increased concentration in the industry, leading firms. This calculation does not differ significantly from our above-mentioned projections.
However, the return on investment from the two major joint ventures of the upper-gas group should also be included in the ebit. So, how should this share of investment be measured? The upper-air group, 54 joint-stock companies and 57 joint ventures.
In terms of investment patterns, the shareholding ratio is 50%, and is accounted for by long-term equity investments, and the resulting return on investment is to be established here in terms of equity. In terms of contribution profits, these two joint ventures are the backbone of the upper conglomerates and operate steadily, and I am, therefore,
It is assumed that the post-tax profits generated by the invested enterprise will be distributed to the upper group in proportion to the equity share of the investing enterprise, and that this share will be credited to ebit, affecting free cash flows. The forecast method here is three-step: first, the upward mass, the upper gas-like income, and the net profit.
In 2019, two million vehicles were sold, a decline of 3.07 per cent in the same year, and 1.6 million vehicles sold in the same year, a decline of 18.8 per cent in the same year.
Since 2020, the upper-air engine will be rebooted to boost the volume of the four-cylinder engine, although sales are expected to remain low in 2020 because of the impact of the early-year accident on a major factory located in Wuhan.
On February 28, 2020, the upper-gas public had completed the decoupling of 2,200 vehicles, including the first-ever new energy net, the 18.8 per cent drop in the upper-gas general operating income in 2019, taking into account the overall competitive advantage of the generic group.
Assuming a future increase of 0 per cent; profit rate of 5.44 per cent at the General Motors level in 2018. The results are as follows:
Return on investment = profit from tax on invested enterprises * shareholding ratio of investing enterprises. Figure: Investment income (in billions of yuan) Step 3 calculates the return on investment generated by all joint ventures.
Given that there are more than 100 upper-bond joint ventures, distributed in the middle and lower of the automobile chain. From now on, the upper-bond group is more dependent on the two joint ventures and the future reliance on the two joint ventures has a direct impact on the modelling of the case. Therefore, Merger Merger Merger is optimistic about the share of return on investment and conservative calculations are as follows:
1. In a optimistic situation, the upper-gas group ' s reliance on upper-gas publics and upper-gas-likes has diminished, with two joint-venture companies maintaining a low 60 per cent share of overall investment returns. (2) Conservatively, the upper-gas group ' s main investment returns come from upper-gas publics and upper-gas-likes, and the two joint-venture companies invest.
And then we have to look closely at another important thing -- how much does this cost each year? Where does that cost us if we don't come?
After the income forecast is complete, we enter the ebidta forecast, which can be divided into four major sections: cost, R & D, overhead, and sales. Note that the above three calibers have been depreciated and amortized. First, the cost items include raw materials, manual wages, depreciation, energy, etc.
The Māori rate in this case is significantly lower than the average for the same industry (17%) compared to the entire car factory. This is due to the fact that the upper-air group and the revenue from the upper-air mass sales and the higher-air general-sales sales are essentially the role of distributors, reflecting only the Māori of the sales chain, so the combined-stock Māori rate is lower.
The Māori ratio of L-Yongda is between 7 and 10 per cent, which is lower than that of the entire car factory.Figure: Compared to the Māori ratio of the industry (in %) in this case, the change in Māori rate depends on two aspects: 1) industry climate; 2) product structure optimized;
1) Industry landscapes. The automobile industry generally uses the “first-to-price” logic, that is, the down-the-scenes cycle, where manufacturers can only maintain sales by granting larger discounts, when the car type has dropped significantly and the profitability has declined.
In terms of vehicle-type Māori, the Māori rate for high-end vehicles is 5-15% higher than the average low end; and, in terms of product structure, the Māori rate for autonomous vehicles is 7% higher than for distribution of joint ventures. Given that in the present case, the Māori ratio is higher than from 2% to 10%, and is likely to improve in the long term.
Administrative costs (including R & D costs) - mainly salaries, R & D costs, depreciation and amortization, technology transfer costs, etc. The management costs of the upper gas group as a percentage of operating income were 3.1% from 2014 to 2018, and the management costs in this case were lower than in the same industry.
The significant increase in 2018 was the result of a significant increase in R & D inputs by vehicle, which increased by 75.36 per cent over the same period, with R & D costs included in our overhead costs.
Taken together, its administrative cost rate has fluctuated over the last five years, so the M & As assumes - during the forecast period, 3, marketing costs - mainly transport logistics, advertising, product quality assurance, etc. The sales rate in this case is higher than in the industry from 2014 to 2014 than in the case of the industry, and is the same as in the case of a broad group of cars.
In the long run, because of the more competitive use of the car market and the need to invest a large amount of advertising and advertising costs, historical data show that most companies in the industry have seen their sales cost increase gradually, so the M & A assumption - pre-empted this, and the profit sheet construction has come to an end, although there is also an analysis of depreciation amortization.
The amortization has to look at another important matter — how much will this case cost in the future in terms of long-term assets such as equipment, factories, etc.? How will the money be amortized to the annual profit table?) a working capital.
Let's look first at capital spending – between 2014 and 2018, the upper gas group spent 143.20 per cent of capital, appliances, molds, land tenure, software rights, and so on for the last five years. By comparison with industry, the share of capital expenditure in this case is more stable and low, at around 2 to 3 per cent.
In combination with the above data, M&A makes a reasonable assumption of capital expenditure by means of a ratio of approximately 80 per cent of fixed assets, consisting mainly of land use rights, generic technologies and software rights:
1) Purchase of fixed assets/business income - because of their lower share of income of newly acquired fixed assets - we 2) Depreciation - its fixed assets consist mainly of buildings and machinery, with a weighted average depreciation of approximately 20.3) Intangible assets acquisition/main business income - with fewer additional intangible assets, mainly software usage and land use rights
Mainly, the share of income from newly acquired intangible assets is more stable, so we assume that the amortization of intangible assets - mainly land use rights, generic technologies, software rights, concessions, etc. - will be maintained for the next three years on average, with a weighted average of about 30 years and an annual amortization rate of about 3.3 per cent.
So far, capex (capital expenditure), depreciation amortization projections have been completed. But there is another big variable that will have an enormous impact on free cash flows, and hence on valuation modelling — in this case, what is the right of voice in the industry chain? Can it take up up upstream and downstream funds, and thus enhance its own cash flow to enhance its value in the enterprise?
By comparing the share of operating capital to income of comparable companies, this case has been relatively stable, with a constant rate of less than 1 per cent. We have focused on receivables, pre-collections, accounts payable, and advance payments.
The amounts due and prepaid were mainly due from materials and equipment, with the top five vendors procuring around 60.94 per cent of the total procurement volume, which is relatively concentrated. From 2014 to 2018, their accounts payable accounted for 12.02 per cent, 16.90 per cent and a significant decrease in 2018, respectively, mainly due to the initial payments made by their subsidiaries to the joint vehicle manufacturing enterprise.
By comparison with the industry, the accounts payable in this case represented a lower level of operating costs than the top five suppliers, such as the co-operators, the Esquires, and so on, were spread out, at around 10-20%.
From historical data, its accounts payable as a proportion of costs are stable, and M&As assume that the ratio of accounts payable as a proportion of costs has remained at the average of almost three years during the forecast period — 16.23 per cent; advance payments, owing to the impact of the manufacturing progress of the joint venture, have a downstream voice — mainly in notes receivable and receivables, and in advance. Accounts receivable — are mainly corporate, corporate, pre-collective.
Co-operatives, consumers, etc. buy more cars and customers, with the top five clients earning about 10% of total sales income. In 2014, receipts were about 70% higher than receivables. In comparison with the industry, the accounts receivable as a percentage of operating income in this case was more stable, and the downstream customers were more diversified, with M&A assuming receivables for the forecast period.
The advance payment in this case consisted mainly of the full cost of the car, materials, spare parts, etc., which was affected by the decline in the volume of sales in the automobile market. In 2018, taking into account the greater impact of the volume of sales of the car, the merger assumed that, during the forecast period, the advance payment/receipt would be completed, and that the efficiency of its operations would depend mainly on the stock turnover rate.
From historical data, from 2014 to 2018, the upper gas group had a stock turnover rate of 15.76, 15.41 and its stock consisted of raw materials, products, stocks, etc., of which the ratio was approximately 83.19 per cent, the main component of the inventory. In comparison with the industry, in this case, the upper gas group had a stock turnover rate at the medium level of the industry, of which, Jiang,
The stock turnover of light cars increased significantly in 2018, as a result of the 41.1% increase in the sales of basic passenger vehicles (saloons) compared to the previous year. However, overall industry performance, since 2016, as a result of the decline in vehicle market sales, most businesses have experienced a decline in stock turnover.
In addition, as mentioned above: 19 months of negative growth in vehicle sales from September 2018 to the present date, the car market is still at a low-intensity stage. On balance, Merger Merger assumes that stock — since the stock in this case accounts for 80% of inventory over the years.
And above, and at the same time that the demand in the automobile market is still low in the short term, we assume that future stock as a proportion of the cost will be significant, and here, several of the main variables in the valuation modeling have been identified. When the assumption is done, the modelling is the water-to-water process.
Before modelling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: the annual data on vehicle ownership of thousands of people in 20 major countries around the world, with only 172 vehicles per 1,000 people in China, with an average of 708 vehicles in the top five of the world. We assume an increase in per capita gdp, no capital growth, 10 years to South Korea.
At this level, the annual growth rate of 4 per cent can be observed, and if the road infrastructure is growing steadily, the growth rate of motor vehicle holdings can be maintained at 4-2 per cent: in the short term, the policy is more perturbing the automobile industry. Long-term drivers: in the first place, in the second place, in the second place, in the infrastructure. In the third place, depending on new products and new energy vehicles, it is possible to raise the market rate.
The current brand of upper steam has made some breakthroughs in the Indian market, but it is still relatively small. 3) Return on capital investment: between 2016 and 2018, we calculated that it removed cash and class cash assets from roic, respectively. 4) Parade analysis: the upper-middle and lower-stream car industry chain has been deployed by the upper-middle and lower-streaming groups, and the entire industrial chain has been fully covered.
At a time when joint ventures are strong, joint ventures are established with large public, generic and other giants, and there is a stronger voice in the chain, with low-end products, specialized research institutes in the field of financial analysis and financial modelling, which have a significantly higher value-added character than the other big ones.
5) From the standpoint of the competition pattern, this case is one of the top four major players in China’s car sales: the public, the public, the general and the general. Three of them come from the upper-air industry. At present, the top 10 cars in the country are concentrated in about 60.2% of the manufacturing industry, and we focus on three leading players: the upper-air, the Great Wall (value for money).
+ National Explosion), Gilly (value + high end), in addition to which studies will be conducted on high-end vehicle trends, such as lanes such as luxury car distribution. 6) Risk factors: (a) lack of competitiveness of autonomous brands and new energy products, and trend of new energy vehicles, represented by Tesla
The power is growing, taking advantage of high value for money, high-tech content, and appearanceal fashion.b The current economy is not stable, and without policy incentives in the short term, automobile sales will continue to decline.c As tariffs fall, imported cars will have room for price reductions, and industry competition will become more intense.
When you look here, several of the main variables of modelling have been identified. When you assume that you're done, the model calculation is water availability, and some of the key industries are emcel modelling, see: the Science and Technology Modelling Casebook.
And: professional modeling casebook, in the case of xx electricity, the forecasted sample of bs table, evened out: xx video, in the case of cf scenario:
In the report that follows, we will address the following major issues in the case. Only if we think about them clearly can we understand the company in question and form a logical shut-off. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, we can move across the secondary market -- but in fact, if we don't model the valuation, the money.
The two main factors of risk make it clear that there is still a potential for major disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What is the difference between the data zones that have been generated, and whether there is something to think about?
2) Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the differences? If a sensitivity analysis is conducted, how much is the impact of wacc and acceleration on valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain - different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial forecasts be combined to form a closed link to the valuation model?
The value of the case is whether it is expensive or cheap in what areas? Because of the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the paying user of the merger-ordered report, the M & A team will be required to report to the user, part of it will no longer be free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function.
In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus I: a professional version of the report, which will scan the lower 2-D code, obtain details of the valuation modelling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved.
To obtain model forms and invoices after purchase, add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj, in addition to this case, you have to study these ...
The eight words of value-deepness, security margins, can be said to be the true core of the value-investment research system, and the great minds of the greats of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Karaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, for 10 years, and study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, and we won't be able to lose material strength, even if it's expensive.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which concentrates on our research excellence, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want. Copying, copying, copying.) About content: we're responsible for financial analysis, industrial research, content analysis.
This paper is based on public company affiliation, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are unrelated to this paper. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its integrity and accuracy.
Validity, timeliness. Market risks, research needs to be cautious. 3) On theme: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and not all of the cases you need are covered, understand. 4) On platform: all content of the elite is exported only by the micro-letter platform and is not responsible for any other platform content, for counterfeiting, tort.
[Data support] Some of the data from the study of this case, supported by the following institutions, are grateful for the fact that the national city is bloomberg, Reuters, and ranked in no order of rank.
It's essential. If you're interested in buying the data terminals of the above institutions, you're welcome to contact us.