Investments, credit performance, leverage space, Wang Qing Dynasty, corporate brokerage/investment/capitalization/credit/self-employment income accumulated in the first half of the year, respectively
\triangleright practice number: s15005192120002
In the first half of the year, net income from trading in securities/selling unit seat rental/distribution of financial products was the same as in the second half of the year. In wealth management, as at the end of the first half of the year, the number of clients managing corporate wealth was equal.
Over 13.5 million households accumulated: the size of trust clients ' assets remained at RMB 10 trillion, an increase of 7% over 2022. Of these, more than RMB 2 million had more than 160,000 clients with assets of RMB 1.8 trillion.
There are 111 company ipo reserve projects. The ipo/refinancing scale and ipo reserve projects are all in the first place in the industry. In the case of bond underwriting, the company ' s bond underwriters for the first half of the year was $8,576.7 billion, or industry first. 3) In the case of pooled, single and special-purpose operations, the sizes are 374.17 per cent, respectively.
By the end of the first half of the year, $10.740 billion had been borrowed from the company’s finance voucher operation, which was higher than the first year’s surplus and the increase in the size of the non-directional stock holdings under the off-site derivatives business.
Make clear that it will “optimize the criteria for calculating the securities firm's wind control indicators, properly relax the capital constraints on the Division of High-quality Securities Portfolio S.A., and improve the efficiency of capital use.” We expect companies to rely on a stable performance schedule.
We're looking forward first to leveraging up, leading Roe up, suggesting attention.
Li, Director-General of the Guanghai Rental Operations Department, was employed in China-China Portfolio Portfolio and Chinese-Canadian Securities. Joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019. He was in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. He was a Master of Arts in Economics, University of Shandong; Master of Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France; three years of non-bank finance research experience; and was a former member of the United Nations Board of Auditors, Zhang Kai-jung, Master of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of insurance actuarials, June 2022.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.