On 14 March 2023, he focused on 30 years of pig breeding, leading the industry. Mr. Qin Yinglin, the founder of the company, started it in 1992.
The \triangleright industry, which began with farm efficiency as its first productivity, has developed over 30 years into a “self-sufficient” unit of feed processing, pig-planting, pig-planting, commodity-farming, slaughtering meat, etc.
In 2013-2022, the number of male-born pigs rose from 1.37,000 to 61.2 million, with cagr as high as 53.3%; operating income increased from large-scale farming, depending on the second half of the year when demand and supply led to pig prices. In 2022, the United States of America produced pigs.
At the end of the supply, the late 2022 pig farming sector was affected by a double epidemic, which is expected to lead to the degeneration of the pig production capacity. At the end of the demand, as the population adapts to the new epidemic, the next half of the year's meals are consumed.
S-1005211009 continues to recover at an approximate rate, and the cumulative consumption season is expected to drive up the prices of pigs. At the heart of the downside efficiency, multi-dimensional advantages are created to produce all-power fighters.
\triangleright, precision control of production links and cost stability; 2 creating a unique two-dimensional breeding system, with meat, seeds and combinations to achieve "screw as treasures"; 3 rational industrial layout, with significant advantages in the procurement of Liang sources; 4 diversified feed.
The programme, which is based on the selection of green drops,5 modern and intelligent farming patterns, is increasing efficiency in farming, and 6 points out that there is a high level of talent and widespread recruitment of sages. By the end of 2022, the efficiency of corporate farming had improved significantly, with the rate of full life of pigs rising from around 80% to over 86%, and the weight of fat pigs was increasing from around 600g at the beginning of the year.
In the month of \triangleright, the company established Veterinary Medicines Ltd., in cooperation with the China Shepherd and the Federation of Inner Mongolia, respectively, and the industrial chain was directed towards the research assistant, Zhang Yi.
Upstream veterinary medicine is expanding, and the cost of raising pigs is expected to continue to decline. Following the African swine plague, the company responded to the country's policy of “carrying pigs” to “carry meat” by fast-tracking the slaughter business. By the end of November 2022, the company had completed 10 slaughterhouses with a combined capacity of 29 million head/year, and was already operating with nearly 10,000 clients.
By the end of 2022, companies were expected to produce pigs. By December 12, the company was to issue a global deposit voucher (gdr), which will be available on the Swiss stock exchange.
This optimizes the capital structure, replenishs capital, and meets the long-term development financing needs of companies. \triangleright leads, has a clear advantage in successfully building a self-sustaining whole-of-business chain.
Cost has a multi-dimensional scope for decline, resulting in an increase in the volume of interest, for the first time covered, with a “recommended” rating. \triangleright 1 focused on 30 years of pig farming, leading the achievement industry.
1.1 The entire industrial chain has grown stronger and more secure, with 30 years of growth in pig farming and the entire industrial chain in the country. The founder of the company, Mr. Qin Yinglin, has made science, technology and innovation the cornerstone of business development since the start of his business in 1992, with the emphasis on productivity.
In 1997, for the first time, the pig farm went out on a 10,000 scale, and in 2000, the county farm company was set up. In 2009, the company completed the reform of the stock system, and in 2014, it was placed on the market. After 30 years of development, the company has now formed a cluster feed processing, pig-planting, pig-breeding, and so forth.
In 2022, the company's industrial chain was gradually extended upstream, in April and July, respectively, to form the China-China Herdsmen's Biopharmaceuticals Company, and the Henan Alliance Animal Herds with the Federation of Inner Mongolia.
By the end of 2022, the company’s four main operations, feed, pig breeding, pig farming and slaughter processing, had covered Beijing, Shanghai, Zhejiang, and Beijing.
The company’s chairman, Mr. Qin Yinglin, and Ms. Qian Ying-hyeong, are the real owners of the company, of which Mr. Qin holds 39.20% of the company’s shareholdings and ultimately the company’s ownership.
Beneficiary, Ms. Qing holds 1.21 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings, and both spouses hold 12.87 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings indirectly through the pastoral business group, and together they hold 53.28 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings.
In addition, in October 2022, the company issued a bulletin on the extension of the second employee holding plan, which extended the second employee holding plan for 12 months; and in December 2022, the company further revised the unit ' s confidence, which boosted the core cadre and the motivation of the staff.
1.2 The expansion of production capacity ensures a growth in revenue, profit levels are subject to the cyclical volatility of hog prices, the growth of pig production continues at a high rate, and the share of the city continues to rise. Since the company ' s listing in 2014, with the continued expansion of capacity, the number of pig production has increased from 130.7 million in 2013 to 61.2 million in 2022
The production rate is not as high as expected and the impact of the African swine plague, and the same rate of growth in the birth of pigs has fallen, while the rate of growth in the rest of the year has remained at over 40%, indicating high growth through cattle bears. The country’s rules of 8.74% show that it is relatively competitive at the core and has become the largest producer of pig production in China.
Figure 4: The growth in the number and speed of pig production in companies from 2013 to 2022 ensured that harvests through cattle and bears continued to grow and profit levels fluctuated cyclically. The expansion smoothed out the effects of the pig cycle on harvests, with an annual rise in 2022q1-q3
Operating income of 80.770 billion yuan, an increase of 43.5 per cent over the previous two years; net return earnings from the pig cycle fluctuated considerably, management levels were rising, and profitable industries were leading. As a result of the rapid expansion of the company’s size, the three rates of cost as a whole showed an overall upward trend, but the decline was marked in the last two years with the increase in management levels.
The market is huge in the world's largest producer of pork, owing to different dietary habits.
In 2021, Chinese pork consumption accounted for 56% of meat consumption. In 2022, Chinese pork production was the highest in the world. According to the National Statistical Office, domestic pork production was 55.41 million tons, or 44.5% of the world ' s population, and its share was stable annually.
For 69,995,000 people, the average price for pig production is $19.2 per kilogram, based on 120 kilograms of pig weight, and the market for pig production amounts to $1.61 trillion.As a result of the high homogenization of products in pig farming, it is difficult for a farmer to establish a price through differentiated competition.
In combination with the large and stable nature of the industry, industry development is best achieved by scaling up the costs of scaling up out of the industry. Scaled farming is less expensive and more profitable than bulk farmers. In 2021, the production cost of model pig production was 2487.6 yuan/head, 221.5 yuan/head lower than that of bulk farmers; and the average size of pig production is in the column.
In aggregate, the unit cost of a large pig is $2.5/kg lower than that of a large farmer. In cases where the average selling price is small, the profit rate of a large pig is significantly higher than that of a large family. Table 3: Large-scale farming policy since the African pigpest
The scalding of pigs has helped the country to regulate and promote environmental policies. Pig meat is an important part of our food security, so it is very important for the country to guarantee the supply and price stability of pigs. The recent cycle of pigs, which has been affected by the African pigpest, has led to a sharp drop in the supply of piglets and a sharp rise in the price of piglets.
Rural farming is so heavily contaminated, even once more than industrial pollution, that it must be addressed. To promote green farming and reduce environmental pollution, the country has rapidly introduced a series of policies.
The People ' s Congress considered the adoption of the Law of the People ' s Republic of China on the Protection of the Environment; in April 2015, the Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution established a clear division of livestock breeding bases and implemented rapid relocations for the conservation of restricted areas; and in 2016 and 2017, respectively, issued circulars on further strengthening the prevention and control of pollution from livestock farming and 2017.
The new environmental regulations for the farming sector have eliminated many small conservations and accelerated the process of scalding pig farming, which is still less concentrated than in the developed world, and is still growing in scale than in the developed world.
In 2022, the Chinese pig-breeding industry grew 20.4% and the United States pig-breeding industry grew 56.4%, with the leading firm Smithfieldfoods alone accounting for 19.0%. As can be seen, the Chinese pig-breeding industry is still dominated by scattered households, with a continuing concentration of industries.
2.2 The supply and demand cycle is determined by a shift in the demand pattern driven by a recovery in consumption, or by a shift in supply-led to demand-driven patterns. In addition to rising consumption on a specific seasonal basis, the formation of the pig cycle was largely influenced by the supply side.
Small and medium-sized households are dominated by irrational feelings of "supplying and killing" and, because of the long life cycle, it takes only 14 months to grow from reserve to commodity pigs. When prices rise, the influx of large numbers of scattered households leads to excess births and lower prices after a year and a half, leading to the withdrawal of some of the farmers.
From July 2006 to the present, the country has experienced a complete four-round pig cycle. From the point of view of rising pork prices to the point of decline, each cycle will take about four years, and it will be more stable.
In March 2022, we entered the fifth cycle of the pig, and it became clear that the cycle was more volatile and had a shorter amplitude, and that 11 months went through a small cycle. In April 2022, the price of the pig began to rise in response to the degenerative factors of the previous period. By the end of 2022, the epidemic had resulted in a severe overconsumption of short-term restaurants.
In September-October, farmers increased secondary fertility and pressure bars, and the price fell sharply. In 2023, demand was expected to rise. As people gradually adapted to the new epidemic, demand for consumption or will rise in retaliation, prompting pig prices to return to profitable areas.
Figure 19: 22 Provinces and municipalities: average price: pig-born (RMK/kg) 3 with a drop-down efficiency at its core, with a brilliant 3.1-dimensional competitive advantage for pig-producing all-power fighters
3.1.1 The development of the integrated industrial chain of self-reliance and precision control of the various production links has led to the formation of a chain of raw pigs that combines feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodities, pig raising, slaughtering, etc.
Food safety is traceable, efficient and secure. Companies have strict technical specifications at all levels.
Two institutions have been set up, one for critical food safety control points, and the other for monitoring the mass of pigs dating back from pork to weaning pigs. Two such agencies have been set up, one for testing macro letters, and the other for testing.
The disease prevention and control system is complete. In 2018, the African swine fever epidemic had a serious impact on the domestic pig farming industry, and companies attached great importance to biosafety and control companies, which had a well-established system of disinfection and vaccination, based on the concept of “better than less, less than less, less, less, less, more integrated”.
At present, there are two main models for large-scale farms in the country: the “self-sustaining” model, headed by herd shares, and the “company +” headed by Wen’s shares.
The main difference between the two is that the “company + farmer” model is a partnership with farmers during the fertility phase, where farmers are responsible for fertilization and the company pays for their surrogates. The “self-reliance” model is the company's responsibility for all the stages of the farming process, so that the effects of the fluctuations in surrogacy can be eliminated.
In 2015-2018, the total cost of raising pigs from herds was slightly lower than the cost of the Wenstock shares, but the cost advantage of the “self-sufficiency” model became apparent after the African pigpest.
In the meantime, we have introduced Dolock, Long White, and about a gram of pigs from all over the world, and we have mixed up to get three-dollar commodity pigs. Although the three-dollar commodity generation is growing fast and has a high rate of thin meat, it has always been constrained by high levels of seeding and feed costs.
A breeding programme has been set up to improve the genetic performance and efficiency of pig breeding through science-based breeding techniques, while companies have maintained a leading position in the country in terms of the size and technology of pig breeding by further expanding the size of the core plant and raising the selection criteria.
By the end of 2022, the company had sold 346,000 pigs, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the previous year.
In 2002, the company began to explore the techniques of re-entry, and successfully built the system in 2006. As the company continues to explore innovation and changes in industry patterns for decades, the use of about grams and long white pigs as fathers has been gradually addressed.
The pain caused by the low rate of thin meat is that the binary breeding system now has the characteristics of meat, plant and use, and is able to respond quickly to the price fluctuations and become more flexible. On the one hand, it can be used directly as a pig, laying the basis for the rapid growth of the company; on the other hand, it is thin when the pig's reproductive performance declines.
In 2019, the northern African swine plague caused serious damage to livestock, and the formal reincarnation of the binary breeding support company was able to recover quickly. The advantages of the binary breeding system are that every generation of parents and pigs can maintain a hybrid advantage.
Not in the form of low genetic strength, such as more reproductive and recalcitrant performance; 2 in the form of savings in the cost of childbirth for mothers and fathers without the need to purchase them from abroad; 3 in the form of reduced risk of disease resulting from the massive introduction of parents and pigs; 4 in the form of increased adaptiveness of the pigs in the field.
3.1.3 Rationalization of the structure of the industry has led to significant advantages in the procurement of Liang.
Forage raw materials are the bulk of the cost of pig farming, with feed costs accounting for nearly 60% of the operating cost in 2021, mainly wheat, maize, soybean, etc. Purchases of primary raw feed raw materials have increased significantly since 2021 in response to market developments. But the company’s production capacity is mainly located in the food-producing areas north of the Yangtze River.
In Henan province, the price of materials is high. In Henan province, about 35% of the production capacity is high, in Heiji Liaomong region, about 20%, in Shandong province, Anhui province, about 10%, and in Jiangsu province, Hubei province, about 5% each. The north-east region, as the country’s important base for the production of food commodities, produced maize in 2021.
The province of Henan, as the country's largest food-producing province, produced about 9.6 per cent of the country's total food production in 2021 and 38.28 million tons of wheat, accounting for 27.8 per cent of the country's total wheat production; targeted production capacity reduced the cost of purchasing raw materials.
The company has been able to provide forage production in response to regional advantages and has quickly built 13 food and trade companies, mostly around staple food production areas. The company’s professional supply of raw feed materials for pig production is guaranteed while keeping the distance from transport as short as possible and further reducing the cost of raw materials.
The company actively works strategically with large domestic food companies to optimize the supplier structure, while developing supply chain finance operations to promote shared upstream and downstream development and stabilize the food supply. The company has set up an international trade team to actively explore new global procurement channels and move forward in due course.
Substitution, increasing future competitive advantage. Figure 30: Multi-diversity Feeding Programme 3.1.4 Flexible selection with green drops for maize purchases by company No. 2018-2022q1
The company has developed applications for wheat and raw materials processing by-products based on the technology of corn + soybean, wheat + soybean, and has achieved full application of the raw materials. The company can adjust the prices of raw materials in a timely manner, depending on the price of the raw materials.
The main material in the material formulation, which effectively reduced the cost of feed, created a stronger cost advantage. In 2021, the prices of maize and soybean rose rapidly, and companies quickly adjusted to take advantage of their own formula advantage, followed by a further reduction in the share of corn and soybean in raw feed materials, wheat and rice at higher prices than sex.
In 2021, corn and soybean purchases amounted to 16.8% and 9.0%, compared to 50.3pt of low-protein daily food formulas, leading to a green drop. After a continuous exploration exercise, the share of herbs in feed in 2021 was only 6.9% and far below the industry level of 15.3%.
In 2020, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs monitored an average protein level of 15.7 per cent for pig feed products, a ratio of about 17.7 per cent for soybeans, and the application of low-protein daily foods effectively reduced nitrogen content in feed, thereby reducing the emissions of nitrous oxide in the handling of nutrient waste, reducing head intake by 1.5 kg of nitrogen and reducing nitrogen emissions.
6.06 million tons, resulting in a total reduction of 3,786 million tons of protein, equivalent to a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of 11.11 million tons of carbon dioxide equivalent, savings of approximately 108.17 million tons of soybeans and 832.05 million acres of land.
The company uses multi-stage precision nutrient formulation techniques, based on inter-seasonal, pig and productive energy application methods, and has developed six major types of 59 dynamic nutrient models to provide the best nutrients for pigs.
As of December 2022, the company had developed a modern, intelligent farming model, and its efficiency had been constantly improving.
In the meantime, the company uses artificial intelligence technology to develop a model for the prediction of swine disease, real-time monitoring and effective control of the disease, automatic collection and analysis of data from the farming process, early warning of certain pig diseases, and assistance in the long-range diagnosis of the veterinarians.
During the fertility phase, a company breeder can raise 2,400-3,600 piglets at the same time (according to the conditions of the pighouses) and produce more productively than the national average. As of the increase in the weight of the pig, it has increased from around 600g to more than 750g.
Smart pighouses: As the most productive place in the life of a commodity pig, the beauty of a pighouse plays a vital role in the efficiency of farming. And a fine pighouse can replicate and recycle, and it can be used once and for all for businesses. So the head of the company, Mr. Qin Yinglin, has been developing the first generation of pighouses since he started his business in 1992.
After 28 years of successfully developing twenty-third generation air-filtered pighouses in 2020, using artificial intelligence technology to achieve the “smart three pighouses” of antivirus, anti-epidemic and anti-bacterial odour.
Motion, automatic operation, with all feed using a high temperature delay of 85°c, 8 min (modification of 3 min + temperature of 5 min) sterilisation, real-time on-line monitoring, analysis, treatment of sterilisation temperature to ensure high temperature sterilisation effects; use of closed feed canisters after cooling by a cooling wind filtering 3°C after sterilisation
Transportation to farm-based centralized tanks, re-use of pipe-chain closures to feed units, complete without human contact, feed-biosafety zero risk, and the health of pigs. Companies have built feeding information systems to monitor, analyse, provide feedback on feed quality, dietary conditions and the growth performance of pigs, and ensure feed quality, nutrition.
The world's largest feeding robots, feed processing and feeding as one. Robot structures are divided into brain hosts and handlers, 38 metres high, arms up, 2365 metres high, 1.32 million square metres in the field, and annual processing feed.
720,000 tons, in collaboration with 75,000 smart terminals. Robots carry smart feeding systems, which automatically collect information on the amount of raw pig food, drinking water, etc., and analyze the health of pigs according to their population growth curves, one formula per day, precise feeding, and a new breakthrough in pig breeding.
Intelligent platforms: Shinhara transforms the business model through big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, developing an integrated industrial development path around pork, setting up a smart goods networking platform covering the three main business lines of feed, farming, slaughtering, interconnecting the entire business chain data, and comprehensively covering the group-region-subsidiary-field-module five levels.
The integration of business data and competencies leads to individualized intelligent management and, on the basis of the provision of equipment monitoring, smart identification, reporting, analysis, intellectual assessment, biosafety, data services, the continuous accumulation and extension of new applications, service delivery, fine-tuning of pork production management and intellectualization of decision-making.
Table 7: Corporate smart equipment describes employees as the most valuable resource and wealth of the company. Shinwon's achievements today require the company's founders. Mr. Qin Young-lin and Yang Ruihua, Xin Ko, Li Ying-bong, Zhang Yu Liang and others are experienced and theoretically successful.
And the company’s rapid scale-up process, fertility-generating techniques, and intelligent farming models are supported by professional talent. Shinhara has set up an open career platform for people in such specialized fields as global open-source intelligence, breeding, veterinary medicine, nutrition, civil engineering, etc.