The non-ferrous metals industry (603799) The bottom of the industry is shaken and the cobalt industry leads to the creation of a competitive advantage for industrial integration in the south-west securities research and development centre.
• Build a closed chain of upper, middle, and downstream industries that create competitive advantages for industrial integration. Companies deploy a whole chain of industry, creating a closed industry from cobalt mines, cobalt salt to triple-dollar drivers, three-dollar solid materials, and achieving efficient synergies in the whole chain, with a strong cost advantage and a competitive edge in the whole chain. Companies accelerate the layout.
Downstream triad drive. By 2018, the volume of pretreasuries had reached 13,000 tons, or 6 per cent, while product research and development had continued to break through, with a wide range of products entering the world ' s leading industrial chain, with a potential to reach 200,000 tons by 2021, with the prospect of entering the first industrial echelon.
• Control of cobalt mineral resources in order to increase the size of the smelting and build the cost advantages of raw materials and security of supply. The company, through the p527 mine rights controlled by the son's cdm, and the Kambove tailings and shonkole mine controlled by the mikas subsidiary, has locked in 69,000 tons of cobalt resources and 617,000 tons of copper resources, while the company is working deep.
For decades, fruit (gold) has acquired stable and low-cost mining channels; with the completion of the technology of the company ' s 30,000-ton cobalt salt project, the company now owns 39,000-ton metal salt production capacity in the country, and is in the position of absolute leader, with the advantage of industry ' s leading size.
Cobalt prices are at the bottom of the shock phase, looking at medium- to long-term trends. The current price of cobalt is in the bottom zone, and we sentence 5g to a large commercial spread, and 5g to a wave of mobile phones that will pull the demand for cobalt from digital 3c batteries. The annual global consumption of new energy vehicles to pull cobalt will be 43,000 tons, compared to 17,000 tons in 2018.
A 150% increase will be achieved. A contraction in the supply side of the stacking of cobalt deposits: Gorgeous can announce the closure of the world ' s largest production of mutunda cobalt ore and a downward revision of production guidelines. We expect that global production of cobalt ore will increase at an average annual rate of 4.6% for 2019-2021, while the demand for cobalt downstream will grow steadily in 3c batteries and at a high rate of power cell growth.
There will be a gap in the supply of cobalt ore in 2021, which will drive the price of cobalt up gradually.1 Company profile: the leader of the cobalt industry, the whole industry chain layout.
Founded in 2002, changed in 2008 to China Friends Cobalt Industries Ltd., and completed a listing in January 2015, the company ' s main operations include the manufacture of new energy materials for lithium electricity, deep processing of new cobalt materials, and cobalt, copper non-ferrous metal mining, selection, smelting, cobalt-based chemicals, lithium electrode pre-drivers and copper nickel metals.
Since the establishment of the company's subsidiary in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 2006, and after more than a decade of development, the Chinese-American cobalt industry has been able to complete the spatial layout of the Ministry of Luang, resource security in Africa, manufacturing bases in the states, and markets around the world. It has developed its own mineral capital, with new cobalt materials at its core, supported by copper and nickel products, and deep processing and processing of new materials.
As of 2019, the company had a capacity of 39,000 tons of metals, of which more than 50 per cent were derived from tetraoxydioxin and the remainder from cobalt sulphate, cobalt oxide, cobalt carbonate, electricity and cobalt, with a capacity of 100,000 tons for copper and 20,000 tons for pre-trivalent production.
Figure 1: Corporate development history Main business structure of companies: in the first half of 2019, the company ' s revenues were mainly derived from cobalt products, copper products, triad drivers, trade and others, with cobalt products accounting for 34 per cent of the business, a decrease of 39 percentage points from the same year, mainly due to the cost of cobalt from its own sources
Continued decline since the second half of 2018, resulting in a contraction in revenues from cobalt products, and in Maori, copper products contribute to a large Maori equity control structure: the company's two major shareholders are Dasan Private Holdings Ltd. and Zhejiang China Friends Holding Group Ltd. The real controller, Xie Wei-Tung and Chinese Friends Investment Real Control, Chen Xuehua, are the company's founders and co-actors.
All pledge data show a total of 367 million shares, or 34.06% of the company’s total stock stock. There are six third-tier subsidiaries. mikas and cdm are mainly engaged in mineral development and mineral marketing.
The State of Energy produces and sells products such as cobalt, nickel, copper products, tri-dollar orthodoxy, and companies such as China's imports and exports, Hong Kong and Singapore are mainly involved in the marketing and trading of corporate products.The company performance: company annual reports show that in 2018 the company earned $14.45 billion, an increase of 49.7 per cent.
The sales volume of the main business grew on a year-on-year basis, especially nickel, by 673.7 per cent, and Trinity, by 57.39 per cent. The return to the mother ' s net profit of $1.53 billion, or 19.38 per cent less. The decrease in net profits was mainly due to a rapid fall in the prices of cobalt products in the fourth quarter of the country, while companies needed a certain period of time from raw materials to finished products, resulting in a fall in prices.
Losses in the price of raw materials and unsold products affected the company’s profits throughout the year. Data reported by the company in mid-2019 showed that $9.1 billion had been collected in the first half of the year, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period, and net profit for mothers, with an average cost of $278,000 per ton of cobalt, which was 55 per cent lower than the value of $619,000 per ton in the first half of 2018.
A 22 percentage point rise and a significant increase in the profitability of copper products.2 Industry analysis: the marginal improvement in supply and demand patterns, a view of the long-term trend in cobalt prices, a high concentration of cobalt resources, and mineral giants with pricing rights
According to the United States Geological Survey (usgs), the global cobalt deposits in 2018 amounted to 6.9 million metric tons, of which the largest country was the Democratic Republic of the Congo, accounting for 49 per cent, the second was Australia, with 1.2 million tons, accounting for 17.4 per cent, and the third was Cuba, with 500,000 tons, or 7.2 per cent, of the country's cobalt reserves, which were poor and only 80,000 tons, representing only a share.
The mineral giants have absolute pricing rights. The global pricing benchmark for the cobalt market is the offshore mb offer: the offshore metal cobalt traders offer a spot offer. The global cobalt market of about 120,000 tons is about 30% or more of the metal cobalt, of which about 80% is locked in a long list, the spot trade is less than 10,000 tons, and the bulk of the merchandise will be made less.
In the hands of a small number of mineral giants, such as Carreau, friendly metals, Sheret, and Eurasia, the country’s largest metal-cobalt production is large-scale export capacity, but most of it is in the form of long single lock prices, which have limited impact on the mb offer. At the same time, many mines are equipped with their own smelters, and the ore is not traded in the market, and it turns out that by doing so, they are removed.
Cobalt ore used by smelters, with the remaining tradable ores on the market accounting for about half of the total supply of cobalt ore, and the availability of pavilion cobalt ore, which accounts for more than 50 per cent of tradable ore, has, without doubt, absolute pricing rights over the global price of cobalt.According to the published data, its control of cobalt ore deposits is 1.6 million tons, representing up to 24 per cent of the global stock.
Enterprises that control the global cobalt deposit as a share of the first four, cr4 = 45 per cent. 2.2 The world ' s largest cobalt-rich mountain production ceased production or substantially contracted supply.
The second largest cobalt producer in the world, Loyang molybdenum, is expected to fall by about 6.7% in 2019. The fall in cobalt prices has also led to a decline in local miners from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The largest cobalt-producing mine in the world is the Marble Mutanda mine, which produced 273,000 tons of cobalt metal in 2018, or about 20% of the global production. According to the mid-2019 report, companies have a lower price of cobalt than is feasible for profit.
Production guidelines for 2019-2021 for the lower katanga (kcc mine) have led to a significant contraction in supply.
The mine incremental projects that are required include kcc under the flag of excellence, rtr of Euro-Asian resources, etoile under the flag of Chemaf, and deziwa under the flag of the China-China group, and other parts of the production capacity that are released by the Chinese iron resources and the Maungbao mine. In accordance with the production guidelines of the semi-annual report in 2019, and taking into account the cut-off of the mutanda mine from 2020 to 2021, we expect cobalt for 2019 to 2021.
2.3 The demand for power cells is growing steadily and high, with digital electronic consumption awaiting reheating. From downstream cobalt, cobalt products are mainly used in lithium batteries, high-temperature alloys, hard alloys, catalysts, ceramics, etc.
Cost-type electronics and power cells. 3c e-consumptions are low and a 5g switch is expected. As the market for 3c consumer electronics is saturated, the volume of exports slows down, and 3c e-consumptions, represented by smartphones, have weakened since 2018, resulting in lower consumption of cobalt downstream.
According to idc data, the global amount of smartphones arriving in 2018 was 1.4 billion, a 4.8% decrease in comparison, and expected to remain low in 2019. By the end of 2019, 5g will be gradually entering the commercial phase, and consumption of 5g will accelerate over the next two years as commercialization progresses.
New-energy cars are growing, and the power cell demand for cobalt is rising. According to the Medium- and Long-Term Development Plan for the Automobile Industry, our new-energy cars will be sold at 2 million vehicles per year by 2020, compared to our new capacity in 2018.
At the global level, countries are also competing to issue a time-out for fuel cars, and the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles will gradually increase, and by 2021, new energy vehicles will consume cobalt metal.
430,000 tons, an increase of 150 per cent over 17,000 tons in 2018. Cobalt is one of the main alloys for high-temperature alloys, with cobalt in iron and nickel-based high-temperature alloys of around 10 to 20 per cent, especially nickel-based high-temperature alloys widely used for gas turbine heat components.
Cobalt in hard alloys is mainly used in products such as hard alloys, hard-surface materials and hard alloy blends, and the current cobalt content of the hard alloy models is roughly between 6 and 12 per cent, with a wide range of downstream uses that are closely related to macroeconomics such as the vehicle industry, real estate, and exploration and mining. Overall, the demand for cobalt metals in alloys is stable.
Growth has been limited, and we expect an average annual increase of less than 2 per cent in cobalt consumption over the next three years in the alloys sector.By steady growth in 3c batteries and high growth in power cells, demand and supply patterns for the year 2019-2021 may be reversed in 2021, depending on the long-term recovery of cobalt prices.
Low dollar/tonne prices, loss and deterioration of profits faced by almost all cobalt mines, smelters and downstream 3c fields, where demand has declined owing to shrinking smartphone consumption, have resulted in a smaller increase in demand for cobalt than in the supply of cobalt, with the entire industry in the destocking phase from the second half of 2018 to the first half of 2019, awaiting delays or shutdowns in the expansion or additional capacity.
With the advent of a 5g mobile phone switch, which will pull the demand for cobalt from the digital 3c battery, and with the steady increase in the number of power cells, the demand for cobalt from the three-dollar battery will increase gradually, while supply and demand patterns are expected to gradually reverse with the announcement of the closure of the world's largest motunda cobalt mountain and the downward revision of production guidelines, and a cobalt supply gap will emerge by 2021 to promote cobalt.
Analysis by 3 companies: creating closed chains of upper, middle and downstream industries ... Forming industrialized competitive advantages 3.1 Upstream mineral resource layout: construction of raw material cost advantages and security of supply
Controlled p527 mine rights, through the Kambove tailings and shonkole mines controlled by mikas subsidiary, have locked in 69,000 tons of cobalt and 617,000 tons of copper. The company has acquired 14.65 per cent of the shares of the nzc company. The company holds 85 per cent of the interests of the Congolese company kalongweminingsa, and the initial reserves of the kalongwe project are 6.98mt.
Copper 3.03 per cent, cobalt 0.36 per cent, including 2150,000 tons of copper resources and 251,000 tons of cobalt; decades of steady and low-cost mining channels maintained by the company cdm for more than 10 years in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; and Congo.