28/08/2019: In recent days, Silver and Thai resources released mid-2019, the company achieved 2.52 billion yuan in operating income in the first half of 2019, an increase of 20.63 per cent in comparison with the previous year; and the mother-in-law became part of the family.
The net profit of the shareholders of the Silver and Thai Resources Division (000975.sz) was 438 million yuan, an increase of 60.65 per cent over the same period; the basic per share gain was 0.2237 yuan, an increase of 62.69 per cent over the same year; the volume of gold products increased by an equal amount, to be known as silver and gold. During the first half of 2019, it was affected by the volatility of the international situation and the rising downward pressure on the global economy.
The average spot price of gold amounted to $287.7/g, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period, and the principal gold-producing carrier under the company's flag — Galacticta, Gilling Temple and Qinghai Tsai — sold 3.27 tons of gold, an increase of 26 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profit of $449 million was achieved, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period in the previous year. As gold-selection operations grew gradually, the securities were changed from “Singhai resources” to “Singhai gold”.
\triangleright expects gold plate business potential to continue to be released. During the reporting period, the company’s subsidiary, Qinghai Big Chaidan, was officially launched on 26 April 2019, contributing 0.4 tons of gold to the company and currently producing 2,500 tons of gold per day: work is expected to be completed at the end of 2019 to expand production capacity in the East An gold mine.
The programme for resource development and utilization of Li Li (1200 tonnes/day) has also been reviewed and adopted by the China Gold Association; all pre-review documents for the expansion of the Jilin Temple production capacity to 800,000 tonnes/year have been completed and submitted to the relevant authorities for approval. As of the end of the present report, the stock of resources held in Jilin Temple was 6,4.25 million tonnes of ore and 27.25 tonnes of gold; 39,038 tonnes of ore and 17.27 tonnes of gold metal within the Qinghai Zaijian mining rights; and the right to prospecting in Qinghai Chai (including ongoing transfer)
Gold prices are still on the up-to-date cycle. The current downward pressure on the global economics is increasing, the economy of the world’s largest economy, the United States, is still declining, and the Fed continues to reduce interest rates.
The period of \triangleright is also increasing, adding to the increased uncertainty of the international trading environment and increased market risk avoidance. We believe that the current cycle of gold rises is not over, and that it still looks forward to the follow-up of gold prices.
Risk factors: price fluctuations for precious metals; lower-than-expected completion of the construction of the big rigs; and less than expected construction of the underground mining process on the beach.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Joao Wang, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages. In 2017, he joined the Sunda Securities Corporation and began research in the non-ferrous metals industry in 2019.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.