Silver-Thai Resources (000975) Gold-based operations, promotion to gold-new sharps, silver-Thai resources (000975).
The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which achieved operating income of 2,528 million yuan, an increase of 20.63 per cent over the same period; the net profit of 438 million yuan, an increase of 60.65 per cent over the same period; and the eps 0.22. At the same time, the company announced that it intended to change the short title of the stock to “Gin Thai gold”.
Gold operations were released as a major contribution to performance 32.52 per cent of the combined Māori rate of 2019h1, an increase of 4.84 pct over the same period. The increase in Māori was mainly due to the gold business. Māori rates increased significantly (+8 pct to 67.02 per cent). RMB 931 million (+67 per cent) of the revenues of 2019h1 alloys were received.
The rebirth began on 26th and contributed to 0.4t sales. A small decrease in financial costs (0.43%), management costs (4.33%) led to an overall decline in the three-fee rate.
\triangleright is renewed for two years, with a fixed period of one year. 45 persons are covered, including 11 senior directors, 34 core cadres, and the Stakeholder Scheme helps to reconcile the interests of the core staff with those of the company and to motivate the staff.
The current interest-reduction cycle in the United States, where the tips are approaching negative areas, supports the gold price up, while, from a risk perspective, some national exchange rates are under much downward pressure and multiple countries enter negative interest rates to support the gold's configuration value. We reiterate that
Short-term shocks, with a long-term view of keeping up-to-date. Domestic gold prices are expected to remain above $300/g/year, gold operations have contributed more than 70% of their performance, taking into account the impact of the rebirth of the Great Chaidan, and gold production is expected to outpace the 7th year: Xue Shayang, Research Assistant.
More than twice. Compared to Shandong gold in 2019, p76 times, and Central gold, p89 times (all consistent expectations), production in the Great Zaydan mine is below expectations; prices for lead and zinc products have continued to decline significantly.
2. Silver and Thai resources (000975). Production and marketing operations are becoming increasingly operational.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, are engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting industry association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and the conclusion is not subject to any third party approval or influence.