2019q2 performance advance: higher gold prices add more woody wood, silver resources (000975.sz) recovery drives high growth and maintains a “recommended” rating
The company issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2019, and it expects to pay $420-45 million in net profits to the shareholders of the listed company in the first half of 2019, a year-on-year increase.
(i) The rise in gold prices and the performance of Qinghai Qinghai Qingqian Imaging Company, Oh Jianxiu, as a result of the increase in the volume of the gold business, the net profits of the company increased significantly over the same period.
In the meantime, the Federal Reserve was forced by increased uncertainty about the prospects for economic development in the United States to suspend interest hikes and release interest-reduction signals, raising international gold prices in 2019 from $1285 per ounce at the beginning of the year to $141.2.5 per ounce at the end of June, and domestic gold prices from $288.3 per gram.
316.85/g. The average price of gold in the first half of the 2019s was $289.59/g with an average of 53.05 tons of gold and an average grade of 4.12 g/t) was put into production in April, resulting in an increase in the company ' s gold production compared to the same period last year, with the total projected year 2019 in the Qinghai Great Zaydan Mountains.
The increase in gold prices, combined with the release of mineral gold production, and the significant releases that drive the company’s performance. (ii) The Federal Reserve is expected to increase its interest rate reduction, resulting in an increase in the price of good gold.
The uncertain economic outlook for the United States has led to a steady rise in gold prices since the beginning of the year. In his latest Congressional testimony, Federal Reserve Chairman Powell said that the economic outlook for the United States had not improved since the Federal Reserve’s inaugural meeting in June, and that there had been uncertainty about trade tensions.
Qualitative and global economic slowdown concerns have put pressure on the US economic outlook, denying that changes in non-farm employment data in June could reduce interest rates. At the same time, inflation is likely to be weaker than currently expected.
The expectation of interest rises again, according to cme, the Fed's probability of reducing interest rates in July is 100%, and the probability of reducing interest rates three times at the end of December is again the mainstream of market expectations, stifling the real rate of return on US national debt and the dollar index to support the rise in the price of gold.
Six months of interest cuts in the United States will enter a new monetary easing cycle, and the medium- and long-term profitability of gold prices (iii) the employee holding scheme to stimulate and expand prospecting will strengthen the basis for the company’s future growth.
The total number of employees participating in the holding scheme is 45, of whom 11 are directors, supervisors, senior managers, and 34 are core cadres. The locking-up period is one year and lasts two years. The holding scheme establishes corporate performance and core staff.
By the end of 2018, all the wells have been laid down, except for the main well tower, where the other wells have been installed, and are in tune.
By the end of the year, mining capacity will have been achieved, along with the expansion of the Tung An gold mine, with a processing capacity of 1,200 tons per day, with the advantage of the high-quality mine on the Black River, and the company ' s performance and Māori rate are expected to be further enhanced. In 2018, Jilin Temple Ko has completed the completion of the tailings and high-capacity expansion project and 800,000 tons per year, pending the completion of the underground development work and the selection of the mines.
There will be an increase in capacity of 7 percentage points to 800,000 tons/year, with a gradual increase in the grade of the minerals to be exported. There will be four prospecting rights in the Yulong mine, which will cover 41.11 square kilometres of exploration, a total of 1818 tons of silver metal in 2018, part of the amount of resources in the prospecting area which has not been evaluated and which will increase in the future.
There are nine gold mine prospecting certificates in Gyota, Jilin Temple and Qinghai Great Chaidan, which cover approximately 260 square kilometres of exploration.
The company’s strategic layout is clear. The company’s mineral production is expected to continue to grow in the coming years.