Silver-Thai Resources (000975), which boosts gold, silver-Team Resources, the company's main precious metals and non-ferrous metals, and minerals.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2019. The company achieved operating income of 2,528 million yuan in the first half of 2019, invested in resources and owned the largest single-body silver stock in the country, increased by 20.6 per cent compared to the previous year; achieved a non-net profit of 437 million yuan from the parent deduction, an increase of 67.7 per cent from the same year;
The largest silver polymetal mine. The company covers mainly the mineral deposits of the company. The main business is based on five subsidiaries: to 2019h1 company resources, Toonan gold mine, Gilling board of the Heilong River Black Rock Mining Company.
The amounts are 97.59 tons of gold metal, 6595 tons of silver metal, 534.5 million tons of lead metal, 7748 million tons of zinc metal from the gold and gold mines of the Temple Mining Company and the Great Zaydan Beach of the Green Sea.
The main trading subsidiary of the Division, the main mining operations subsidiary, is the Silver Tae Seong Hong. Of these, the Black River gold mine is the company’s highest gold-grade gold mine, with a gold-selection rating of 19.9g/t.
▪ The two-tier gold-for-profit business pillar, the lead and zinc-for-business net profit margin: the gold business received $931 million (+31.2 per cent), accounting for 74.9 per cent of the company's gross mineral revenue, and benefited mainly from the company's sales of the same period +25.3 per cent (to 3.27 tons).
Tons, which together contribute net profits of 378 million, account for 86.5 per cent of the company ' s total net profits. Moreover, while the company received 280 million yuan (+43 per cent) in the lead-mining lead and zinc silver mine, the fall in the price of lead zinc and the fall in the grade of ore resulted in higher production costs for the plant unit, resulting in net profits - 6.2 per cent to 0.84 million yuan.
• There is a follow-up increase in the company’s business: gold mining operations, Qinghai Big Chaidan, were produced in April this year. An open-air sub-drilling of Dong An-Thai, a division of the Black River, will be completed by the end of the year, with production capacity expanded to 1,200 tons per day, from alloys to 99.99% of the standard gold silhouettes.
The expansion of production to 800,000 tonnes/year, with an additional 0.3 tonnes of gold resource reserves. In addition, the Yulong Mining Production System is expected to receive and evaluate in October this year, and plans are under way to adapt the recoverable copper extraction production system, with an initial design of 1400 tonnes/day, which will lead to a further increase in production.
The continuation of premiums and exchange-rate premiums and the consistency and continuity of central bank purchases, with gold prices still running, with annual gold prices falling by $1,600. Given that corporate gold accounts for the sum of mining operations, we also have confidence in the company’s long-term development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to achieve operating income in 2019-2021, respectively.
The source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the silver and silver resources (000975).
East Hing's Stock Exchange Review, Silver Spring Resources (000975).
Eung Heung's Stock Exchange Review, Silver and Thai Resources (000975).
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invests in the business of Sky-Eyed Real Estate.
Researching in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Nine years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Executive Officer of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; and as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Copper in Multimedia: Three prizes from the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange for the marketing of soybean futures, and Sino-Kin shares for the marketing of soybeans. Author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, specifically recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.