The profits were suppressed and the operation remained steady until the “two new triads” (600031.sh) event: on 23 April, the company published its annual report for 2021. In 2021, the company became operational.
10,873 million yuan, an increase of 6.82 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to the mother is 12,033 billion yuan; trends in the engineering and machinery industry have changed, and companies still lead the way in selling the dominant product, with the city holding the share.
In 2021, the company ' s overall operating income showed a trend of up to and down, with a sustained and significant increase in its share of domestic market sales in association with engineering; and the sales of concrete machinery, with a total market share of over 40%.
The cumulative sales of excavators declined considerably in the first quarter of the year, and we believe that the company’s performance in the first quarter can be combined with the industry’s sales, but that the company’s vanguard of engineering machinery remains unshakeable. The fourth quarter has seen a decline in profits, with the rise in raw materials and freight costs stifling profits, and the overall business remains robust.
In 2021, the company achieved a net return profit of 1,233 million yuan, a decline of 22.04 per cent from the previous year, a negative quarterly profit in the first quarter of the year, or a decline in the sale of excavators in the fourth quarter.
By region, the Māori rate for overseas plates is almost the same as in the previous year. We believe that the cost-end increases due to the rise in raw materials and freight costs, and the inevitable tightening of marginal sales in the engineering and machinery industry, will compress the profit margin of the company’s products.
The Ministry of Industry’s loan overhang rate is kept at historically low levels, and overall operations remain robust. The relative depth of 300 performances continues to push for the transformation of research and development results, and the “two new triads” strategy accelerates the pace of transformation.
During the year, the company invested $6.509 billion in R & D, an increase of 30.4 per cent over the same year, as a proportion of operating income, and with sustained and substantial R & D investment, the R & D portfolio doubled in 2021, launching 186 new items such as the world's largest mounted cranes, new energy blenders, and the number of scientific and technological achievements.
During the reporting period, companies achieved 24,846 million yuan in international sales revenue, 76.2% more than in the same period, and international projects were stepped up in a comprehensive manner, focusing on mainstream markets in Europe and the United States, and increasing the coverage of multi-market mains. Companies insisted on long-termism and increased research and development inputs for new products and technologies.
A comprehensive push for smartness, electric power, internationalization, and our confidence in the future will yield positive results. Investment proposals: Given the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, the current industry landscape, and the company’s profitability, we expect that corporate performance will continue to grow steadily.
1. [Galaxy] Company appraising _ trio-team (600031.sh) Vision layout “triple dualization” strategy for digital transformation for productive energy release, we anticipate performance growth in line with expectations, internationalization & re-research for a solid future
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Master of Arts, University of Law and Technology, Japan. Bachelor of Science, Harbin Industrial University. Joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.