\triangleright 23/04/04/2022
11 consecutive years of combined sales champions, the share of the excavator market has continued to rise significantly, reaching 100,000 closure points, leading the world for the second year in a row; 2) concrete machinery: 26,670 million yuan, yoy-1.4 per cent gross, Yoy+12.6 per cent gross, Māori rate of 19.6 per cent, yoy-2.1pct, the share of the company ' s car crane market continues to be maintained
Up and out of 31 per cent, the market share of large- and medium-sized mounted cranes continued to rise, with the overall market share exceeding 40 per cent, standing at the top of the country; 4) industrial machinery: $5.41 billion, yoy + 68.6 per cent, Māori rate 20.8 per cent, lubricant burden, with a combined cost rate of 24.7 per cent for the period in addition to the decline in Māori rate, and 8.3 pct more than the figure.
It's an increase in R&D costs by 3.8 pct, an increase in sales costs by 2.6 pct, an increase in R&D costs related to digitization and electricization, and an increase in sales costs related to an increase in agency support.
The reasons for the higher decline are: 1) weak demand in the industry; 2) may be related to an increase in the share of small-scale digs. : steady growth in performance, accelerated expansion of overseas markets, digitalization, electric motorization, and internationalization. In 2021, the company promoted the construction of 22 lighthouse plants.
A cumulative number of 14 lighthouse plants have been completed, with 70 per cent increase in capacity, 50 per cent reduction in manufacturing cycles, and a significant increase in overall automation, and the Beijing plant was successfully elected to the World Economic Forum in September 2021.
The new edition of the global list of lighthouses in the manufacturing sector became the first certified lighthouse plant in the world ' s heavy industry. In 2021, the company ' s electric engineering vehicle product was sold in thousands, with nearly $1 billion in sales, and the market share was the highest in the industry. In 2021, internationalization was positive, with companies achieving an international sales revenue of 248.46.
Billions of dollars, representing a significant increase of 76.16 per cent, excluding the sum of $19.22 billion in international sales revenues from Putsmeister, to draw conclusions on methodological and analytical logic, to produce the present report independently and objectively, and to be responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.