Performance short-term pressure, as well as company digitalization + electricization + long-term development of internationalization Events: 1) company annual report 2021, with revenue of $106,873 million a year, compared to 3) company ' s draft employee holding plan for 2022, for which total participation was not positive
Over 6996 persons, with a combined total of no more than 20.5 million shares and no more than $485 million; the main reasons for the decline in performance were: 1) the base was too high in the first quarter of last year, with the net profit return being the highest in the history of the quarter; 2) the epidemic was repeated, resulting in the sale of both start-up and engineering machinery.
The decline in total equity/flow (millions of shares); 3) the continued increase in the volume of overseas sales by companies and the increase in international freight costs; and 4) the total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Research and development investment has continued to increase, reaching 7.02 per cent in the first quarter of q1, with a massive drop in construction projects and a strong expectation of a steady upturn in real estate, requiring a three-pronged engineering effort (600031) to strengthen R & D inputs.
Intelligentization, electricization, internationalization strategies Digitalization, electricization, internationalization and long-term competitiveness of companies. 1) Digitalization: In 2021, companies advanced the construction of 22 lighthouses, bringing together 14 lighthouses.
Three heavy jobs (600031). 2021q1 continues to be productive, with 70 per cent increase in capacity, 50 per cent reduction in manufacturing cycle, significant increase in overall automation of the process.
(ii) Electricization: full-scale propulsion of engineering vehicles, excavating machines, loading machines, lifting periods, etc. - 2021/04/16 Machinery, 2021, completion of development of 34 electrical products, listing of electric power
3x1 (600031) " More input product 20 " , which covers pure electricity, power switching, hydrogen fuel 3 major technological routes. 2021 " R & D and digital transformation, full upgrade of company.
A major breakthrough was achieved in the sale of electric mixers, electric dumps, electric cranes, and annual competitiveness.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 109%; international revenue as a share of operating income of 23.4%; 9.2 pct, an increase over the same period.
The scheme is to buy and buy stocks. The workforce, key positions, core operations (technical) personnel, totals no more than 6,996, totals no more than 20.5 million shares and no more than $485 million.
Performance short-term pressure, looking for company digitization + electricization + long-term development of internationalization Performance short-term pressure, looking for company digitization + electric + long-term development Performance short-term pressure, looking for company digitization + electric + long-term development of internationalization
In the financial sector, eight years of work have been done, including Robot Trends. Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering machinery and automobiles.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty. Wangxi, a Master’s degree from Shanghai Transport University, was a former member of the Federation of Nations, a dollar bond, and in October 2021, a member of the Pacific Stock Exchange, was well placed to combine the industry and explore investment opportunities from the bottom up.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.