Actively promoting digitalization and automating the transformation of electric products, with a breakthrough in 3 1x1 job (600031) 2021 report, event: 3x1 worker 2021 report, company business income of 106,873 million yuan in 2021,
A net profit of $10,291 million from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies is lower than in the same year
In 2021, 22 lighthouse plants were advanced, with a cumulative total of 14 lighthouse plants completed with a 70% increase in capacity, a 50% reduction in the manufacturing cycle, and a significant increase in overall automation of the process. The three-pronged construction of the Beijing plant was successfully launched.
The World Economics Forum launched a new edition of the global list of lighthouse plants in the manufacturing sector, which became the first certified lighthouse plant in the world's heavy industry. In 2021, companies made a major breakthrough in the sale of electric blenders, electric dumps, electric cranes, and won annual sales championships.
Firm internationalization strategies to accelerate internationalization of products. In 2021, the corporate internationalization strategy made positive progress, with 24,846 million dollars abroad (excluding the Patesmeister revenues of 19.22 billion).
In keeping with the strategy of “me, home business, service front” and with its firm approach to internationalization, the development of overseas market channels, service capacity-building, and service-equipment systems have all made considerable progress. In 2021, companies significantly increased their international R & D capacity to build up some 800 international R & D.
Teams set up overseas R & D centres in the United States, Germany, and India, with comprehensive international projects to build an iron triangle model for sales, services, and R & D. In 2021, international products were marketed for 68 items, bringing together the main markets in Joo-Emerica, and multi-market host-type coverage increased.
Investment proposal: maintain a “recommended” rating. The company is one of the leading engineering companies in the country, promoting digitalization and automation, while firmly pursuing an internationalization strategy that will effectively support public spending in the event of a slowdown in the issuance of specific debt or a reduction in the number of downstream projects.
Fewer, the demand for corporate products is weaker; (3) a reduction in demand for domestic enterprise products in overseas markets will result in pressure on corporate performance; and (4) a significant rise in raw material prices will expose company performance to a depth of 300 indexes, the reference point for the “market index” of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.