On August 21, 2019, the master of the crystal silicon growth device opened a photovoltaic and semiconductive map. The company is our crystal.
Silicon growth equipment taps, the main products of which include fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casts, fully automated silicon polishers, sapphire crystals, etc., which are used mainly in solar photovoltaics, collections of S03405180001
The company’s talent, technology, and a strong team of technology R & D and management, with professorships, PhDs, masters, and a focus on R & D inputs, accounted for 7.2% of the revenue in 2018.
Areas such as photovoltaic, semiconductor, and sapphire materials include high-quality enterprises such as Central Rings, Crystals, Crystals, Shanghais, Crystals, and Middle Rings. The first half of the year 2019 was a short period of pressure, but with the expansion of downstream firms, there was a significant increase in corporate orders and future performance elasticity periods.
A single-voltane silicon silicon output expands and single-crystal furnaces are in high demand. The price of single-crystal batteries is high, downstream demand is high, and single-crystal battery markets are expected to rise from 45% in 2018 to 73% in 2025.
In four quarters, single-crystal cell output has expanded faster than single-crystal silicon, with tight supply and a strong price. Against this background, silicone producers have expanded the capacity of single-crystal silicon production, thereby stimulating demand for single-crystal stoves and improving corporate performance.
China’s semiconductor equipment industry is growing rapidly, with China’s mainland semiconductor equipment sales being second only to South Korea in 2018, making it the second largest part of the world’s semiconductor equipment sales. Silicon chips are an important material for making semiconductor chips.
Twelve inches has become the mainstream of the industry; however, the domestic semiconductor silicon is still concentrated in small sizes, large sizes, silicon is still not produced, and import dependence is still high. With China’s third semiconductor industry shift and strong government support for the semiconductor industry, China’s mainland crystallized life
The construction of the production line is expected to usher in a new wave of developments. This wave is mainly based on a 12-inch crystal mill, which, if landed, will significantly boost the demand for semiconductor equipment.
One crystal silicon grower master, who opens a photovoltaic, semiconductor map of 1.1, and the crystal silicon grower returns.
Founded in December 2006 and successfully landed on the business board in May 2012, the company has now become a leading company in the development of my national crystalline silicon growing equipment. There are 11 subsidiaries of the company, three R & D centres, one of which is an overseas R & D centre, the provincial priority research institute with an industrial orientation of 4.0, the Provincial Institute of Crystal Equipment, postdoctoral workstations, etc.
The company focuses on R&D inputs, new products, and builds good brand visibility among high-end clients in the photovoltaic, semiconductor industries, and maintains good relations with downstream customers such as Central Ring shares, Crystal, and Crystal Australia. The benefits of downstream expansion include a significant increase in the number of company orders, and a promising period of growth in future performance.
The company's main business products include fully automated monocrystal silicon growth furnaces, regional melt silicon monocrystal furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, cutters, 8-12 inches double-face grinders, optical single-crystal silicon grinding composite processors, sapphire crystals, smart logistics systems and imes software: products are mainly used for solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, led, industrial 4.0 etc.
Emerging industries. In the field of photovoltaics, the company has become a leading equipment company in both equipment technology and size; in the semiconductor field, it has gained a leading position in semiconductor material equipment; in the area of sapphire, it has become more cost-competitive and has gradually taken a scale advantage; and in industry, in the area of 4.0, it provides intelligent chemicals for the semiconductor industry, the photovoltaic industry and the led industry.
The plant solution meets the client's demand for the production technology of “networked + intelligent manufacturing” “machine-to-man.” Figure 1: Chrysotile power development history map The shareholders in the company hold shares in Shao Jingxing's Investment Management Consulting Company Ltd., holding 48.3% of the company's shares.
Ms. Xu, Mr. Cao Jianwei and Ms. Xiu Min-soo's children together held 59.1 per cent of Xiao Jinxin's investment, and Ms. Xiu Min-soo and Mr. Cao Jian-wei were the company's de facto controllers and co-operators.
The Academy ' s special allowance has been awarded a number of national and provincial ministerial awards; it has been a member of the Technical Committee for Hydraulic Movement and Control of the Third China Society of Mechanical Engineering and a member of the Technical Committee for the Fifth National Hydraulic Gas Standardization. Mr. Cao has been Chairman of the Corporation since December 2016 and has also served as Director of the Research and Development Centre, Doctor of Industrial Sciences and one of its founders;
In-depth research has been carried out in the fields of electromechanical control, hydraulic transmission, and control, and has received numerous scientific awards and honours. The company has a technology research and development and management team with professorships, doctorals, masters, single-crystals and multi-crystals, which have been rated as new products of national priority.
More than 300 national patents, covering two major national science and technology-related topics, are now in industrial production and sales 1.2 photovoltaic and semiconductor equipment dominates, with a large volume of thin hair in the area of led. The company ' s products are widely used in the areas of semiconductors, photovoltaics, led lighting and industry 4.0.
Semiconductor areas: Mainly include fully automated semiconductor single-crystal silicon cutters, fully automated semiconductor single-crystal silicon grinder, full-crystal silicon grinder, semiconductor single-crystal silicon grinder, full-crystal growth furnaces, area-melted silicon single-crystal furnaces, etc. The company ' s new semiconductor equipment orders in 2018 exceeded $500 million, a significant increase.
New products such as fully automated silicone polishers, double-face grinders, etc. are also gaining market recognition. Companies are further improving the supply capacity of semiconductor key assistive materials, consumables, and semiconductor fine parts.
White, the product has grown steadily in size in the country’s large semiconductor supply chain of silicon millers. The company is promoting a growing level of domestic production of semiconductor silicon end equipment, making it a semiconductor material-equipment leader.
In this case, the full-automatic single-crystal silicon growth furnace was rated by the Ministry of Technology as the third single-manufacturing champion, with the highest rate in the country. At the same time, the company developed and sold transistors, photovoltaic batteries, and smart equipment related to the component chain, and became the country’s first stacker to produce gw-grade shipments.
In 2018, the company signed a new optical equipment order of more than $2.6 billion. The company formed a complete industrial layout from crystal-reforming to crystal-material processing, batteries, and core components.
Lines, 2-6 inches of sapphire polishing, etc.. The company has laid out the key components of sapphire material production and grinding, leading international technology for the growth of super-sized 300 kg, 450 kg-class sapphire crystals, and sapphire material operations that are more cost-competitive and are gradually becoming larger.
(a) Industry area 4.0: products include, inter alia, photovoltaic-grade automatic silicon bar testing lines, multi-crystal silicon block processing automation production lines, smart logistics distribution systems, smart plant management systems, production information memes software management systems, etc.;
In 2018, the company ' s crystalline silicon growing equipment accounted for 76.5 per cent of the total, and it dominated the company ' s operations; its Māori rate was 43.6 per cent, an increase of 2.2 percentage points from the same year, and far ahead of other operations. Leed ' s smart equipment was 10.9 per cent, Māori was 37.9 per cent, and Māori was 4.9 percentage points from the same year. Sapphire materials accounted for 4.9 per cent.
1.3 Focus on research and development (R & D), with significant talent and technological advantages. The company has three provincial technology research and development centres, one provincial enterprise institute and one provincial priority institute.
The Department ' s establishment of a post-doctoral post-workstation in Zhejiang province has effectively contributed to the development and exchange of high-level talent in enterprises, with a strong team of technology R & D and management with professorships, doctoral degrees and masters at its core, and a highly specialized, applied and executed team of skilled workers with deep knowledge of crystalline silicon.
The company’s chairman, Dr. Cao Jianwei, was elected to the fourth National Plan for the People, while Dr. Cao Jianwei and the company’s deputy director and chief engineer, Dr. Fullin, were elected to the first Plan for the People in Zhejiang province, and Dr. Tao was elected to the fourth National Plan for the People.
In 2018, the company implemented a new round of equity incentives, granting a total of 4.28 billion restricted shares to technical and business cadres, covering more than 10 per cent of the total workforce, fully mobilizing the workforce and providing human resources for sustainable development.
In 2018, the company, the All-Automated Single Crystal Silicon Grower, won the third single manufacturing champion product of the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the single crystal silicon grinder composite processing machine, the Zhejiang province ' s first prize for new and excellent industrial products (new technologies) and the Zhejiang province 's second prize for technological progress, the multi-crystal silicon silicon furnace 's branded product, "Improving the quality of the large body product"
In 2018, the company won the first prize for the results of the activities of the qc group of excellence in Shae Heng City. The company also won the "Ten Top Units of the National Semiconductor Equipment Industry" in mid-2017, "Ten Top Units of the Chinese Electronic Specialized Equipment Industry" in 2017, "50 Growing Character Enterprises in Zhejiang Province" and the 9th Tianma Award, "The Best Board",
The public sector’s visibility and reputation have increased further, with companies continuously increasing their investment in R & D, which cost 180 million yuan in 2018, and R & D at the expense of revenue.
The share is 7.2 per cent, and R & D has remained high in recent years. As of 31 December 2018, companies and subsidiaries had been granted 331 patents, 52 of which were inventions, and 501 R & D personnel, 24 per cent of the total number of companies.
The company's products are technologically upgraded rapidly, and new products are being developed. The two projects, “Key technologies and applications for large-scale semiconductor-class silicon monocrystal growth equipment”, “Automated Full-Accurate Collapse Devices for Efficient Solar Components”, have been identified through new products of science and technology, jointly organized by the China Electronics Industry Association and the China Electronic Materials Industry Association.
In 2018, the company successfully launched a semiconductor-class single crystal silicone roller, a single crystal silicon cutter, a full automatic silicon silicon polisher, a double-faced silicon polisher.
Inches of carbonated silicone crystal growth furnaces help to expand the market layout of companies in the third generation of semiconductor equipment. 1.4 Clients are highly resourceful and benefit from downstream expansion, with a significant increase in corporate orders. Corporate clients cover areas such as photovoltaics, semiconductors and sapphire materials, including Chinese ring shares, crystals, crystals, etc.
As at 31 March 2019, the company had failed to complete a total of $2.54 billion, of which the amount of the contract for the entire shipment.
Of this amount, $560 million (the above amounts include value added tax) has been outstanding for semiconductor equipment.
The contract for the single-manufacturer is $550 million, delivered on a monthly basis from the date of signing, and the above-signed contract equipment is now on a better order by the end of December this year. In production management, the company organizes the production process in scientific terms by means of lean production. For the core parts of the product, the production is mainly done using the company ' s own plant, equipment, and for the more mature ordinary department.
In addition, the company has optimized the supplier system since this year, strengthening the supplier’s product standards and supply capacity to ensure a higher standard of supply in the future.
During 2014-2018, the company ' s performance remained high, with both income and net return profits constantly being innovative, with a compound increase of 79.3 per cent; net return profits increased at a rate of 72.3 per cent; in the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved $570 million, an increase of 0.4 per cent compared with the increase of 0.4 per cent; and the return net profit of $130 million, a decrease of 6.7 per cent compared with the decline in the downward glimmers.
The impact of the “531” new deal in industry has slowed corporate performance; with the opening of a new round of expansion of businesses in the current photovoltaic industry, the volume of corporate orders has increased significantly, and future performance is likely to return to high growth rates.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company ' s Māori rate was 33.7 per cent, a decrease of 5.7 percentage points in the same year; there was a decrease in the net turnover rate. In 2018, net cash flows from business activities rose significantly by 170 million yuan; and in the first quarter of 2019, net cash flows from business activities were -80 million yuan, a negative but still negative increase of $70 million in the same year.
In the first half of the year, we experienced a decrease of more than 50% in the number of new light-voltage installed machines, mainly due to the late introduction of the light-voltage policy in 2019, and the industry was looking forward in the first half of the year. Until May 2019, the National Energy Authority issued a report.
The circular on matters related to the construction of wind power and photovoltaic power projects in 2019 identified a total of 3 billion yuan per year, of which 750 million yuan was spent on photovoltaics in households and 2.250 billion yuan in ground power stations and industrial distributions. In a well-defined context, the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries expects to increase the amount of light voltage installed throughout the year by 40-45gw, corresponding to the new year in the second half of the year.
Adder 28.6-33.6gw, which is more than double the number of rings in the first half of the year, is expected to be released in the second half of the year in the context of our downstream loading needs, and is expected to support the atmosphere of the upstream manufacturing process.
Single-crystal cell conversion is more efficient than multi-crystal batteries. In the context of the adjustment of subsidies under the “531” policy in 2018, and the near-termization of affordable Internet access, the reduction of efficiency has become an urgent need for the photovoltaic industry. Single-crystal batteries, especially efficient monocrystal perc batteries, have become more efficient, less costly, and increasingly economical.
With regard to conversion efficiency, the average conversion efficiency for percp single crystal batteries is currently 21.8 per cent, an increase of 1.3 percentage points over 2016: and this conversion efficiency is higher than for all types of p multi-crystal batteries. Although the conversion efficiency for single-crystal batteries is higher than for single-crystal batteries, they are more expensive and cost less than for single-crystal batteries of p.
The cost of single-crystal batteries has decreased significantly, and the price difference with multi-crystal batteries has narrowed. In the past, multi-crystal batteries had a significant cost advantage, but as technology progressed, the cost of single-crystal batteries had a relative value-added advantage. First, the cost of single-crystal batteries has benefited from a reduction in the cost of single-crystal silicon.
At the same time, the high rate of loss for single crystals due to the speed with which they are cut, which is lower than the rate of multiple crystals, has led to a significant increase in the efficiency of single crystal silicone and a rapid drop in the unit cost of single crystal silicone. In the case of Lungi shares, for example, the cost of single crystal silicon silicon was reduced from $6.69 in 2012 to $2.6 in 2018.
The cost of non-silicon, which fell from 5.12 yuan per piece in 2012 to less than one dollar per piece in 2018, and the cost of silicon, which fell from 76 per cent in 2012 to less than 30 per cent in 2018, indicates that companies are constantly improving their technology in monosilicon, driving costs down. With Lungi ' s share in the monosilic silicon market in 2018 reaching 40 per cent.
In addition to the decline in the cost of single crystal silicon, the downside of the non-silicon cost of the battery also drives down the cost of single crystal battery. The fall in costs reduces the price differential between single crystal and multicrystal batteries, leading to an increase in the demand for single crystal battery.
Solarzoom data show that, at the end of April 2013, the price difference between single-crystal batteries (156mm*156mm) and multi-crystal batteries (156mm*156mm) was $0.08/watt, and by March 2019, the difference was just $0.01/watt, with a marked trend towards reduction. Thus, single-crystal batteries were converted efficiently, at lower cost and at different prices for multi-crystal batteries.
Downsizing, resulting in a strong value for money advantage and stimulating downstream demand. Figure 20: Price differentials between single crystals and multi-crystal batteries are reduced. Figure 19: Loneheaded stock single crystal silicon cost 2013-2018
Continued decline (modes, %) 2.2 end of battery plate supply: increased profitability of single crystal batteries in recent years, competition for increased production by manufacturers, increased profitability of single crystal batteries in recent years, strong willingness of manufacturers to invest in increased production, and faster capacity
In the case of single-crystal battery production, for example, single-crystal silicon cell production in 2016 is only twice as high as 9gw. According to the company ' s capacity plan, the company ' s single-crystal cell production is expected to increase by 8gw to 17gw by 2019. And the rapid expansion of capacity is based on the continued increase in the profitability of company-based monocrysil cell products, Māori.
The rate rose from 15.62% in 2016 to 18.8% in 2018; instead, the Māori rate for multi-crystal silicon cells increased from 2016, and the productivity of single-crystal cells in the industry increased. For example, the East Sun is projected to double to around 5gw in 2019, and Yunyang is expected to increase the capacity of single-crystal perc batteries in 2019.
4.5 to 11gw; Aio, Crystal Australia, etc., are also expected to increase significantly the production capacity of single crystal perc battery in 2019. cpia is high and exceeds the ratio of multicrystal silicon: correspondingly, the market share of future single crystal battery will gradually increase over multicrystal cell 2.3 monocrysilic silicon silicon demand, with manufacturers expanding production successively and stimulating the demand for monocrystal furnaces.
Since the fourth quarter of 2018, single crystal cell capacity has grown faster than single crystal silicone capacity, leading to tight supply of single crystal silicone and rising prices. Pvinforlink expects that the domestic production of single crystals in 2019q4 will be greater than the production capacity of single crystal silicone, that the supply and demand of single crystal silicone will continue, and that the price of single silicone will remain strong.
Pvinfolink data, on 7 August 2019, the price of monocrylic silicon - 180 μm increased by 2.3% compared to the end of 2018. In a context of falling prices in other segments of the industrial chain, the monocrysil silicon has maintained good profitability, and the monocrysil silicon millers have actively expanded their capacity.
Lungi shares are expected to reach 36gw and 45gw in 2019 and 2020, respectively, and the expansion of single crystal silicon capacity will increase the demand for single crystallized long-crystal furnaces. From the expansion of the main customers of crystallizer power, the company is expected to face 1.8 billion yuan, 3.4 billion yuan and 3.6 billion dollars in single-crystal market in 2019-2021.
Euros. Downstream single crystal silicon millers, Lungi shares, Central Ring shares, etc., have been growing, and since the owner of the single silicon plant shares is to be supplied by Dalian City, the company works well with China Ring shares, crystal energy, onboard control, from which we control the monocrysilica expansion plan for the next three years.
Based on company announcements and official networks, we expect the combined production capacity of single crystal silicon tablets to be 42gw, 63gw and 85.5gw, respectively, for 2019-2021, corresponding to the additional capacity of 11.5gw, 21gw, platform: assuming 1.6 million dollars per single crystal furnace, the total size of the single crystal market for the three manufacturers in 2019-2021 corresponds to the size of the single crystal market.
For $6.72 billion, $10.8 billion and $13.68 billion, the market size of the new market is 1.840 billion, $3.36 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively, 1.6556 billion, 3.024 billion and $3.24 billion. It should be noted that the company's single-crystal customers are more than three, and the company's photovoltaic equipment products are not limited to single-crystals, so the forecast is for the company's main customers.
Given the concentration of downstream light-voltage requirements in the second half of the year, the construction of the project is expected to start in September, when the supply of components, batteries, etc. will start.
The price of single crystal perc batteries has fallen significantly in the face of oversupply, with prices falling by more than 20% since June. We believe that, with the construction cycle of downstream aircraft starting in September, the demand for single crystal perc batteries will increase, with the supply and demand situation improving, supporting the demand for single crystal silicon and single crystal furnaces.
In addition, in the long run, the demand for single crystal silicon and single crystal furnaces is supported in the long run by the limited scope for falling multi-crystal battery costs and prices, the fall in single-crystal perc battery prices will impact directly on multi-crystal batteries, and the market share of multicrystal batteries will gradually be eroded by single-crystal batteries.
The process of domestication of 3 semiconductor equipment is accelerating, and the industry is gaining new opportunities 3.1 China ' s semiconductor equipment market is rapidly developing. China ' s semiconductor equipment industry is rapidly developing, benefiting mainly from the high demand for domestic storage chips and high product prices
In the future, with rapid developments in new and emerging downstream areas such as the Internet, smart cars, ai, and vr, the semiconductor sector is on the rise. Currently, China is at a critical stage in its countercyclical investment in semiconductor equipment, with strong domestic investment and strong support from national policies, the domestic semiconductor equipment market is expected to expand in reverse.
In 2018, the sales of semiconductor equipment in mainland China amounted to $13.11 billion, an increase of 59.3 per cent over the same year; mainland China outperformed Taiwan, followed only by South Korea, and became the second largest region in the world in the sale of semiconductor equipment. World sales of semiconductor equipment amounted to $64.53 billion in 2018, an increase of 14.0 per cent over the same period.
The world’s semiconductor industry is shifting to the mainland, and China’s continent is gaining momentum. Semiconductor equipment is the upstream equipment of the integrated circuit, and silicon is the basic material of the integrated circuit, manufactured in the chip.
The semiconductor equipment industry is a strategic and emerging sector in the country, and in recent years the country has put in place a number of major policies to support the development of the semiconductor equipment industry. In 2014, the National Integrated Circuit Industry Development Promotion Programme was launched.
With an average annual growth rate of more than 20%, by 2030 the main links in the integrated circuit industry chain have reached international sophistication, with a group of firms entering the first international echelon to cross development. Currently, the national integrated circuit industry investment fund 2014.09-2018.05 has been fully invested and total investment has been made.
The second phase of the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry, which is about 200 billion yuan in size, has been completed. Silicon is expected to grow rapidly as a result of a growing demand for crystallized silicon-growing equipment, supported by the Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, which is the most advanced policy potential beneficiary of the industry.
3.2 Large-sized silicon silicon is in high demand and national production is expected to accelerate. The single crystal of silicon is a crystal with a basically complete point array structure, with different directions of a different nature, and is a good semiconductor.
More than 9999999% (11 “9”) can be used in semiconductor areas. Single crystal silicon can be made from a high purity of multicrystal silicon in a single crystal furnace, which is used as an important semiconductor material in PV conversion and in traditional semiconductor devices.
Silicon chips, also known as crystal circle, are the basic material for the manufacture of semiconductor chips, typically single crystal silicon slices. Silicon chips are used to make high-power currenters, high-power transistors, diodes, switches, etc., whose follow-up products are integrated circuits and semiconductors, which are widely applied in various fields.
In semiconductor manufacturing, silicon chips of various sizes and specifications are widely used, usually including 3 inches, 4 inches, 6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches (300 mm), and have now been developed to 18 inches (450 mm). The more diameter, the more integrated circuit chips that can be produced through a process cycle on a silicon, the more the cost of each chip is.
So, the smaller the diameter silicon is the direction in which the silicon-making technologies are developed, but the larger the silicon size, the higher the demand for microelectronics, materials and technology. At present, 12 inches are the mainstream of the industry, with 12 inches of silicon making up 68.9 per cent of global output in 2018.
The demand for 12 inches of silicon is expected to be around 71.2% by 2021. Our semiconductor silicon market is still in the early stages of development, and domestic producers are still at a disadvantage in terms of technology and size compared to Japan’s developed countries.
As much as 69.2%; 8 inches of silicon have made a breakthrough in recent years, amounting to 25.7%; but 12 inches of silicon have yet to produce a large scale, and import dependence remains high. The global semiconductor silicon market is concentrated in a few large enterprises.
The combined market share of silicon silicon is 96.9 per cent in the world, with high concentration in the industry and high technical barriers. Figure 30: China ' s semiconductor silicon market in 2017 (%)
Faced with challenges such as shortage of silicon, dependence on imports, and growth in demand, China has vigorously promoted the national silicon project. With China’s third semiconductor sector shift and the Government’s strong support for the semiconductor sector, China’s continental crystalline production line has ushered in a new wave of development.
According to Semi, from 2017 to 2020, a total of 62 semiconductor crystal circle plants will be in operation globally, and about 26 new ones will be built in mainland China, or up to 42%. This wave of plants will be dominated by 12 inches of crystal circle plants, which, if located, will significantly boost the demand for semiconductor equipment.
The company is the flagship of our crystalline silicon growing equipment, whose main products include fully automated monocrystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, 8-12 inches of double-face mills, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face grinders, sapphire crystals, etc. The owner of the product is to be applied to new industries such as solar photovoltaics, integrated circuits, led, industrial 4.0. In 2018, the company's crystalline silicon grew.
There are 11 subsidiaries of the company, three R & D centers, one of them offshore R & D centers, provincial priority institutes with an industrial orientation of 4.0, provincial crystal equipment institutes, postdoctoral jobs.
Research platforms such as stations. The company values R & D inputs, which accounted for 7.2% of revenue in 2018.
A single-voltage crystal silicone output expands and single-crystal stoves are in high demand. The price of single-crystal batteries is high, downstream demand is high, and single-crystal battery markets are expected to rise from 45% in 2018 to 73% in 2025. At the same time, single-crystal batteries have previously increased their profitability and boosted the willingness of manufacturers to expand their production, and single-crystal cell production has expanded faster than single-crystal silicon since last four quarters.
In this context, silicon producers have expanded their monocrystal silicon production to meet downstream demand, thereby stimulating demand for single-crystal furnaces, which is conducive to growing corporate performance. The demand for large silicon tablets is strong, and the production of semiconductor equipment is expected to accelerate.
Materials, 12 inches, have become the dominant industry; however, the domestic semiconductor silicon is still concentrated in small sizes, large silicon sizes are still not present, and dependence on imports remains high. With China’s third semiconductor industry shift and strong government support for the semiconductor industry, China’s continental crystalline construction is expected to usher in a new wave of developments.
The company is the core supplier of semi-conductor silicon equipment, leading the chain of shares, deep binding of large customers, and is expected to continue to increase in future orders, with single-crysilica producers expanding below the expected risk:
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is not subject to the issuance of securities in the company's relevant business sector.
I assure you of my commitment to the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.