The Viagra is growing, the semiconductor is ready, the country's sole-crystal-header is growing. The industry is expanding to a new cycle. The company has the largest share of the domestic market, with 90% of the country's high-end market share, and customers are picking up.
After the last round of single-crystal expansion in the first half of 2016-2018, the company entered a low order. However, the new round of expansion has already started to heat up, with 25gw announced this year by the Central Ring, the Crystal, and the plane.
25gw, 5gw have been expanded, exceeding the previous round of expansion. The company is now ordering 2,535 million light-voltage demand resonances, single crystal trends continue to pervade the country, the “531” new deal has been repaired, domestic loading is guaranteed, and future domestic years are projected.
On the overseas side, as a result of a major decline in the price of components due to the new deal, some parts of the overseas region have already achieved parity and demand has erupted. In anticipation of a resonance of future domestic and external loading needs, global loading continues to be high.
Efficient components continue to be the main conduit for future reductions in electricity costs, and crystals will continue to replace multiple crystals as a result of more efficient conversion and better compatible technologies. Companies will continue to be exposed to crystals power as a single-crystal provider.
The semiconductor breeds great opportunities, the business starts to value or upgrade China’s semiconductor trade deficit, and the demand for import substitution is significant. The company has now developed 12 inches of semiconductor monocrystals and 8 inches of molten furnaces to fill the technological gap in the country.
In the second half of the year, the ring leads the second tender, the research phase, and the crystal II project are expected to be launched. We expect that, as the domestic semiconductor-level industry moves towards investment, single-crystal equipment will also be available.
The share of semiconductor business is expected to grow, and the value of semiconductor business is expected to rise. The valuation is expected to rise further.
Period: Prices of raw materials have risen significantly. 1. Preliminaries of semiconductor equipment, King of Photovoltaic Single Crystal furnaces. 1.1 Profile of Company: Rich Products and Technology Lead
Founded in 2006 and developed over more than a decade, Zhejiang Crystal Gesellschaftsprüfer Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Crystal Power”) is now a leading enterprise in the country for crystalline silicon growing equipment. The business is currently in four areas: photovoltaic, semiconductor, led lighting, and industrial 4.0. The main products include crystal silicon.
Growing equipment, smart processing equipment, and sapphire materials should be used in emerging industries with better market prospects. The company was listed in May 2012, with the first-ever share of the domestic market being a photovoltaic single-crystal furnace, and the “all-automatic monocrysilica grower” was selected for the third batch of manufacturing champions recommended by the Ministry of Industry and Communications. In 2018, the company was ranked half-guided in China.
Companies produce a lot of products and are technologically ahead of them. Companies produce fully automated monocrystals, the first and only autonomous product in the country. At the same time, companies, as the only companies in the domestic industry to have two major topics of national science and technology in a row, have managed to break through foreign technology with semiconductor equipment - a tdr130a single-crystal, a silicon monocrystal furnace in the 8-inch zone.
In addition, the company is a member of the Working Group on National Semiconductor Lighting Standards and is involved in the drafting of national standards 7 and industry standards 3.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved $568 million in smart processing and sapphire materials, an increase of 0.4 per cent, and a net profit of $126 million, a decrease of 6.73 per cent.
Faced with the impact of the “531” New Deal, the Māori rate of corporate operations has remained stable in recent years, with the crystallization rate of 43.62 per cent for silicon growing equipment in 2018, an increase of 2.2 percentage points from 2017.
In 2006, by introducing technology for research and development at Zhejiang University, the company became the country’s first autonomous research and development company and was able to produce in bulk a fully automated monocrystal furnace with full intellectual property rights. After that, the company developed with the growth of the photovoltaic industry and gradually infiltrated the semiconductor from photovoltaic equipment, and introduced the sapphire business.
The company acquired 51 per cent of the manufacturers of high-end equipment for PV in 2015 and actively developed semiconductor industries in 2017, co-investing in the formation of a medium ring lead conductor material company, in conjunction with the China Ring and the Tinless Industry Development Group.
In terms of the structure of the corporate development history, Shao Jingxin Investment Management Consulting Ltd. is the controlling shareholder of the company, and its actual control is vested in Ms. Qiu Min Soo and Mr. Cao Jianwei, as well as Ms. Qiu and Mr. Cao Jian Wai.
To the activists, two persons together owned the company ' s controlling shareholders, Xiao Jingxiang Investment Management Consulting Co. Ltd., and twice in 2018 introduced equity incentive schemes that awarded a total of 2.54 million shares and 3.35 million shares to the target audience. The company has 11 subsidiaries, of which six are high-technology enterprises and three are software enterprises.
The company's two major national science and technology topics, “Employing 300 mm silicon single-crystal growth equipment” and “Development of national production equipment for silicon silicon single-crystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone”, are now in the process of industrial production and marketing.
High growth has been maintained in 2013-2018, with the combined annual growth rates of operating income and net return profits, respectively, and the company ' s combined Māori ratio, which has remained stable, with periods of cost and accounts receivable working days stable in recent years, and improved corporate operating cash flows in 2018.
Photovoltaics: Resonance of demand at home and in the interior, a new cycle of industrial expansion: 2.1 photovoltaic growth in the second half of the year and a low order level in the second half of the year. Global photovoltaic growth has been rapid in the last decade. According to data from the European Solar Energy Industry Association, Global 2008-2018
With the growth of the photovoltaic industry, the company’s photovoltaic monocrystal operations have been growing at a rapid rate, and the annual increase in domestic loadings in 2013-2018 has made up for the lack of external capacity, until the high foreign market in 2018.
The global photovoltaic industry is now concentrated in China. After years of intense market competition, as well as the impact of national policies, the global photovoltaic industry is now concentrated in China.
At this stage of rapid industrial development, companies have benefited significantly from serving domestic customers and protecting the industry.
The company is a leading company in the country, with 90% of the country's high-end market share, with more than 500 clients, and covers almost all the first-line silicon producers in the country, including the Central Ring, Crystal, Lungi, Paulie, etc.
There are outstanding contracts totalling $2,535 million, of which the semiconductor equipment contract of $558 million has not been completed and is available on hand orders to meet the company ' s production tasks throughout the year.
According to the company's quarterly report, in the first quarter of 2019, the company failed to complete the PV contract period, and in the second half of 2018, the company was hit by a PV downside, or was mainly affected by the PV 531 New Deal. The New Deal “531” prevented industrial overheating by controlling the size of the rigs and reducing electricity subsidies, which also caused the industry to overheating.
In the second half of 2018, the demand for domestic fittings subsided, with some manufacturers even down or out of production, and the industry as a whole was in a state of expectation, causing companies to run down on orders. 2.2 The “531” New Deal has pushed prices forward, with overseas loads breaking out first.
As a result, industry heads have become more concentrated, and the price of products has fallen sharply, pushing domestic parity to a critical point, while the sea is off the edge.
Subregions have been able to access the Internet at par, thus directly stimulating the need for overseas loading in the fourth quarter of 2018. It is expected that, after the “531” New Deal, parity Internet access will lead to an even more rapid push for an increase in the volume of new installed global photovoltaics, thus creating a more pressing need for upstream equipment.
Figure 14 Prices of photovoltaic components (in United States dollars/watts) dosed electricity costs as the core indicator of the photovoltaic industry, and the early realization of side-priced access to electricity is the industry’s original purpose. Reductions in electricity costs generally depend on three factors, one on cost, the other on the number of hours used, and the third on the high price of electricity in the region.
Low case. For a given area, the use of hours and coal-fired electricity prices are relatively fixed in a solution to the problem, thus making the cost of the system more important. Thus, assuming information on the PPV project invested, coal-fired poles would be worth 0.42 yuan/kwh, the following can be measured.
According to estimates, when using 1,200 hours, system costs reach 3.7 yuan/watts, with an internal rate of return of 8 per cent, which will basically achieve a side price parity for power generation. At the same time, with the introduction of the “531” New Deal, which has resulted in a significant reduction of domestic photovoltage prices by more than 30 per cent, system prices are now approximately $4.5/w, and parity Internet access is approaching.
For most parts of the country, electricity prices are higher than domestic prices, so the sharp fall in the cost of the system has led to the emergence of overseas clothing, driven by price parity, and the opening of overseas markets. In 2018, the foreign photovoltaic market was a surprise, and in terms of loads, the annual load of new loads rose significantly from 45.4gw in 2017 to 60gw in 2018, an increase of 32.16 per cent:
Structurally, the concentration of photovoltaic components continued to decline in 2018, with products starting in the fourth quarter of the year in traditional markets such as India, Japan, and overseas markets under flowering, with the expected increase of global photovoltaic power capacity of 800gw in the coming years, reaching 1.3tw, with annual installed capacity of 128gw,
144gw, 158gw, 169gw, 180gw. With optimism, Spe predicts that by the end of 2023 the world-wide photovoltaic capacity may rise to 1610gw. Companies are expected to benefit significantly from the continuation of the global photovoltaic industry at 2.3 light-voltage New Deal, which has been restored and will be installed in the country.
Despite the fact that the domestic photovoltaic industry is on the eve of price parity, a certain amount of subsidies is still needed to support a smooth transition. After the “531” policy, the industry has now been rehabilitated.
Explicit subsidies will continue until 2022, and the 13th Five-Year Plan is expected to rise to 250-270gw. In January 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Agency issued a circular on the active promotion of wind power and photovoltaic flat prices; and in April 2019, the National Energy Agency issued a competitive subsidy mechanism, with the market expected to maintain a new domestic light-volt loader in 2019.
40-45gw, which is expected to achieve parity in 2022. As parity access approaches, future domestic loadings are estimated to average approximately 47.94gw per year in the future. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2018, the total electricity consumption in the country was 68,449 kWh, an increase of 8.5%.
Data from agencies predicting a total of 10 trillion kWh of electricity consumption in 2030. At the same time, it is assumed that the future load of conventional water, electricity, fire, nuclear power will increase by 3%, 0%, 10%, electricity, electricity, fire, nuclear power, wind power, wind power, wind power, wind power in the country a year, and light voltage amounted to 500gw and 750gw per year on average.
Not to mention 26.31gw, 47.94gw, which is expected to generate only half of the total by 2030.
2.4 Single crystals continue to permeate, and when the new cycle of expansion is right, the company benefits from the rise of single crystals.
The total volume of goods delivered was 46gw, or about 48.5%, a larger increase than in 2017, when 31.1%. And, according to the pvlink data, the future monochrystal replacement continues, with a projected 67% share of monocrystal products by 2021.
The company’s leading downstream companies, Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, etc., are now expanding. Lungi’s shares have released the latest production plan, reaching 36gw at the end of 2019, 50gw at the end of 2020, and 65gw at the end of 2021.
In 2019, crystal energy was expanded to produce 25 gw single crystal silicon tablets, with a total capacity planning exceeding 40 gw. According to pvinfolink, in 2019, the silicon chain would be expanded to 36gw; by the end of 2019, the total capacity of silicon tablets in the country was expected to be approximately 185gw, while at the end of 2019, the total capacity of silicon tablets in the country was estimated to be approximately 185 gw.
In 2018, the effective production capacity was 146.4gw. Central ring and crystals were important clients of the company, assuming that the company received 90 per cent of the Central Ring order of 25gw and 75 per cent of the Crystal 25gw, assuming that the average annual production per single crystal furnace was about 10mw, and that equipment such as cutters, grinders, etc. amounted to 600 million.
Million yuan/gw, calculated to be approximately $10.9 billion in the next 2-3 years for company photovoltaic orders. 3. Semiconductor: the trend towards national production substitution has increased, industry has created great opportunities, 3.1 demand has grown in deficit, and domestic production semiconductor winds or availability have increased.
The semiconductor industry has become an important factor in revitalizing the nation and promoting the transformation of the national economy with the introduction of a strategy for the creation of powerful countries. However, the industry now has a highly monopolistic pattern of competition, especially semiconductor equipment, which is now dominated mainly by foreign manufacturers. In 2018, the top five semiconductor equipment manufacturers in the world accounted for 65% of the market share.
Global markets have also experienced demand surges in recent years, hovering at around $300 billion until 2016. Figure 26: Imports and exports of integrated circuits in China for calendar years (in billions of dollars) Figure 25: Global, Chinese semiconductor sales (in billions of dollars)
In recent years, Chinese semiconductor sales have been increasing at a rate higher than the global average, showing the country’s strong industrial demand. At the same time, the huge deficit indicates that China’s semiconductor industry is clearly short.
This compares with an increase of 19.98%, or 14.6%, in total imports; the deficit in the import and export of integrated circuits amounts to $22.742 billion, and the gap continues to widen. In the current context of trade friction between China and the United States, China and China continue to ferment, and it is expected that China’s semiconductor industry will accelerate its development and achieve early product autonomy.
Figure 27: Global semiconductor equipment sales, domestic semiconductor industry. The reason for this is, on the one hand, the strong support of national policies. In June 2014, the State Department launched the National Integrated Circuit Industry Development Promotion Program, which blew up the chip industry’s pursuit of advanced international standards.
In September of the same year, the National Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry was officially established. At present, the total amount of investment in the first tranche of the Fund is 13,87 billion yuan, 15.6 per cent more than the original plan of 120 billion dollars, and 23 public investment companies, while generating new companies of around 200 billion. In May 2019, the Chinese Ministry of Finance announced the design and softening of profitable integrated circuits.
Businesses are exempt from corporate income tax for the first two years and halve their income tax for the third to fifth years.
Five from China, with nine new crystal-crystal plants in 2019 the largest year since 2007. With the rise of investment in the domestic semi-carrier industry, the demand for equipment has increased significantly.
The import substitution process in China has accelerated, and the equipment will double to 9 billion yuan between 2018 and 2020. 3.2 Technology is the king and has achieved the autonomousization of large-scale monocrystal furnaces.
The firm’s deep-farming industry has developed its first fully automatic straight-line monosilicon grower in the country for many years, as early as 2004, breaking the pattern of high-end monosilicon-breed long-crystal equipment that foreign firms monopolize.
In 2011, the company undertook a major national science and technology project entitled “The development of a large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and a suite of processes” and is now in the process of marketing its production on a scale scale.
The technological advances in the semiconductor industry are in two ways, the smaller the process and the larger the diameter of the silicon. The future trend in silicon is in large sizes, from large silicons that can increase the number of chips on the crystal circle, thus effectively amplifying the cost of production. At the same time, the larger the diameter of silicon, for technology.
At present, the global mainstream silicon fragments are 12 inches in diameter (300 mm), and the market is long occupied by foreign manufacturers. Only individual manufacturers in the country have made breakthroughs at 6-8 inches, relying almost entirely on the entrance to the silicon silicon blades. For large silicons to be nationalized, the first thing to be developed is a high-quality semiconductor monocrystal furnace.
Figure 32: Semiconductor large silicon tablets are a future trend, and the company has successfully developed 12 inches of semiconductor monocrystals and 8 inches of furnaces. The company is technology-oriented, has two R & D bases in Hangzhou, upstate, and has established overseas R & D centres in Japan. The company owns three provincial technology R & D centres.
At the end of 2018, the company had been granted State patents on 331 items, including 52 patents for inventions and 99 copyrights for State software.
The development of silicon monocrystal growth equipment” and the development of the “national production equipment for silicon monocrystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone” ... are now in the industrial production and marketing phase. Thus, the company is currently one of only a few domestic manufacturers of 12-inch semiconductor single-crylic furnaces and 8-inch furnaces.
Figure 34: Global market and development projections for silicon at different scales, Figure 35: Results of corporate semiconductor research and development of the global market for silicon at different scales and projections for development
(millions of square inches, semi)
According to the American semiconductor industry association, the global semiconductor industry sold $468.8 billion in 2018, while semiconductor equipment sold about $64.5 billion, or a percentage.
About 13.76% of semiconductor equipment, about 80% of the equipment purchased for crystal circle plants, about 8% for detection equipment, about 7% for containment equipment, and about 5% for other items such as silicon plants. Global silicon plant equipment can be estimated at around $3.2 billion in space.
Crystal equipment, which accounts for about 25% of silicone equipment, can be estimated at the global average annual semiconductor single-crystal sales value of 3.3 deep-banded central ring shares, deep-dip silicon silicon development arrows on the string, and launch of the national production silicon silicon project.
Low, often highly monopolistic, deep binding. Even with strong domestic import substitution needs, but with new entrants, downstream customers are also required to adjust the error, both to help the company develop semiconductor equipment and to facilitate the expansion of the market for semiconductor equipment.
In October 2017, the company-owned ring and the joint venture of the non-Turkish municipality created a limited division of medium-ring semiconductor materials for the production and manufacture of large silicon tablets with a total investment of $3 billion in integrated circuits.
About $1.5 billion, with 8 inches of silicon and 12 inches of silicon and 600,000 pieces of silicon per month, is expected to reach the target of 8 inches of silicon entering the first three and 12 inches of the world into the first five. In October 2018, the company won the winning bid for $403 million in equipment orders.
The Department's semiconductor contract is $558 million, and the company's semiconductor is beginning to produce results. Looking ahead, the current point is the starting point for the development of large silicon national production.
It is proposed to raise $5 billion to expand the 8-12 inch silicon silicon project, which will build 750,000 8 inches per month and 150,000 12 inches per month. We expect the company semiconductor-level products to be close to turning point at this stage. Assuming that single stoves are close to 0.8 million pieces, they will be available.
The order is expected to be about $1,125 million over the next three years, assuming that the medium ring monocrystal is supplied entirely by the company. The semiconductor business is similar to, and should be developed at the present time, the company’s photovoltage monocrystals benefit from the rapid development of the industry.
Starting point. The domestic semiconductor industry, in the context of demand-resilient shortboards, may be expected to have a higher profile, with orders received in the first quarter of the year amounting to $558 million, while the firm ' s deep binding of the middle ring forms a better product model and its future ingenuity in product testing and expansion, so that the company is expected to have a better chance of doing so in the domestic semiconductor industry.
The country’s large silicone industry is experiencing a boom in investment. Currently, the suppliers of domestic silicon are concentrated mainly on supplying silicon tablets up to 8 inches, while the 12-inch crystal is almost entirely imported, and the domestic production of 12 inches of silicon per month is about 50,000.
The supply gap for semiconductor silicone crystals reduces dependence on imports, the country is actively investing in 8 and 12 inches of silicone production, and a number of major projects are under way, mostly locking in 12 inches of silicone crystals. According to research by the Institute of Cycology, there are currently up to 20 Silicon 12-inch projects announced, with a total investment of more than 140 billion, 12-inch silicone master plans.
By 2023, a total of more than 6.5 million units would have been produced per month. A semiconductor monocrystal would have cost about 20 billion yuan, assuming that all would have been nationalized, with a price of 8 million yuan per inch and 12 million yuan per inch, respectively.
Sapphire materials are growing steadily and the future consumer market is expected to bring space. Sapphire crystals, a single crystal of aluminium oxide, are characterized by high hardness, grindability, high temperature stability, etc., and are one of the most important upstream raw materials in the PV industry, and are now widely applied to led, consumer electronics, instrumentation, etc.
In 2013 and 2014, the company set up crystals and crystals to produce and process crystals, and in 2015 the company acquired 51% of the photovoltaic shares of the manufacturer of led equipment for $138 million. The company's technology was the first to successfully develop a 450-kilogram class super-sized sapphire crystals company in the world.
Lower village demand. Led liner applications account for more than 80% of the sapphire demand, according to publicly available information. Led applications continue to grow in size, benefiting mainly from global led penetration rates for ordinary lighting.
Billion dollars, a 12.5% increase in the same year. It is expected that, as the light penetration rate continues to rise, the future market size of the led market will continue to be trending, with companies producing the largest crystal in the world. In February 2018, the company-owned company, the crystal ring, successfully developed the world’s largest 450 kg class super-sized high-quality blisters.
The greater the size of the sapphire crystals, the higher the use of materials, the cheaper the cost of the product. The success of 450 kg of class crystals has enabled companies to become the leading international grower of the super-sized sapphire crystals and to move away from dependence on imports of the older large-sized sapphire materials.
Predictable unit costs of 450 kg of sapphire crystals can be reduced by 40%. Consumer electronics markets are vast. Sapphire applications are emerging in the consumption of electronics, and are now mainly used in small areas such as mobile phones, cameras, home keys, etc.
In the future, new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, 5g communications, auto technology, and ar/vr, will become commercial. According to EY, China’s capital expenditure on 5g will reach 1.5 trillion yuan in 2019-2025.
Amounted to $35.8 billion, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period; the compound annual growth rate was 38.0 per cent between 2018 and 2022. It is expected that in the future, consumer electronics will generate a greater demand as new technologies change, and sapphire materials will gain equity incentives to inspire confidence. In 2018, the company released its second restrictive stock incentive scheme, which is intended to be made available to company executives.
The 121 incentive recipients awarded 3.352 million restricted shares, or 0.34% of the total equity of the company, of which the performance test for restricted shares (80.3% of the current incentive) was based on 2017, which is worth hundreds of millions. We believe that the introduction of equity incentive programmes and the corresponding performance test requirements highlight the company’s relationship to middle- and middle-level managers.
A high level of confidence in the development of the period, coupled with benefit-sharing through equity incentives, stimulating core talent and corporate team struggles, and enabling companies to do a great deal.1 The photovoltaic industry is expanding, as company monocrystal products cover almost all front-line producers, according to the Central Ring,
Crystals were expanded to produce 25gw, with neutral presumptions that 90% of the orders were received for the central ring and 75% for the crystals. The company’s optical-voltage monocrystal plant was expected to collect 1.921/23 billion yuan in 2019-2021.2 Semiconductor-grade silicon silicons are ready to start, with the company producing 12 inches of large silicon semiconductor-class single-crystal furnaces, while being deeply tied.
The ring, signed with the Chinese ring in the third quarter of 2018, is $403 million. At the same time, in the first quarter of 2019, the central ring raised $5 billion to invest in large silicon tablets, and we expect the company's semiconductor operations to start at 2.5/60/80 million yuan for the next three and a half years.
In terms of industry comparable firms, companies have a clear competitive advantage over photovoltaic monocrystal furnaces, which will continue to benefit from industry expansion and monocrystal penetration in the future, while semiconductors, which are well-developed in technology, are likely to be associated with industry growth in the future, thus restoring photovoltaic success. The valuation is currently at the bottom, with an expected increase in the share of semiconductor operations in the future and company valuations.
23/16/13. The valuation could be further enhanced in view of the expected increase in the future share of corporate semiconductor operations. We see that (1) global macroeconomics are not as strong as they are expected to lead to insufficient support for photovoltaic development in countries; (2) domestic semiconductor industries are not as developed as they are expected:
(3) The prices of raw materials have risen significantly; The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts it.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.