The crystal-spiriting electron (300316) depth reports single-crystal energy expansion, semiconductor-state production of clouds, strongly recommended (first time)
Perc capacity expands faster than expected, and single crystal silicon supply continues to be strained: by the end of 2018, perc battery production had reached 73gw, and perc capacity is now expected to be close to 100gw, while currently single crystal silicone production capacity is only 63gw, which is severely inadequate. As a result, there was insufficient demand in the light market in the first half of the year.
Moreover, the price of single crystal silicon silicon continued to remain at around $3.1/w, while the price of multiple silicon silicon continued to decline over the same period, and the price differential for single-silicon silicon silicon silicon continued to grow to $1.23/w. The price of silicon material fell, the cost of efficiency enhancement of nonsilicon fell, and the excess gains of single crystal silicon plants were significant:
Silicon prices fell by more than 20% since the second half of 2018, with single crystal silicon silicon silicon prices falling by only 7%. The efficiency of single crystal silicon silicon straws is increasing, with industry leading companies all costing less than $1 per piece of nonsilicon, and single silicon has a Māori ratio of around 30%.
The excess yield of single crystal silicon is obvious in the light-voltage industrial chain, with multiple crystal silicon, silicon, battery, and assembly links. Supply should not be needed + excess returns, and single crystal silicon producers should start a new cycle of expansion: due to the inertia of perc manufacturers, many production lines are in the process of ordering or installing debugging, although the current battery plate is in the process of being decomposing.
Prices have declined, but battery production is expected to reach 130-140gw by the end of 2019, and only the Lungi 15gw production line will fully release capacity in the second half of the year, and the supply of single crystal silicon will continue until at least 2020.
New 5gw silicone production line, with a strong desire from downstream monocrysil silicon producers, opens a new cycle of expansion. The company’s monocrystal technology leads, monocrystal technology monopolizes almost all markets except Lungi, and the expansion benefits most from this round: 1gw monocrysil silicone equipment is currently invested in about $400 million, with a single-crystal furnace worth up to about $150-170 million.
At present, the single crystallized mill market, where crystal-single power technology leads, has reached 10mw per year for single furnaces, with the exception of Lungi, where almost all single-silicon millers purchase company products on a large scale, and where the largest downstream customers in the expansion cycle have entered into procurement contracts with the company, both ring, crystal and onboard, will continue to benefit.
The company has developed a large-sized crystallizer, which is a national alternative to the semiconductor industry: Building on its many years of experience in the development of single-crystal crystal furnaces, supported by a major national science and technology theme 02, it has launched a semiconductor large-sized crystallizer and roller, and has set up a central ring lead semiconductor with a joint venture in China.
Substituted by the national production of large semiconductor silicons, and in cooperation with a number of semiconductor companies, such as crystals and semiconductors, total investment amounts to about $150 billion, of which the market for long-crystal grinding equipment in the previous section can reach 45 billion. The investment in the same silicons is not as much as expected.
The Transistor Electric Volcano and Semiconductor Single Crystal Silicon Device (SDS) equipment tap, 1.1 Long Crystal Equipment Specialist, Zhejiang Crystal Steam Electric Co. Ltd. was established in December 2006 with the predecessor, Hmaxine Electric Engineering Co. Ltd., a high-end half-end company.
A high-technology enterprise that manufactures acetylene equipment and led-lined materials. Crystals are focused on the development and production of transistor silicon photovoltaic materials, semiconductor material preparation equipment, led and sapphire equipment and materials in the consumer electronics industry, relying on technology such as single-crysilica growing stoves, multi-crystal silicon casts, and product competitive advantages, as well as on the progressive upgrading of corporate ownership and market influence in the domestic market.
Through continuous autonomous technological innovation, continuous improvement of product quality and professional technical support services, progressive development as a leading supplier of domestic technology crystal growth equipment, good brand visibility in the solar photovoltaic and semiconductor industries, high reputation within the industry, and company branding in the field of sapphire materials. The company’s main clients are industry leaders.
Listed companies or state-owned enterprises, which have maintained strategic and cooperative relationships with companies for many years, have built strong partnerships with each other and have had a positive impact in terms of sales returns, defence against industry fluctuations, promotion of deeper and broader operations, and technical cooperation.
1.2 The corporate equity structure is stable, and the top management profession and the management of Xiao Jingxin's investment management consulting company holds a share of 48.34% of the crystal market power. It is the company's controlling shareholders, and its actual control is Xiu Myung Soo and Cao Xiang Wei. Cao Jian and Xiu Xiu, together with their co-actors, have 54.71% of the total control of the crystal market power.
A number of directors and executives represented by Min-soo have received science and technology awards in related areas such as machinery, photovoltaics or semiconductors, and have served in high-level positions in Krypsum or its subsidiaries for decades, with sufficient expertise and extensive work experience, to facilitate the development of sound business strategies for companies and to promote corporate development.
The crystallizer power structure and the status of the holding companies under the flag, 1.3 light-voltage and semiconductor operations and the competitiveness of the sapphire crystals are high in the production of crystal growth, processing equipment and sapphire materials by a leading, internationally advanced professional in the country.
The main products are fully automated single-crystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces, sapphire furnaces, regional silicon monocrystal furnaces, single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, multi-crystal silicon grinders, silicon silicon single-line cutters, silicon block cutters, silicon-line cutters, silicon cutters, silicone cutters, sappos, sapphire crystals, led device detection sorting equipment, led lamps automated production lines, etc.
The crystal-supplier power is based on a photovoltaic technology route that “improves the efficiency of photovoltaic conversion and reduces the cost of generating electricity,” and continues to achieve technological breakthroughs through research into high-efficiency single-crystal, high-efficiency multi-crystal casts. Successful water-cooled suites, continuous feeder devices, two-power independent control, and air-cooled cooling are developed.
A number of national and international innovations, such as fully automated semi-melt-efficient casting, have enabled silicon crystals to grow “all-automatic, high-performance, efficient, low-energy,” leading national and internationally advanced technologies. The full-automatic single-crystal series and the jsh800 gas-based multi-crystal product have been rated by each of the four ministries as new national priority products.
With the expansion of downstream producers in the PV market, the recognition of single-crystal technology routes and the continuous increase in market share, the company crystal growth equipment, in particular, is better sold in single-crystal silicon growing furnaces, with a significant increase in the number of products ordered and accepted during the reporting period.
1.3.2 In the area of semiconductors, crystals and electrons have successfully developed new products such as single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, fully automated silicon polishers, double-face grinders, etc., which have been enriched to create a national production advantage in the field of semiconductor silicon growth and processing equipment.
The Division's major national science and technology project “Equal large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing equipment and suites of processes” has entered the process of industrialization, both on the development of 300 mm silicon monocrystal straight-line growth equipment and on the development of national production equipment for silicon monocrystal furnaces in the 8-inch zone.
A fully automated semiconductor single crystal silicone grinder, a semiconductor single crystal silicone roller, and an automated semiconductor single silicone cutter.
1.3.3led/Sapphire field. Sapphire crystals, commonly known as max, with excellent optical performance, mechanical performance and chemical stability, with high intensity, high hardness, long-lasting brushes, can work under harsh conditions close to 2000°C temperature and are therefore widely applied to infrared military devices, high-intensity laser window material, half
The transistor electrical layout is a key link in the production and grinding of sapphire materials and has successfully mastered the international leading 300-kg-size, 450-kg-class sapphire crystallization technology, and the sapphire business is more cost-competitive and gradually has a scale advantage, investing in tinless integrated electricity.
The Rue Big Silicon Production Project, the company ' s leading international company, the ultra-large-size Sapphire Crystal Growth Technology Corporation, and its heavy-sized sapphire material handling, are not dependent on imports to meet the demand for materials in special applications to achieve a breakthrough in the country ' s new materials technology.
Changes in industrial business models will enter the industry's 4.0-years, smart production - to make production equipment intelligent through the application of information physics systems, to make factories “smart factories” with the objective of creating a production model for highly flexible, personalized and digital products and services.
At the same time, the company will continue to step up its research and development of automated production lines for monocrystal and multi-crystal silicon blocks, actively build industrial 4.0 smart plants, promote Internet intelligent manufacturing and production, and enable the company to successfully transform from an equipment supplier to an industrial-based smart transformation system based on industry 4.0
1.4 A steady growth in performance, with a high Māori ratio of 1.4.1 light-voltage and semiconductor operations leading to growth in corporate performance
The main reason for this increase is that the company's crystal growth equipment is especially better than the single crystal silicon growth furnace, with a significant increase in the same proportion of products that received orders and acceptances in 2017; the company's annual growth in the sale of photovoltage smart processing equipment and sapphire materials contributes better to the company; and the company's semiconductor has increased its orders for single crystal growth and related processing equipment.
The main reason is the increase in the receipt and inspection of photovoltaic equipment over the same period in the previous year and the faster growth in the sale of company semiconductor equipment, which has a positive impact on performance during the reporting period.
As can be seen from the Dupont analysis, net interest rates on sales fell in 2016 as a result of falling product prices, but benefited from rising equity multipliers and total asset turnover that did not lower net asset yields. Net interest rates on sales have now returned to the upward zone, and growth in net asset yields is sustainable as the industry recovers.
After 2016, both Māori and net interest rates for crystals are on the rise, and in comparable companies, Māori rates for crystals are at a preponderant level and remain at about 40%, reflecting the company’s continuing competitiveness.
Intelligent equipment, sapphire materials, photovoltaic smart equipment, etc., the Maori rate of the main operating crystalline silicon growing equipment is largely stable and guarantees the company ' s earnings.
Figure 14. Māori ratio of crystal-singer main-camp products (%)  crystalline silicon growing equipment led smart equipment
▪ Sapphire material 2 photovolt and semiconductor industries are on the rise for a 2.1 photovoltage recovery and increased single crystal demand
In 2018, our light voltage increased by 44gw, a 17 per cent decline in the same year, with a cumulative load of more than 174gw and a combined capacity of about 31 per cent decline in the same year and a distribution of about 20gw, a 5 per cent increase in the same year. The amount of light voltage amounted to about 180 billion kilowatt-hours, about 2.6 per cent of the country ' s total annual electricity generation, according to cpia, in 2019, the number of new light volts installed was estimated to be about 5 per cent.
Around 45gw, roughly the same as in 2018, continues to be the world’s top, with a cumulative load of more than 210gw expected to be the world’s top. Global markets suggest that, as the cost of photovoltaic power generation is already lower than the cost of geothermal power in Europe, the United States, Japan, Australia, India, etc., the global volume of photovoltaics continued to grow in 2018, reaching 110gw, and bnef expected to do so globally in 2019, despite a decline in domestic loads.
Figure 16. Cumulative capacity of our photovoltaic installed units (gw) 2.1.1 policy warming and increased support for the photovoltaic sector
In 2019, a series of intensive national policies were put in place to guide the development of the new energy sector, with a major shift in the photovoltaic sector. The “531” New Deal brought down the price of electricity, the downward adjustment of subsidies, which put my country’s photovoltaic market at a low point in time, the capacity of some firms could not adapt to the changing market environment that led to their eventual exit.
The transformation of development provides an opportunity for high-quality development. After a positive and ups and downs in 2018, and a clearer and more smoother guideline in 2019, parity + competition was the main tone of this year’s policy, with the April-May " Requirements for the Management of Photovoltaic Power Building (Application Draft)" "The Price Mechanism for Photovoltaic Power Networking"
The Circular on the Establishment of a Sound Renewable Energy Electricity Consumption Guarantee Mechanism, Circular on Matters Relating to the Construction of Wind Power, Photovoltaic Power Projects in 2019, etc., has made it clear that a range of photovoltaic and landing policies are being introduced and implemented.
On 10 January 2019, the National Development Commission and the National Energy Agency issued a circular on the active promotion of wind power and unsubsidized parity access to the Internet, focusing on the development of low-cost pilot projects on affordable Internet access; optimizing the investment climate for low-cost and affordable Internet access; guaranteeing priority and full guaranteed access to electricity generation; and promoting the unsubsidized development of wind power and photovoltaic power through market-based electricity trading.
The key to achieving affordable access to the Internet is to reduce the cost of photovoltaic power, mainly by increasing the efficiency of electricity generation and reducing manufacturing costs. Average conversion efficiency for multi-chip and single-crystal batteries has been increasing in recent years, from 16.5 per cent and 17.6 per cent in 2010 to 19.2 per cent and 21.8 per cent in 2018. Perc technologies that began to be developed in 2016 have resulted in greater conversion efficiency and have become widely available on a large scale and are expected to be black in the multi-crystal sector.
Silicon technology will also be replaced by perc technology. Chart 18. Trends in the efficiency of battery film conversion in our country.
The price of single silicone chip was reduced from $5.35/w, 4.6/w in early 2018 to $3.13/w, 1.90/w in July 2019, with a reduction of 42.99 per cent and 55.22 per cent, respectively, and the price difference of single silicone chip was increased to $1.23/w. In 2018, the cost of single crystal perc component was reduced to approximately 1.45/w, and the cost of the component was expected to continue to increase with battery conversion efficiency and output per kilogram of silicon.
On December 29, 2018, the country's first large flat-priced Internet photovoltaic project officially gridd electricity in Qing Hae Gaewood. The total size of the project was 500mw, with a total investment of about $2.1 billion, the country's largest single-time project, and the country's first major parity.
Net photovoltaic project, with an average electricity price of 0.316 yuan per kilowatt hour, below the online price of the fire devulcanization pole in Qinghai (0.3247 yuan per kilowatt hour), setting a precedent for domestic photovoltaic flat prices. 2.1.3 monocrystal perc high-speed development, with a new round of monocrystal silicon expansion in the near future
In the context of a strong demand for low-cost Internet access, the maturity of efficient perc technology has greatly enhanced the competitiveness of monocrystal routes, with single crystal perc batteries growing rapidly in 2018-2019, which will continue to pull the demand for single crystal silicon. While the single crystal perc component is higher than the average single-w price, the market demand is still better than the multi-crystal component, not only in terms of higher full-life power generation, but also in terms of greater single-component power.
The same applies to single crystal perc batteries, single crystal silicon tablets, and single crystal silicon silicon silicon, and that is why the price differentials for single-multi-crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon have continued to grow. The market share of single crystal silicon cells has gradually increased, reaching a market share of about 45% in 2018, and with perc production capacity by the end of 2018.
Up to 73.6gw, the market for single crystal silicone is expected to be more than two-thirds in 2019. The market share of single crystal silicon is expected to increase year after year, with hexasol batteries, n perc batteries and n single crystal silicone.
49gw, Lungi and Central Ring combined cities have reached 66%. However, downstream demand is still expanding, with perc capacity reaching about 73gw by the end of 2018 and single crystal silicone capacity reaching only 63gw by the end of 2019, while silicone capacity is expected to reach 140gw by the end of 2019, while silicone capacity has been reduced by more than 20% since only the second half of 2018.
The price of single crystal silicon tablets has fallen by only 7%. The efficiency of single crystal silicon straws is increasing, and the nonsilicon costs of the industry’s leading companies have been lower than $1 per piece, and single crystal silicon has a Maori rate of about 30%. Compared to multiple silicone, silicon, battery and assembly links in the photovoltaic industrial chain, the excess of single crystal silicon tablets is already in the process of being ordered or installed, owing to the inertia of the perc manufacturer, and many production lines are in the process of being decomposed or decomposed, despite the current decline in battery film prices.
Battery output is expected to reach 130-140gw by the end of 2019, while only Lungi 15gw production line will be completed and released in the second half of 2019, and the supply of single crystal silicon tablets will continue to be in short supply at least until 2020. Supply should not be needed + excess returns, downstream silicon millers are eager to start a new cycle of expansion.
And 38gw, conservatively estimated to invest 400 million yuan per gw device in single-crystal bars and silicon equipment, of which 150-170 million are long-crystal furnaces, 43.4 billion in single-crystal equipment markets and 17.4 billion in long-crystal market space in the last three years.
3 semiconductor industry transfer opportunities 3.1 semiconductor demand ends open 5 g cycle downstream applications in the semiconductor industry include pc, communications, consumer electronics, automobiles, industry, etc., smartphones, pc, etc.
Automobile electron, iot (material networking) is a product with an integrated circuit terminal application of up to four, and it is expected that the development of the demand for chips, such as 5g, ai, object networking, smart cities, etc., will lead to a sustained boom in the semiconductor market.
5g is the acronym for the fifth generation of mobile communication technologies, and data flows are projected to increase by 1,000 times in 2020 compared to 2010, and the development of 5g systems will be geared towards the need for mobile communications by 2020, encompassing key technologies such as architecture, wireless networks, wireless transmission, new antennas and radio frequency, and new spectrum development and utilization.
Active roll-out of the 5g base station construction plan, near the commercial age, which will bring new growth points to the upstream semiconductor industry. Figure 27. Marginai chip market demand (in millions of United States dollars) ai is artificial intelligence, a branch of computer science, researching and developing theories and formulas for simulation, extension and expansion of human intelligence.
Legal, technological and applied systems are trying to produce a new smart machine that can respond in a similar way to human intelligence, including robotics, language recognition, image recognition, natural language processing and expert systems.
Global market size will maintain high growth at 59% and 60%, respectively, in 2019 and 2020. The current applications of the ai chip are mainly cloud computing, autopilot, security, smart homes, robots, etc., which provide a very large market for the ai chip, with a global market of $4.47 billion in 2017, of which China has a market size of $3.33 billion.
With about 10 per cent, the market is expected to continue to grow in 2018 and the global market is expected to break out of $10 billion by 2020, bringing to the semiconductor industry the Internet through central computer centralization of machines, equipment, personnel, control, Internet connectivity for all general objects capable of performing their functions, traditional telecommunications networks, information carriers such as sensors, mcu chips, radio frequency devices, etc.
The semiconductor component is integrated or enclosed on pcb boards. Market size broke out by trillion yuan in 2017 and, with the technological maturity of 5g, the field of Internet communications was opened further, which will facilitate the continued expansion of the network. 3.2 Silicon national production drives domestic semiconductor manufacturing equipment demand.
In recent years, the global semiconductor market space has been expanding, with sales totalling $46,878 million in 2018, with Asia-Pacific markets accounting for a large share and a steady growth trend. According to sia, global semiconductor sales in February 2019 amounted to $32.9 billion, a decrease of 10.6 per cent, and wsts projected a halfconductor growth rate of only 2.6 per cent in 2019, with the domestic integrated circuit market exceeding $600 billion in 2018, accounting for only 600 billion annual sales.
The global market size is about 20%. The global semiconductor market has fallen again by about 10% after reaching 20% in 2017, and our sales have been growing steadily at about 20% or more in recent years. If it continues at the current rate of expansion, the share of domestic markets in the global semiconductor industry will grow.
Figure 30. Global semiconductor sales (in millions of United States dollars) Figure 31. China Integrated Circuit sales (in billions of dollars)  Asia-Pacific  Japan  Europe  America
Emerging domestic industries that have developed abroad will generally experience four stages of transfer from the initial, medium, and late stages to the new round, as will the semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry is still in the early stages of transfer, benefiting from engineers’ dividends and technological advances, with significant cost advantages, and large import-substitution space.
For example, the ic financial card chip, which had long been monopolized by international manufacturers like Ngipur, was imported until the country’s emphasis on security of the message after the Prism Gate and the technological breakthroughs of its designers, such as China’s rainbows, co-cores, and others, broke down the monopoly. But the import of integrated circuits in our country continued to rise, with imports reaching $312,058 million in 2018, accounting for China’s combined electricity in 2018.
There is still huge import alternative space in the domestic market, about half the share of the road market, and with the constant technological progress of domestic producers and the strong support of national policies, industry has matured, and huge import space will gradually be absorbed by domestic firms.
New technology R & D becomes • new technologies correspond to greater competition from internationalization to internationalization
Foreign rivals are lost, localized, entering a new round of nationalism.
Figure 33. Imports of China ' s integrated circuits (in billions of dollars) and their rate of increase (%) have been growing for more than 30 years, but due to relatively small domestic demand and the import of much lower-priced second-hand equipment from abroad, the development of silicon production facilities has been severely restricted, the variety of domestic equipment is not adequate, the conditions for technological progress and technological progress are lacking.
In recent years, driven by national policy incentives and the expansion of market demand, a large number of enterprises have started to develop semiconductor silicon silicon projects in the country. Large silicon silicon silicon is the direction that needs to be broken now and for some time to come, and the implementation of large silicon silicon projects in the country will promote technological advances in the country, facilitate the transfer of industries to medium-term development and accelerate import substitution.
In the first quarter of 2019, companies such as Concord, Central Ring, Central Crystal, Semiconductor and Central Steel published silicon investment plans, total investment, estimated 25 per cent and 5 per cent of investments, respectively, of long crystal and grinding equipment. The market space for pre-silicon equipment for the next three to five years will allow the crystallization power to be located in large and powerful clients in the industry, with a combination of technology development, product performance and quality of service.
For the next three years, among the major producers of single-crystal silicon rods, Central Rings, Crystals, Crystals, Crystal Australasia, Upper Controls, Circumpolar Power, Circumpolar Power, and Crystal Power, which is the largest supplier of single-crystal crystal furnaces, these five.
The main clients of the semiconductor equipment are middle-ring, research, Chengzhou All-China, Kim Rui-chung, etc. Since the company’s main clients are well-known listed companies or large enterprises in the industry, these medium- and medium-sized high-quality clients are more risk-resistant and operate with stable performance, fast sales returns, increasing receivables in recent years, but the turnover rate of receivables has not declined, upswings in the defense industry, and pushes forward.
At the same time, the rapid expansion of these large clients, at a time when the industry is on the rise, can generate larger demand for orders and provide strong guarantees for the continued growth of the company’s business performance in the future. Over the last two years, companies have taken sufficient purchase orders to purchase more than 2 billion dollars in contract purchases, and strong growth in sales by the top two clients in 2018 has boosted corporate sales.
40% of the contract value is paid, 30% of the contract value is paid by the customer prior to the shipment of the company, 20% of the contract value is paid by the customer after the receipt and inspection of the product, and 10% of the total contract value is paid by the customer after the expiration of the quality assurance period. In the contract, the parties will specify the delivery period for the product, on a monthly basis, and the customer will recognize the business income from the receipt and inspection of the equipment.
In 2018, the Transistor Power and Tianjin Middle Ring Semiconductor Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Medium Ring”) signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement for the Semiconductor Silicon Production Industry, which is intended to take advantage of their respective advantages and upgrade the technology for the silicon production of semiconductor silicon. The Central Ring shares are the backbone of the country's single crystalline silicon material, with steady growth in business performance over the years, with operating revenues of 13,756 million yuan in 2018 at a rate of more than 40%, accompanied by photovoltaics.
On March 19, 2019, the Central Rings signed a cooperation agreement with the People’s Government of the City of Hull and Holt for the “Middle Ring Five 25gw Single Crystal Silicon Project.”
Central ring shares were again expanded to 25gw, with a total investment of 9 billion dollars, the most beneficial being crystal-spill power for equipment suppliers, leading by 4.2.1 light-voltage single-crystal crystallizer technology for performance.
The company has a strong team of technology R & D and management, as well as a team of highly specialized, applied and executed technical workers, and has a deep grip on the technology of crystallized silicon-growing equipment manufacturing and crystal-growing processes, which are the basis for continuous technological and product innovation.
The crystal-spill power has created a clear technological advantage in single-crystal growth furnaces, where equipment revenues, Māori rates and R & D costs are higher than those of other enterprises (North Fanghua's income includes semiconductor devices), where precision technology and Tianlong Light have largely withdrawn from the industry, where many are self-supporting and small customers, and North China and the City are controlled to supply Lung Ki mainly, and North China's primary R & D is located in semiconductor material equipment.
Quantities, continuous repossession techniques, single-crystal lengths, etc., are in the forefront of the industry. R & D costs and their share in recent years.
4.2.2 The project “Key technologies and applications for large-scale semiconductor-class silicon monocrystal growth equipment” was adopted by the China Electronic Equipment Industry Association and the China Electronic Materials Industry Association, which jointly organized a scientific and technical evaluation of new products at the World Semiconductor Congress in 2019.
China’s semiconductor innovation technology in 2018. With the support of the country’s major science and technology theme 02, the company used superconducted magnetic field technology to achieve a good match between the superconducted magnetic field and the fully automated monocrystal furnace on control and machinery, coupled with advanced technologies such as double-vision calibration and ccd video, which effectively addressed the silicon crystal growth process.
Major technical difficulties, such as silicon monocrystal microdeficiency and oxygen content control, image recognition detection during crystal growth, and molten body liquid position control, have led to a major breakthrough in the intelligent all-automatic monocrysil growth furnace technology, breaking the monopoly of the international industry on high-end monocrystal technology. Its key technologies are internationally advanced, and its production equipment, engineering and detection tools meet mass production requirements.
In the field of semiconductor crystals equipment, the company’s main competitors are Kayex, Sumco and Pva in the United States, Sumco in Japan, which produces and does not sell their own stoves, while Kayex has been acquired by Dalian City, so domestic manufacturers purchase more American Kayex equipment.
8-10 inches of crystal rods, 8 inches of semiconductor equipment energy products, capable of supplying 12 inches of semiconductor equipment, have started to be applied to central lead, semiconductor, Chengzhou crystals, etc., and have started the process of nationalization of large-sized semiconductor long crystals.
(b) Assumption two: smart equipment, such as crystallizer batteries, is progressing well; based on the above operating assumptions, it is projected that the crystallizer power will be about 0.56, 0.79 and 0.93 per cent, respectively, for 2019-2021.
There have been major changes in photovoltaic policies, less demand than expected, more trade warfare, less investment in semiconductor silicon, and more than expected.