High-end Centre for the Study of Equipment and New Materials Acquisitions (300316.sz) Acquisition (first rating) of optical monocrystal silicon new force extension, semiconductor silicon device
Nationally manufactured, single-crystal silicon growth equipment taps, which benefit from low-lying optical monocrystal silicon large-scale expansion, semiconductor silicon equipment, and domestic single-crystal furnace taps, which are used in the photovoltaic, semiconductor integrated circuit industry.
Revenues, net profit compound increases of 62% and 77%, largely benefiting from the rapid development of monocrystal silicon. Photovoltage parities are approaching, a new wave of monocrystal silicon expansion is approaching, the demand for monocrystal equipment is high, and the domestic market for the various links of the photovoltaic industry, including photovoltaic equipment, has been at the top of the global market for many years.
After the “531” PV New Deal in 2018, the PV industry adjusted its pace of development, accelerating the PV decline. In 2019, PV prices became available, demand from overseas increased, and the PV industry recovered.
A significant surge, with a single crystal share of over 40% in 2018, is expected to reach 70% by 2020, and clear trends in technology routes are driving stocks and new entrants to accelerate the expansion of single crystal silicon capacity. The market is expected to require $11.4 billion for single crystals in 2019-2021, with the company's monocrystal compound increasing at about 23%.
Create a single-crystal extension model to measure the demand for single-crystal furnaces in an optimistic/neutral/pessimistic scenario. Considering the impact of single-cook capacity upgrading and silicon thinning, the market space for single-crystal furnaces in the next three years amounts to $11.4 billion (neutral).
With 8 billion orders and a 23% compound increase in income from single-crystal operations, the central ring shares are tied, semiconductor equipment orders are significantly advanced, and a further breakthrough is expected in the future, with a market space for semi-conductor monocrystals amounting to $4.1 billion.
In October 2017, the company took part in the formation of the Central Ring "Silica Production and Manufacturing Project for Integrated Circuits." In 2018, the company signed a new semiconductor equipment order of more than $500 million. We measured a second eight-inch second tender for silicon in the middle ring, amounting to $700 million, with subsequent orders expected to continue.
Wang Huajun’s new products, such as fully automated silicon polishers and double-face grinders in the semiconductor sector, have also accelerated to the market. The company is expected to grow into a semi-conductor silicon device.
• Policy risks in the photovoltaic sector: lower than expected risk of downstream photovoltaic monocrystal silicon expansion as a result of falling silicon prices: the risk of successful delivery of semiconductor equipment and sustained orders.
(1) The flat-priced Internet is approaching, and the photovoltaic industry is expected to enter a new wave cycle. Assuming that the middle ring and the Holt 25gw monocrysilica expansion project, the 25gw monocrysil silicon expansion project, the onboard computer, the 5gw monocrysilicon stick, etc., are on schedule.
With a market space of about $11.4 billion for crystal furnaces and related equipment, a strong support month for the company’s orders for the next 2-3 years, the company has won an order for equipment of up to $400 million. The construction week for the center ring’s leading large silicon project lasts three years, and we are optimistic about the progress of the central ring’s lead bid and the amount of the order.
We disagree with the market: (1) the market questions the growth of the company's photovoltaic monocrystal order. In 2018, the company's crystalline silicon growth equipment collected $1.9 billion. We believe that the company's main growth point for the next three years is from the crystals.
The new power of monocrystal silicon, such as on-board numerical control. According to the downstream monocrysil production expansion plan, we measure that companies are expected to get $6.2 billion in orders for single-crystal furnaces, and to add up to $8 billion in orders for the replacement of equipment and old furnaces, and to achieve steady growth in crystal silicon growing equipment operations.
In the next three years, silicon is expected to grow by an average of 5% per year. In theory, the demand for single crystals is expected to decrease by 4.8%.
Models of demand for stoves, with a neutral projection, are expected to reach $11.4 billion in the next three years, without changing the trend towards high demand growth in the industry. (3) Markets question the progress of companies’ semiconductor equipment in the downstream supply chain and sales.
By 2018, the division had completed production of 8 inches of silicon per month at the Tianjin base, and the production of 20,000 inches per month of the 12-inch silicon test line was successful. The sum of $30.050 billion was spent on the Central Ring lead project, which was built over a three-year period.
The equipment order for the first eight-inch second tender for silicon is 700-800 million yuan, and the follow-up order is expected to continue.3 The profit forecast and investment rating of the company benefits from the expansion of the downstream optical monocrysil firm. We expect the company to earn 2019-2021.
Given that the company's photovoltaic single-crystal furnaces are expected to rise in a new round of growth, semiconductor equipment has broken out, integrated segment valuations have been calculated, and we have given the company a 24-fold valuation in 2020, with over-expected policy and demand in the photovoltaic sector: silicon prices remain high and over-expected; downstream manufacturers list.
(c) Risks of successful delivery of semiconductor equipment and of obtaining continuous orders.
i. Crystal-rich power: single-crystal silicon growth equipment tap 1; crystal-crystal growth equipment tap; primary photovoltaic single-crysilica equipment; semiconductor equipment; company leads the domestic crystal-crysilicon growth equipment tap; crystal-growth equipment products mainly serve solar light
In recent years, the company has developed new products, such as smart equipment in the field of photovoltaic and led, and new sapphire growth stoves.
Chart 1: Development journey: to grow into single crystalline silicon growth equipment taps (1) Photovoltaic equipment area: monocrystal market first  company has developed industrial chains such as silicone crystal growth, back-track intelligent processing, high-efficiency batteries and components
Core equipment, with silicon crystal growth equipment at the top of the market. Through continuous technological breakthroughs, the company has now developed a complete industrial layout, from crystal growth equipment to crystal material processing, batteries, and core components, ready for integration.
Figure 3: Company series of products in the field of photovoltaic equipment (2) semiconductor equipment: successful nationalization of semiconductor-level monocrystal growth furnaces.
And recently, new products such as semiconductor-class single-crystal silicon rollers, single-crystal silicon cutters, fully automated silicon chips, polishers, double-face grinders, etc., are successfully introduced, and these devices are capable of completing a two-sided refinement of semiconductor silicon rods, cut, silicon polish and semiconductor single silicon chips, sapphire crystal chips, etc.
(a) Process such as grinding, which enriches the product structure of semiconductor plates and establishes a lead in the field of semiconductor equipment in the country
▪ Sapphire material is a basic material that is widely applied to areas such as led lighting, cellular panels, smart wear, aerospace, etc.
The success of the development of the 400-inch sapphire growth technology has enabled the company to become an international leader in ultra-sized sapphire crystal growth technology, relying on our large-scale sapphire materials to move away from import. The company is expected to become a 4-6 inch sapphire-line film with customized optical dimensions.
A panel supplier of sapphire materials. Figure 5: Companies ' series of products in the area of led, 2 benefits from optical monocrystal expansion, achieving high growth in company performance from 2015 to 2018
▪ From 2015 to 2018, corporate revenues rose from $592 million to $2,536 million, with a composite increase of 62 per cent;
In the first quarter of 2019, the company collected $568 million, an increase of 0.4 per cent, and realized a net return of $126 million, a decrease of 6.73 per cent. In the first half of 2019, the company forecasted a profit of 228-285 million.
▪ The photovoltaic industry began to warm up in the first half of 2019, the monocrystal silicon market was better demand, some silicon producers started a new round of expansion, company orders were laid down, new orders were gradually recognized as operating income after installation of the equipment and commissioning, and the company's performance is expected to turn around in the second half of this year.
The overall Māori ratio is stable: in recent years, the company's combined Māori rate has remained relatively stable at 40% left right. The Māori rate has been maintained at over 40% as the product that accounts for the largest share of revenue.
(ii) Research and development (R & D) investment is growing at a high rate every year and is growing at a high rate.
The share of corporate capitalization R & D expenditure in R & D as a proportion of R & D inputs has remained constant at 0 per cent over the years.
Figure 11: Corporate R & D personnel in excess of 500
In recent years, China’s photovoltaic industry, which is a strategic and positive industry with an international competitive advantage, has been growing rapidly, growing rapidly, driven by both policy-oriented policies and market demand, and has become the world’s most important market in the chain of industry for many years.
▪ According to the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries (cpia), by the end of 2018, the number of photovoltaics installed nationwide had reached 174gw, an increase of 44gw over the previous year, an increase of 34 per cent. The centralized power station 124gw, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year; and the distributed photovoltaic 51gw, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous year.
The luminous industrial chain is expected to usher in a new cycle of expansion. With the proximity of photovoltaic parities to the Internet and the accelerated phase-out of production capacity in the industry, the size of photovoltaic terminals is expected to continue to grow.
Figure 14: Photovoltaics: Policies are moving towards affordable access, with high potential for the next few years.
(a) Commercial side price equal to the price of electricity received by businesses from the grid (including transmission and distribution costs): Household side price equal to the price of electricity received by residents from the grid (including transmission and distribution costs): Power side price equal to the price of electricity installed on the grid (excluding transmission and distribution costs).
Single crystals replace polycrystal routes, and the share of the efficient monocrystal market is gradually increasing
In the field, perc technology is widely available, and it is expected to be replaced entirely by perc technology in the multi-crystal field in 2-3 years. The average conversion efficiency of single-crystal batteries produced on a large scale was also derived from 2010, respectively, as a result of different crystal growth processes, resulting in single-crystal silicon and multi-crystal silicon in crystal quality, electrology, etc.
Performance and mechanical performance differ significantly from single crystals. Single crystal silicon has the following advantages in comparison: fewer defects, higher mechanical strength, lower debris rates, greater efficiency uplifting space, higher concentration, longer decay periods. Single crystals have the absolute advantage in comparison with single multiple material performance.
Single multi-crystal at the end of the battery has been levelled: monocrystal conversion efficiency is higher than multi-crystal efficiency, not only in the case of single-crystal batteries with a conversion efficiency higher than at least 1 per cent of multi-crystal batteries, but also in the case of the same perc process, where the conversion efficiency of single-crystal batteries is one more than the normal cells of the respective process.
A step-by-step increase of about 0.6 ~1 %, while a multi-crystal cell conversion efficiency increase by only about 0.5 %. Clearly, a single-crystal conversion efficiency gain is more advantageous and potential, also derived from a single multi-crystal material variation. Rootly, battery conversion efficiency is measured to be reduced by 5-7 percentage points per watt system for every 1 percentage point increase.
Point. So the cost of making high-power battery assemblies is always lower than the cost of crystals. At present, single crystals are flat, while single crystals have the advantage of components and power stations at the end of the package, and single crystals in terms of long-term stability, long-term decay rates and per watt power generation.
Single crystal silicon power stations have a higher return on investment. At a time when single crystal prices are falling rapidly and approaching polycrystal prices, monocrystals still have more scope for price reduction than doctals, thus accelerating the pace of photovoltaic power generation to supplement price-free Internet access, reflecting the absolute advantage of monocrystals.
The share of the efficient monocrystal market has gradually expanded: with the continued expansion of the monocrystal efficiency and value-for-money advantages over recent years, the share of the monocrystal market has risen significantly, reaching over 40 per cent in 2018, accelerating the expansion of single crystal silicon production capacity.
3. The new light-voltage single-crystal silicon power is expanding, and orders for single-crystal equipment are expected to benefit. By the end of 2018, the mainstream light-crystal silicon capacity was about 75gw (Lonky 28gw+ Central Ring 25gw+Chrystal 5.5gw+Chrystals 4.5gw+ Other 12gw).
Figure 23: Longki, Central Ring monocrystal silicon annual capacity expansion Figure 24: China's monocrystal silicon capacity as of 2018
From the beginning of the first half of 2018 to the present, single-crystal expansion of the country's leading monocrystal enterprises, namely Lungi, Central Ring, Crystal, and coming on board, has started a new wave of monocrystal silicon expansion.
In March-April 2018, Lungi shares were proposed to invest in the insurance mountain single crystal silicon stick II project, the Ligang single silicon stick II project and the Chu Yu single crystal silicon silicon silicon II project, amounting to 1.749 billion yuan, 1.937 billion yuan and 1,486 million yuan. The production capacity was planned to rise to 36gw in 2019 and to the end of 2020, respectively.
The Chinese ring shares were announced on 19 March 2019, and a cooperation agreement was signed with the People's Government of the city of Hu and Holt on the “Central Ring Five 25gw monosilica project”, with a total investment of about 9 billion yuan, which will bring to 25gw the capacity to complete the post-natal period, at which time the “Central Ring Industrial Park” will have a single crystallized silicon capacity.
On 16 April 2019, at the Leysan Open Investment Promotion Conference, Crystal Energy contracted to invest $15 billion in the construction of 25gw monocrystal bars, cutting-edge projects and related ancillary facilities in the city of Leysan.
The announcement of 8 May 2019 signed an investment agreement with the municipality of the first-year production of 5 gw single-crysilium crystallized production project, with an annual investment of 5 gw single-crysilol crystal production project for the manufacture of head equipment and a total proposed investment of about 3 billion yuan in the construction of a single-crysilol crystal production project.
The trend of thinning silicon tablets is clear, with an average annual increase of 5% over the next three years: according to the China Photovoltaic Association, the average thickness of single crystal silicon tablets in 2018 was about 180 μm, and it was 5 μm less than in 2017. With the extension of the p single crystal perc battery, the p single crystal silicon is thick.
The rate of decline will accelerate: the n-silk silicon is now roughly the same thickness as the p-silicon single silicon. In the future, as the application of the heterogeneous cytology technology expands, the thickness will increase further.
In 2018, the number of single-crystal bars was about 65, five more than in 2017. China's Photovoltaic Association expects a composite increase in the volume of single-crystal bars over the next three years.
The original design for 2019-2021 was to add 19gw, 26gw, 47gw, with 1900 light-voltage single-crystal (10mw/ table) and 2,600 and 4700, respectively. The output of single-cylinder is expected to increase by 5% annually, with theoretical demand of 1810.
Two hundred and seventy-six, four hundred and forty-seven.  The above only takes into account the impact of thin fragmentation on additional capacity. If you consider its impact on the capacity of the stock, the yield capacity is theoretically growing at an annual rate of 5%.
The intensity and speed of down to silicon prices affect the productivity and progress of second-line silicon producers. We have three scenarios for analysis: optimistic predictions for downstream expansion are higher than expected; neutral projections for downstream expansion are planned; and pessimistic predictions for downstream expansion are less than expected.
In the next three years, the market space for single-crystal furnaces will be $11.4 billion: the single-crystal furnaces have developed from the initial 6mw, 8mw, and the single-crystal silicon is now the most advanced.
25gw, onboard 5gw etc.), considering the impact of silicon thinning, the market space for single-crystal furnaces is about $11.4 billion.
The main producers of the stoves are crystal-singer power, Dalian City, and Kyoto Express. The foreign manufacturers of single-crystal equipment have largely withdrawn from the Chinese market.
The other is a bidding process, where the crystals power is relatively competitive. The cumulative space for optical voltage orders for crystals power 2019-2021 is about $8 billion: excludes the Lungi shares.
Production expansion, measured at 90 per cent of the single-crystal market, is expected to generate a single-year order of about $8 billion for photovoltaic equipment.5 The company's single-crystal order is expected to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year.
▪ In the light of the new forms issued by the company, over $2.6 billion in new optical equipment orders and over $500 million in semiconductor equipment orders were signed throughout the year 2018, mainly in the first half of the year. The company uses the sales settlement model “Pre-receipt - Pre-receipt - Collection - Collection - Evaluation - Guarantee” :
“Advance receipts” are collected within a certain period of time (generally from 10 to 30 days) after the conclusion of the sales contract, and “Advance receipts” are collected before and after delivery, at a rate of 40 to 70 per cent of the contract amount.
60 ~ 85 per cent of the amount; “receipts” are collected after receipt and inspection of the product sold by the company, generally at 10 ~ 25 per cent of the contract amount:
• The company's production model is “for sale” and takes 180 to 240 days from material entry, organization, completion of production and distribution to installation of test collection. Newly updated figure 31: The company uses the sales settlement model “pre-receipt-pre-receipt-receipt-require-assurance” in the second half of 2018.
▪ As of July 2019, the company had announced a large order contract for crystallized energy and onboarding, totalling more than $1.8 billion. As of the end of the quarter, the company had not completed its contract of $2,535 million, of which semiconductor equipment had not completed its contract of $558 million.
▪ According to the new forms issued by the company, new orders for photovoltaic equipment exceeded $2.6 billion throughout 2018, semiconductor equipment over $500 million, and were concentrated in the first half of the year, with orders slowing down in the second half of 2018 and orders growing again in the first half of 2019.
▪ From accounts receivable and advance receipts, the company performance cut-off point: by the end of 2018, the company receivable + the firm's turning point was now in place and the volume of orders in the second half of the year would have increased significantly over the same period, leading to the creation of the performance cut-off point.
The domestic production of silicon silicon tablets has expanded, the national production of silicon equipment has opened up opportunities.1 Global semiconductor sector sales have continued to increase, and production capacity has accelerated the transfer to China.1 Sales in semiconductor industries have continued to increase: $4,687 million in 2018 in global semiconductor industry sales
Chinese semiconductor sector sales of $158.1 billion, which grew rapidly, driven by market developments, rose from 18.16 per cent to 33.73 per cent in the global semiconductor sector, and increased its importance in the global semiconductor sector.
Figure 38: China's growing sales deficit in the semiconductor sector Figure 37: Accelerated expansion of domestic semiconductor sales  China's semiconductor industry is heavily dependent on imports: according to the General Customs Administration, China integrated electricity in 2018
Road imports, amounting to $312,058 million, exceeded crude oil imports for the fourth consecutive year, ranked first in China’s imports, and trade deficits continued to grow. China’s semi-conductor industry was significantly lagging behind its rapidly growing market demand, and there was considerable room for import substitution.
2. Continued growth in the size of the semiconductor silicon market, with 12 inches of silicon becoming the focus of production (1) For nearly three years, the semiconductor silicon sales and the area of delivery have grown rapidly, as the semiconductor sector is closely linked to the global macroeconomic situation and the global semiconductor silicon industry is in place
In 2009, both the lower output and sales affected by the economic crisis fell; the silicon sector rebounded sharply in 2010 from the growth of smartphones. From 2011 to 2016, the global economy recovered but remained relatively low, with the silicon sector growing at a slower pace.
Strong demand in semiconductor end-markets, continued growth in downstream traditional applications such as computers, mobile communications, solid-state hard disks, industrial electronics markets, rapid growth in new applications such as artificial intelligence, block chains, object networking, automobile electronics, and growing market size for semiconductor silicon, which broke out in 2018.
Between 2016 and 2018, global sales of semiconductor silicone increased from $7.2 billion to $11.4 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 25.75 per cent, with a harvest of nearly 10 years in 2018. Semiconductor silicon silicon exports grew from 10.738 million sq. inches to 12.732 million sq. inches per year.
The combined growth rate was 8.89 per cent, with a record high in 2018. 2019 q1 silicon area is slightly lower: according to Semi, the fourth quarter of 2017 saw silicon silicon silica in a total of 2,977 million square inches, and the fourth quarter of 2018 had a total of 3084, respectively.
3160, 3255 and 3234 million square inches, the total volume of silicon crystal round in the first quarter of 2019 fell to 3,051 million square inches, the ring fell by 5.6 per cent, the same year down by 1 per cent, and the total silicon crystal round is now at its lowest level since the fourth quarter of 2017.
Figure 39: Global semiconductor silicon annual compound sales 2016-2018 Figure 40: Global semiconductor silicon annual average growth rate of 25.75 per cent 2016-2018
2.8 inches, 12 inches combined, compared to nearly 90 per cent of the global semiconductor silicon market, the most dominant product specification is 300 mm silicon (12 inches) and 200 mm (8 inches) silicon, with a steady increase in the 300 mm silicon.
▪ In 2018, the market share of 300 mm silicon and 200 mm silicon was 63.31 per cent and 26.34 per cent, respectively. (3) In the last three years, the combined rate of sales of domestic semiconductor silicon was 41 per cent, well above the global level of the same period. ▪ Between 2008 and 2013, the trend in the semiconductor silicon market in mainland China and the global semiconductor silicon.
Since 2014, the Chinese semiconductor silicon silicon market in mainland China has moved into a jump-starting phase, as Chinese semiconductor production lines have been put into production, Chinese semiconductor systems have continued to evolve, and Chinese semiconductor end-product markets have been developing rapidly. From 2016 to 2018, Chinese semiconductor semiconductors in mainland China have moved forward.
Silicon silicon sales rose from $500 million to $996 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 41.17 per cent, well above the global average annual composite growth rate of 25.75 per cent for semiconductor silicons during the same period. China is the world’s largest semiconductor product end market, and is expected to grow in the future with China’s chip manufacturing capacity.
As it expands, China’s semiconductor silicon market will continue to grow at a higher rate than the global market. The semiconductor silicon is made as a key chip, with a high market concentration, and the global silicon market is now dominated by well-known enterprises in Japan, Germany, Korea, Taiwan, China, etc.
According to China's semiconductor silicon companies produce semiconductor silicon tablets up to 150 mm, and only a few have the capacity to produce 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets. Until 2017, 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon tablets were almost entirely imported. In 2018, Shanghai Xinjin became China's mainland.
The company that led the 300 mm silicon scale sale broke the 300 mm semiconductor silicon national production rate of almost zero. (4) The domestic chip manufacturing capacity continues to expand, and the semiconductor silicon demand is strong.
The downstream customers of the semiconductor silicon enterprise are chip manufacturing enterprises, including large integrated crystal-rounding industries, and chip manufacturing enterprises focusing on areas such as storage, sensor manufacturing and radio frequency chip manufacturing. The end-use areas of semiconductor silicon are smartphones, portable equipment, object networking, motor power.
As science and technology evolve, emerging end markets will emerge. Global chip manufacturing capacity (200mm) is expected to grow from 19.855 million chips/month in the year.
In recent years, with the continued expansion of China's continental chip manufacturing enterprises, such as China Cube International, Hua Li Weibo, Yangjiang storage, Hualong, etc.
Demand for semiconductor silicon chips will continue to grow as chip manufacturing capacity grows. Currently, China’s mainland enterprises produce 300 mm chips with less than 200 mm chip manufacturing capacity.
As China’s chip manufacturing industry continues to grow technologically, it is expected that by 2020, the mainland company’s 300 mm chip manufacturing capacity will exceed 200 mm chip manufacturing capacity.3 The silicon manufacturing pattern is stable, with the top five silicone factories accounting for 90% of the total, and Chinese manufacturers are closing in.
In 2018, the global semiconductor silicon (including polishing, extrapolated, soi silicon) was sold at US$ 12,269 million. The top five sales accounted for 93 per cent of the market share: Shin, Japan, 28.50 per cent; Sumco, Japan, 25.15 per cent; and Siltronic, Germany, 26.15 per cent.
The market share is 14.69 per cent, the market share of Taiwan is 14.04 per cent, and the market share of South Korea is 10.50 per cent. The Silicon Industries Group (including Newly Proud Technology) accounts for 2.20 per cent of the global semiconductor silicon market.
Due to the technical difficulties of the semiconductor silicon industry, the long research and development cycle, the large financial input, the long customer recognition cycle, etc., the barriers to entry of the semiconductor silicon industry are high and the concentration of the industry is high. In 2018, the top five semiconductor silicon companies across the globe were trans-chemical, sumco, siltronic, ring.
The combined sales of the sphere crystal circle and ksiltron amounted to $71,878 million, accounting for 93 per cent of the global sales of semiconductor silicon. (The global crystal round acquired semiconductor silicone in December 2016.)
The share of the market rose from 8 per cent in 2016 to 14 per cent in 2018, while the market share of the remaining four firms changed in comparison with the market share of the five largest silicon enterprises between 2016 and 2018.
4. The company was the leader of a large semiconductor-class single-crystal furnace, with a major breakthrough in semiconductor orders in 2018: (1) By 2020, the market space for semiconductor equipment generated by the expansion of silicon mills was about 17 billion yuan.
18 8-inch crystals, of which 10 12-inch crystals and 6 8-inch crystals are under construction. The project focuses on Beijing, Chengdu, Chongqing, and Jiang Zing.
The global silicon market is in short supply. Sumco data show 8 inches of silicon and 12 inches of silicon in the first half of 2018.
The supply of 8 inches of silicon is limited, and, in the absence of easy access to production equipment, the foreign silicon giant has not yet had a capacity expansion plan for 8 inches of silicon, which is expected to be in a state of long-term stress.
Ten thousand a month, 12 inches of silicone design capacity will exceed 1.2 million. According to the Silicone Project, the eight-inch silicone project has an equipment investment of about $30 million a month, of which the single crystal furnace is about $8 million: the 12 inch silicone project has equipment of 10,000 a month.
The investment is about $80 million, of which about $20 million is for single crystal furnaces. By 2020, we expect that the expansion of silicon mills will have brought about an overall market space of about $16.9 billion for silicon manufacturing chain equipment, and about $4.1 billion for the municipal space for single crystal furnaces.
(2) Domestic semiconductor monocrystals 6-8 inches have been replaced by imports and 12 inches are breaking the pattern of semiconductor monocrystal competition: semiconductor monocrystals are dominated by countries such as the United States, Germany, Japan, and international monocrystal manufacturers are represented by the United States Quantumdesign, Kayex, and German pva
teplaag, gero and Japanese ferrotec, among others, are representatives of domestic manufacturers with crystallizer power, Nanjing  02 special, and there is no such thing as a domestic semiconductor single-crystal furnace: National semiconductor single-crystal equipment, launched in 2008 with a special 02 "National 300mm Silicon Packing Facility Demonstration Line" project.
The project is geared towards the technical needs of silicon monocrystal and polishing for large-scale integrated circuits of 90-65nm. Research and development of a variety of critical equipment, including single-crystal furnaces.
Technical basis of manufacturing equipment. 8 inches of single-crystal furnaces have been partially replaced and 12 inches have not yet been reached: some manufacturers now have national-made substitutes for semiconductor monocrystals at 6-8 inches, but a 12-inch gap between international levels still exists.
Pre-national manufacturers of 12-inch semiconductor single-crystal furnaces only have crystals power and Nanjing crystals. The company 6-8-inch semiconductor monocrystals have been supplied to a number of enterprises in the country, and 12-inch semiconductor monocrystals (3) are critical for the import of semiconductor single-crystal substitutes: downstream manufacturers certify their passage
▪ Semiconductor equipment, starting with research and development, prototypes, must be tested by a large number of silicons, etc., repeats, obtains data, discovers problems, and adapts to optimize before it can be made, before leaving the plant, undergoes a marathon test to measure the average time of failure, etc.
Even if the performance of domestically produced equipment is at an international level, downstream manufacturers will not be easily used, as the operating costs of the equipment, including a range of factors such as capacity, good rate, stability, etc., will need to be validated by production lines for downstream manufacturers.
Currently, most of the domestic silicon projects are new, and many silicon producers prefer to spend more on imported equipment during the pre-production phase to ensure that the risks are minimized.
During the month, a Strategic Cooperation Agreement was signed with tin-free municipalities and China Ring shares: the China-China shares, crystal-single machines and electricity, together with the Tin-Free City investment platform, to build integrated circuits for large silicon production and manufacturing projects, with a total investment of about $3 billion and an investment of about $1.5 billion in one phase. The project is expected to achieve 8 inches after delivery.
Seven hundred and fifty thousand silicons, 12 inches of silicon, and 600,000 per month's capacity. Achieving the target of eight inches of silicon going into the world's first three and 12 inches into the world's top five. The company contributed $500 million, representing a significant increase in the order of registered semiconductor equipment: in October 2018, the company's winning mark was ahead of 403 million.
As of the first quarter of 2019, unpaid semiconductor orders in the company’s hands remained at $558 million. New products such as fully automated silicon polishers, double-face mills, etc. developed by the company also accelerated to market.
Space measurements of semiconductor equipment leading in the middle ring: 60% of the production equipment procured in the second tender phase is expected to be about $700-800 million if the order of 4-500 billion semiconductor equipment in the middle ring corresponds to an output of 8 inches of 300,000 a month (about 40% of the manufacturing capacity in the middle ring leading the design).
Six hundred thousand pieces of equipment for 12 inches have not yet been tendered. Based on the capacity of a single monocrystal, which is about 80-10,000 units per month, 60-80 single-crystals are purchased and 12-inch single-crystals are sold for about $20 million, totalling $1.2-14 billion in equipment space.
In 2018, the semiconductor-grade quartz project, which was invested by the company, was successfully put into production and filled with large-scale semiconductor stones.
We've got an industrial void and the product has entered the domestic supply chain of large semiconductor silicon mills, size 1, business split: single-crystal orders are expected to rise to a new round of high-speed growth.
The Silicon Fragmentation Project, on-board control package, 5gw single-crysilica sticks project, was put into production as planned. Apart from Lungi, new manufacturers in 2019-2021 reached 12gw, 17gw, and 27gw. The Central Ring semiconductor silicon project is well under way, and a second tender is expected to obtain 780 million equipment orders.
We judge that the company's monocrystal and semiconductor equipment orders are expected to lead to a new round of high growth. led smart equipment, sapphire materials are growing robustly.
Leed Smart Equipment Sapphire Materials p Valuation Analysis: Company is the leader of domestic crystalline silicon growing equipment, benefiting from monocrystal extension: half-guided at the same time
The body equipment order broke out, with orders for semiconductor equipment representing 16 per cent of the new order in 2018, giving companies a higher valuation level than in the photovoltaic industry. Divisional valuation of company photovoltaic, semiconductor-type operations:
Photovoltaic equipment: The company is expected to grow at a compound rate of about 23 per cent over the next three years, from 1.94 billion in 2018 to 3.60 billion in 2021, with semiconductor equipment: semiconductor orders amounting to $500 million in 2018, with a significant increase in comparison with that.
In the future, with the second tender for equipment for the second phase of the Big Silicon Project leading by the Central Ring, the company semiconductor order is expected to continue to break. The central ring is expected to lead by 8 inches of silicon per month, 300,000 silicon per month. It is expected to be released in 2019, and the 2020 company semiconductor order is expected to be delivered (in part).
For the first time in 2019-2021, the company is expected to earn $29.9, 39.2 and 4.85 billion. Given that the company’s photovoltaic single-crystal furnace is expected to grow in a new round, semiconductor equipment is available.
Downstream industry volatility and policy risks: The products produced by the company are in the solar photovoltaic industry, integrated circuits, and the led industry, respectively, and are influenced by the demand for downstream end-use industries. Related industrial policies also have a direct impact on corporate income levels.
The fall in the price of silicon silicon leads to lower than expected risk of silicon expansion downstream: the company’s main growth point for the next three years is mainly from the traditional conglomerates of large clients, and from the expansion of crystallized, on-board-controlled silicone. If the price of single silicon is lower or higher than expected, it may happen.
The company’s business performance is influenced by the pace of expansion affecting downstream producers. Change performance risk: the company’s current unfinished orders are mainly crystal growth equipment (photovoltile single-crystal, semiconductor single-crystal) and photovoltage intelligence equipment.
The company ' s business performance may be exposed to the risk of raising funds for investment projects in unfavourable circumstances, such as cancellation of orders or late delivery: the company ' s current fund-raising investment projects include 25 million mm of annual production of sapphires and 25 million m of annual expansion of the sapphire production project
Investment projects face macroeconomic changes, changes in demand in downstream industries, technological substitutions, scores, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.