From Marzky's report, the space for mid-sea control, the mid-sea control event, the mid-sea control, the mid-sea control.
Maski published a 2-year-old report, which earned $339 million in profits on the Maski shipping plate, and lost $264 million in the same period last year.
The main difference between the scfi index and the ccfi index and the ccfi index is that the ccfi index includes long-term agreements.
And the scfi index is only a spot price. Since the USC is 40-50%, the scfi index fluctuations are more sensitive. But the reference to the profitability of the company is less than ccfi. And through figure scfi, ccfi and Maski's single-box revenue movement, too.
At present, Maski’s freight revenue is more relevant to ccfi. However, ccfi and scfi reflect only container prices exported from China, and do not reflect the prices of containers imported from China, as well as ports of departure and destination, such as the Atlantic Rim.
The prices of the country’s shipping routes do not match exactly with the real revenues of liner companies. Figure 1: The ccr index is more relevant to Maski’s single-box revenues than Scr 1, Middle and Far Sea Control (601919): Acquisition of the Eastern Overseas Jin.
First team in the industry. 2017-07-10 The source of financial prosperity in the East. Cost side: Increased rent-in-cargo costs and increased single-box costs.
Maski's second quarter single-box cost ratio decreased by 1.72%, a 7.3% increase in the same year, and the fuel cost ratio decreased by 2.2%, a 61% increase in the same year. If the fuel cost is fixed at $200/ton, Maski's second-quarter ring cost decreased by 1.4%, a 1.6% increase in the same year, mainly because of the recovery in the market, the cost of leasing inbound capacity increased.
Power is mainly leased from the mid- and long-range ocean by fixed rents, and the increase in container ship rents has limited rises in the cost of medium- and long-range sea control. Comparable company analysis: the market value of the moscow unit is 1.5 times that of sea-controlled capacity, since the medium- and long-sea lease-in capacity is much lower than the industry average, the book asset is not a real profit asset, and the business start the profit phase at the end of the cycle.
It doesn’t matter. We compare the main listed carriers with the company’s market value/total control capacity, and with the company’s value (ev)/total control capacity. Because of the profitability of the leading companies and the fact that individual costs are higher than those of the later companies, the market values the control power of the leading liner units than the industry averages.
In comparison with Maski, the value and market value of the company’s capacity are 30% higher than that of China’s China Sea Holdings, 50% higher than that of Hong Kong, 63% higher than that of China’s world’s top importers and exporters, 126%. We do not believe that China’s current position is matched by China’s current position as the world’s largest importers and exporters.
Compared to Heberot, the company’s capacity is slightly lower than that of mid- and long-range sea control, but the unit’s value is close to 8% higher than that of the mid- and long-sea controlled port. On the other hand, Heberot’s new ship orders are much smaller than that of mid- and long-sea control, and if we take new ship orders into account, the Heberot unit is more powerful.
The market value is nearly 38% higher than the market value of the mid-ocean controlled port. The value of the unit of transport is nearly 7.4% higher than the share of the mid-ocean controlled a. It can be seen that, while a/h premium is high, it is still not expensive compared to Heberot, which is slightly smaller than that of the mid-ocean controlled.
The position of a major trading country does not match, and the share of the future market is expected to rise further. The current market value of the moscow unit is 30% higher than that of the mosa unit, 50% higher than that of the port unit, and, in the context of a major recovery in the collection industry, is expected to catch up with the moscow unit, with huge market space, and continue to be recommended.
The East’s financial and intellectual booms have led to a failure in overseas acquisitions and a major downfall in the economy, and the East’s financial and intellectual booms have led to the Middle and Far Sea Control (601919):
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Gang Award.
• Master of Shipping Trade and Finance, Cas Business School, City University of London, 4 years of experience in shipping market research, held at Clarkson in 2012-2016, to analyze my own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.