The acquisition of the first Eastern Overseas Promotions, the Mid-Sea Control (601919) incident, the Middle-Sea Control.
9 July, Middle and Far China Sea Control (6019.sh; 011919.hk), Shanghai Group (600018.sh), and East Overseas (International) Limited (East Sea)
If the offer is accepted in its entirety and the deal is completed, the Middle and Far Sea control will hold the Eastern Overseas 1. The synergies are significant and the average cost will be further reduced.
The combined companies will be the third largest liner in the world. In the Ocean Alliance, both the Mid-Sea Control and the Eastern Overseas, the shipping network and services are heavy, and the Eastern Overseas has a stronger advantage in the New Australia route, from the point of view of fleet deployment network planning.
The merger will lead to a further increase in size. The merger will be the third largest liner company in the world, with a successful promotion to the first echelon. (2) Pierships complement each other, and operational costs will be further reduced: the Eastern Overseas and the Middle and Far Sea Control will have docks and
Merger operations, where complementarities are evident after consolidation, are expected to reduce costs further. (3) Mid- and Far-Group shipping services significantly reduce the costs of the East overseas: Mid- and Far-Age Group shipping operations: the entire shipping chain has layouts, integrated mid- and long-range group ship repair plants, container leasing, producers, manufacturers, etc.
Services such as ship agents can be shared with the East overseas. (4) Financial costs are lower, and overall financing costs abroad are lower than in the East than in the Middle and Far Sea.
This round 1.4 timespb buys a little more than the previous 1.3 times the value. But from the point of view of comparable trades in the industry, improvements in industry fundamentals, and convergence of synergies between the two, we believe that the acquisition price has improved significantly relative to the overall fundamentals of the clustering industry, breaking the profit/loss balance and performing with great elasticity.
(1) The first half of the year saw a surge in active capacity, a steady recovery in prices, a back-to-back validation of data, and a real improvement in demand. The first half of the year saw a 5.2% increase in active capacity and a steady recovery in the scfi index. The first half of the year saw a 1.2% increase in fleet capacity, a 4% decrease in idle capacity and a 4% increase in total active capacity.
5.2%, much higher than the 1.2% increase in capacity in 2016. The scfi index is relatively robust in the context of the increased capacity of the current round, compared to the previous significant increase in active capacity, from a temporary high of 971 points at the beginning of the year to 870 points in June.
10.88%, the highest increase since February 2015. Demand is growing faster than expected, and Clarkson has this year joined the East’s financial and intellectual boom in the Middle and Far Sea Control (601919) to buy the first Eastern Overseas Promotion Industry.
(2) There has been a significant decline in idle capacity and a significant reduction in the speed of transport during the second half of the year, with the season ending with the second half of the year when combined operational conditions or expectations have been higher. In the first half of the year, the combined power ring grew by 1.2%, idle capacity decreased from 7.1% to 2.5%, total active capacity increased by 5.2%, and idle capacity has been largely released. Table 1: Estimated synergies between the Eastern Overseas and Middle and Far Sea Controls (millions of United States dollars)
Table 2: Estimated co-benefits of industry comparable targets Table 3: Large increases in corporate shares of Euro-American lines following acquisition of Eastern overseas
Table 5: Liner valuation industry core data (collective shipment): Figure 1: 10 per cent recovery of national port throughput
Figure 2: A massive decline in the idle capacity of container ships, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the Middle and Far Sea Control (601919), the acquisition of the 1st Platoon of the Eastern Overseas Promotion Industry.
Figure 3: Illustrative capacity to release a significant increase in active capacity in the first half of 17 years Figure 4: High demand, high activity, and scf remained stable - idle capacity to release - change in total active capacity
Table 6: Transport acceleration forecast in 2017 (in 000teu): Lower pressure on delivery in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Middle Sea Control, 601919: Acquisition of the first Eastern Overseas Promotion Industry, Jung Yong-seok Steel.
In 2012, he was awarded the top 10 prizes for industrial research (third in the real estate sector).
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.