National gold foliage, urities, maritime ports.
Medium- and Far-Sea Control (601919.sh) Merger market volume price rises and size advantages drive single-box costs down Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
In the first half of 2017, the Middle and Far Seas managed to realize business income of 43.47 billion yuan, an increase of 39.53 per cent over the previous year: 1.863 billion yuan in net profits from shareholders in listed companies, and $7.17 billion in losses over the same period last year (adjusted)
After that, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was $750 million.
As a result of the restructuring of the company in March last year, the volume of business and the revenue from the route increased considerably in one quarter, and the supply-demand relationship improved with the slowdown in the supply of the aggregate market. We used only the second quarter as a reference.
Revenues are mainly from the trans-Pacific and Asia-Europe routes, both of which are shown as rising volumes; the second is a 22 per cent increase in the total volume of cargo on a quarterly basis; and the trans-Pacific route is 22 per cent on a year-on-year basis, sub-.
In the first half of the year, single-box revenue increased by 16%, including 6% for trans-Pacific and 33% for Asia and Europe. In other markets, there was a relatively large increase in container traffic, but in China there was a 3% decline in single-box revenue.
The fleet continued to grow in size, and the price of oil continued to fall in single-box costs as a result of the large increase in the company fleet and operations in the first half of the year, with the company ' s container capacity reaching 1.76 million markers as at 30 June. In large cases, the impact of size was significant, with single-box costs falling by 2.5 per cent in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis.
On the above side, the range costs associated with fuel prices account for 20 per cent of the total container transport costs, and the cost of this portion is higher because of a significant 62 per cent increase in fuel oil prices in the first half of the year over the same period, excluding this impact, and the cost optimization of the scale effect is more pronounced.
Global terminal operations, with a further increase in the strategic acquisition of the Eastern Overseas City: the company ' s share in the global container terminal industry reached 13% in 2016, ranking first in the world. In the first six months of the year, the company ' s port dock throughput increased by 11.8% compared to the previous year, with the offshore area throughput increasing by the same percentage.
The company continued to promote the global terminal layout, increasing its ownership of Qingdao Island in the first half of the year, acquiring the waterless port of Holgos East Gate, Kazakhstan, and the port of Panthnoatum in West. The company intends to buy the eastern overseas and, if the acquisition is successfully completed, the Middle and Far China Sea.
The size of the container fleet under control, including orders, will exceed 2.9 million standard boxes, and will reach the third largest in the world, with a further increase in city occupancy.
The slowdown in the supply of transport power in the industry and the recovery of trade and structural changes have led to a recovery in the clustering market in the first half of the year; we believe that the future upstream shipbuilding industry could tighten or support the mid-point of the clustering market. The corporate strategy is to buy the east overseas, and performance elasticity is further enhanced in the event of a recovery in the industry; companies are expected to grow.
(b) Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market:
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.