In the 2024 report, the forecast was: a steady increase in revenue collection, platformization, a sustained increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis, mainly affected by reduced investment earnings and higher investment in research and development: companies +54.71 per cent, mocvd equipment sales of about $380 million, compared to 18.1 per cent, lpcvd film equipment 2024
Some $156 million in sales. The significant increase in revenue was mainly due to the company’s high-end corrosion equipment delivery. q4 profitability was reduced by the increase in research and development inputs: 24q4 company revenues and gross profits forecast the gross etching product continued to lead the way and the plating product expanded well: (1) ccp equipment: 28nm in the logical field.
Most of the ccp etching applications and most of the ccm etching applications up to 28 nm form a more comprehensive coverage, and a large number of platforms have entered the international 5 nm and below logic; as of 2024 q3 3,800 stations have been delivered. In storage areas, ultra-high-wide etching machines have been identified on client-end 60:1 depth-wide structure.
Capable to successfully enter the 2d&3d storage chip production line. At the same time, the company is actively layoutd into ultra-low temperature etching technology with a polar reserve of 90:1 deep-wide corrosion technology. (2)icp device: primonovaicp installed cavity on the client for nearly three years, with more than 70% cagr, verifying push at advanced logic chips, dram and 3dnand lines.
In addition, the company’s tsv etching equipment has been used for advanced encapsulation.
The Division is developing an icp etching machine for the 5-3nm logic chip. (3) Mocvd device: Active layout of third generation semiconductor equipment, which has now taken the lead in the ggan-based equipment market, e.g., led, and has made good progress in the development of mocvd equipment in the micro-led domain.
China Micro Co. (688012): Tests conducted by leading clients in the semi-annual 2024 report. (4) membrane deposition equipment: the company's first cvd tungsten equipment was delivered to key points: orders continued to increase, platform-based layouts were increased
The storage of client-end validation assessments, the on-site validation of clients and the acquisition of customer duplicate production orders, the company-developed ald nitrogen-based titanium devices for high-end storage and logical devices are also steadily moving forward; the pi equipment has also been completed and the process certification of multiple advanced logical and mtm devices clients has been obtained and the customer's high level of approval has been obtained.
• Establishment of a Chengdu subsidiary to develop research and development and production of key equipment such as cvd, ald: the company plans to invest approximately $3.05 billion in the period 2025-2030 to establish a Chengdu subsidiary to build R & D centres, production bases, and support facilities. The project will be used mainly for research and development and production of cvd, ald and other critical equipment, and is expected to be used in the development and production of such equipment.
Annual sales will reach $1 billion in 2030.  Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2024-2026.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.