Source certificate, non-financial cover report
— China's lead in integrated circuit equipment, product innovation + high R & D investment promotion Investment rating: buy-in (first time) Business expansion, income and orders continue to grow
The company is dedicated to the development, production, and marketing of high end semiconductors and general semiconductors. The company is committed to providing advanced processing equipment and engineering for the global integrated circuit and the led chip manufacturer.
The company’s main product layouts include ccp capacitator plasma etching equipment, icp sensory plasma etching equipment, deep silicon etching equipment, membrane deposition equipment, and mocvd equipment. The etching equipment technology leads, and product innovation drives business-end expansion, with both revenues and volume growing in both ways.
The evolution of advanced production processes, the transfer of storage devices from 2d to 3d structures, the significant increase in the strategic position and demand of the core equipment in the market as a semiconductor, and the significant benefit of the medium-sized as the domestic lead in the supply of etching equipment. In logical chip manufacturing, the 12-inch high-end etching equipment developed by the company continues to be captured.
Internationally and internationally, orders from well-known customers have been made from 65 nanometres to 5 nanometres and more advanced technological nodes. Large amounts of output: in the chip manufacturing chain, the company’s plasma etching equipment has been used extensively for the production of advanced three-dimensional flash and dynamic random storage devices. The company is committed to providing ultra-deep widths compared to the mask (#40:1) and super-high.
A full set of solutions for deep-wide medium etching (#60:1) has been developed accordingly, with an icp carving with ultra-low-frequency spectrometers for ultra-high-high-band spectrometer etchings, and a ccp carving machine with ultra-low-frequency high-frequency fractal radio frequency for ultra-high-wide module etchings. Both devices have been validated successfully and are entering mass production.
In the first half of 2024, the company paid more than 700 ccp etching equipment, more than the entire year 2023, and by June 2024, the company delivered more than 3,600 ccp etching units. With respect to the icp etching equipment, the product of the Primonanovač has been loaded for nearly three years with a capr.
The development of icp etching equipment for the manufacture of 5-3 nanologic chips is expected to drive firm orders in the advanced production areas, the accelerated refinement of the film equipment product matrix and the continued growth of the scale of the orders. The company now has a number of new equipment products on the market, some of which have received duplicate orders, and several other key film deposition equipment development projects.
The company’s tungsten series of tungsten-film deposition products cover all tungsten applications and has completed multiple logical and storage customer validations of cvd/har/aldw tungsten equipment and obtained client orders. The company has already made plans for the allocation of extra cvd and ald equipment to increase coverage of the tungsten equipment and further market expansion.
The distribution of epi equipment has successfully entered the client validation phase to meet the electrical and reliability needs of the silicon outgrowth process in the client’s advanced process. According to the company’s annual performance forecast for 2024, the company achieved the initial sale of the rpcvd equipment in 2024, with a cumulative output of over 100 response stations, with an estimated 156 million equipment sold throughout the year.
We are looking forward to the company’s continuing breakthrough in the field of membrane sedimentation equipment, which, supported by continued high-intensity research and development, is expected to continue to grow at a high level of performance and orders.
Domestic and foreign semiconductor industries have continued to flourish, and microprocessors demand strong enabling companies have grown. According to Semi, global investments in 300 mm crystal mill equipment are expected to reach $400 billion a year, of which logic and micro are about the same amount.
US$ 173 billion, with investments in the storage sector exceeding US$ 120 billion. Continental China is expected to maintain its top position in global spending on 300 mm equipment by 2027, and will invest more than US$ 100 billion over the next three years. Continental China is the world’s largest market for integrated circuit equipment.
The global market accounted for approximately 34.4 per cent of the total, with Semi predicting that China could reach $49 billion in 2024, while the global volume rose to 43.4 per cent, while, according to gartner data, a total of 171 new production lines were built throughout the period from 2018 to 2025, with 74 seats on mainland China, with market expansion and increased capacity.
The company, as a domestic etching plant leader, accumulates a leading pool of expertise and patents in corrosion machines and membrane equipment, and is expected to continue to invest in the development of early deployment industries, large-scale industrial applications of corrosion equipment and membrane-seding equipment products, expands the company’s product coverage advantage and drives the product market to increase.
The core source is a comparable company, with an average value of 115.1 times that of a comparable company in 2024. Given the company's leading position in the area of integrated circuit etching, corrosion of equipment, rapid breakthroughs in the area of film deposition, high-intensity R & D expenditure and high-speed steady growth in performance, for the first time covered, with a “buy-in” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.