A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
SF Holding (002352 CH)
BUY (Up)
Green shoots of recovery seen; Upgrade to BUY
Target Price
RMB46.53
(Previous TP
RMB36.63)
Up/Downside
+17.5%
SF posted revenue/ adj. net profit increase of 20%/ 25% YoY in 2Q19, driven by
Current Price
RMB39.60
1) accelerated volume growth backed by new preferential services and 2)
rigorous cost control. We believe most of negatives have been reflected in current
China Express Delivery Sector
price, and expect 1) solid business presence in various new initiatives and 2)
steady volume growth to boost further growth afterwards. We raised FY19/20E
Gary Pang
adj. EPS by 8%/7%, and upgraded it to BUY with TP of RMB46.53, representing
39x/33x FY19/20E P/E.
Bottom-line beat in 2Q19. Since new business progressed robustly and
Stock Data
volume growth recovered moderately in Jun, revenue increased 19% YoY,
in line with our est. Adj. net profit reached RMB1,494mn (+25% YoY), 16%
higher than our est, due to 1) improved loading rate and 2) continued cost
cuts. Looking into 2H19E, we expect volume growth recovery to continue
backed by 1) share gain in mid/low-end market and 2) further penetration
into fresh products and upmarket categories.
Shareholding Structure
Bullish on new initiatives. As pioneer in new business initiatives, SF
progressed significantly through consistent heavy investment and close
cooperation with global logistics giants (e.g. DHL). Revenue contribution
from new business (cold chain, heavy cargo, supply chain and etc.) shot up
Share Performance
from 16% in 1H18 to 24% in 1H19. Going forward, we believe SF's first-
mover advantages will be better recognized in view of 1) brand recognition
among enterprise customers, 2) economies of scale and 3) increasing entry
barriers, against the backdrop of other major peers rushing to expand
Source: Bloomberg
presence in those fields under LT growth pressure.
12-mth Price Performance
Ample cash reserve to fuel Capex. We expect Capex to be RMB11bn/
RMB13bn in FY19/20E mainly for warehouses and civil airport. Recently
CSRC approved SF to issue CB as much as RMB5.8bn, and we believe it
would help mitigate the Company's financial pressure in NT. After financing,
we forecast the cash on hand will be amounted to RMB19bn by End -FY19.
If fully converted, the bond would dilute common shares by less than 3%, in
our estimate.
Upgraded to BUY with TP of RMB46.53. We lifted our FY19-21E adj. EPS
Source: Bloomberg
by 6-8% to reflect our upbeat outlook on volume recovery and new business.
Therefore, we upgraded it to BUY and raised TP to RMB46.53, based on
Auditor: PwC
33x FY20E P/E (roll-over from previous 33x FY19E P/E).
Related Reports
China Exp Delivery: YTO likely to fall
SF Holding: Embattled giant hardly
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: State Post Bureau, Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 5: 2Q19 results overview
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Our FY19-21E EPS are 2-5% above consensus
Considering better-than-expected volume recovery and margin expansion, we revised up
FY19-21E adj. EPS by 6-8%. Our FY19-21E adj EPS are slightly above consensus, due to
our more positive outlook on profitability and new business.
Figure 6: CMBI Earnings forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Upgraded to BUY with TP of RMB46.53 (17.5% upside)
Our new 12-month TP of RMB46.53 is based on rolled-over 33x FY20E P/E. We estimate
33% EPS FY18-20E CAGR, due to 1) 22% revenue CAGR and 2) upbeat margins as a
result of better loading rate and solid cost control. We upgrade the Company to BUY due
to our upward revise on FY19-21E adj. EPS and multiple roll-over.
Key risks include 1) slower-than-expected e-commerce growth, and 2) greater-than-
expected ASP decline.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives.
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.