Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, 31 31 October, 31 October, 31 October 2017
Incidents: Heconway released a performance report for the first three quarters of 2017. Yang Minghui has maintained a steady growth and the ai video analysis tap is now in place.
Heconway released a performance report for the first three quarters of 2017, and the company achieved a business start in the first three quarters, with a 27.51% growth and a 57.98% increase in the ring. The company’s profit rate continued to rise steadily, with a single-quarter sales rate.
Corporate business indicators have increased in the last three quarters of the year. At the industry level, after the first two years of shuffling and anti-corruption, the video surveillance industry has warmed up this year, and companies have expanded well in emerging markets abroad, such as India and Africa. At the corporate level, Heikang is already at one.
In addition to video surveillance, the company expands its business based on the powerful power of video image analysis processing, and has achieved the layout of three major areas: smart households, smart robots, and smart cars.
We believe that Heaconway has demonstrated clear managerial, technological, marketing and scale advantages, along with overseas markets at home, and that three new businesses will add new dynamism to the company’s development. Future companies will have three dimensions: smart algorithms, smart cameras, and dedicated servers.
The most important technological component of the i-era is cloud computing, because it allows for resource sharing and allowing the plan to be shared.
Agility is more flexible, but it will also cause disadvantages such as high delay, high power consumption, low bandwidth efficiency, and low reliability. To address these problems, a new pattern of margin computing has emerged that integrates deep learning algorithms into front-end cameras and integrates them into cameras such as gpu, fpga, etc.
Chips that allow cameras to analyse, recognize, cut and compress video files effectively reduce the cost of transmission and storage of video files and maximize efficiency. The current cloud margin combination is also a major trend in video surveillance in the 'i' era.
The company has been working for years on the ai side, taking into account cloud computing as early as 2009 when it developed the accelerator, and has chosen to add independent computing capabilities to the front end of the camera because of the delay. The company has now integrated deep learning algorithms into the cameras, such as license plate recognition and face recognition.
1. Heconway View: Building on its own core competition has been achieved at the front end and analysed to transfer a very low quantitative coefficient to the back end, thereby mitigating the power and providing a comprehensive layout of the big picture.
Bandwidth and storage pressure. At present, the company has a significant advantage in the ai algorithm. In 2015, the company released a structured server, last year released a front-end product based on an in-depth study of the ai, and applied the system.
With respect to hardware, it is expected that the company will be able to perform analytical calculations like feature processing with a dedicated ic over the next two to three years to meet better performance, lower productivity, and higher productivity.
The future company will follow this path and promote a sense of front, and the business will continue to flourish, and the layout will be intelligent.
We believe that the company’s video surveillance backbone is robust, growing profitability, and is at the forefront of the industry’s intelligent transformation process.
The biggest beneficiaries of video surveillance intelligence. At the same time, companies are deploying new business on the basis of Toyoi technology, and new business lines are developing rapidly, with companies issuing long-term risks of technological substitution in the process of intelligence; the risk of a slowdown in domestic market demand; the failure of overseas market marketing systems to meet the expected risks; and the risk of losses due to greater uncertainty in new business.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board