High profile of the electronics industry, exceeding expectations, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by companies in 2017, 27.730 million yuan in operating income in the first three quarters, an increase of 31.1 per cent in the same year, 6.68 billion yuan in operating profits, an increase of 51.3 per cent in the same year, 6.15 billion yuan in net profit for mothers, an increase of 26.8 per cent in the same year, $6.01 billion in net profit for non-mothers, an increase of 27.3 per cent in the same year, and $11.28 billion in operating income in the third quarter.
• High industry, with company Māori rising continuously: According to the three-quarters report, the company's performance grew robustly, at a slightly higher rate than the industry, and slightly higher than expected. The Māori rate reached 44.2% in the previous three quarters, an increase of 2.6 points in the same period.
Financial costs have also increased considerably as a result of higher R & D inputs, which rose by 34.7 per cent from the same year, the appreciation of the renminbi and the loss of exchange, which has led to a greater increase in financial costs, with overall net interest rates down 0.9 percentage points from the same year; first, R & D maintains high inputs: companies have made significant efforts to develop artificially intelligent products and applications while moving upstream in the industrial chain.
The company’s income from overseas operations has continued to increase, with a sustained increase in non-refrigerated infrared, radar, etc., and storage inputs to support the expansion and extension of the public sector’s products and solutions.
Māori is higher than domestic, and corporate products are sold to various parts of the world. Companies now have 25 local support services and brand visibilitys outside the country.
Innovative business is growing faster: the company's innovative business is working, supported by the traditional video surveillance industry, and continues to expand innovative business such as the Amphibious Homes, the Haikang Robots, the Haikang Automobile Technology, and the Haikang Storage to build core competitiveness in new areas of business. As of the end of 2016, the Ammon platform has been downloaded.
After more than 10 million and 60 per cent of a month, it's already on a certain scale; companies are actively deployed in the area of machine vision, mobile machines, and industrial drones: in 2016, in the electronic area of Haikang's official motor vehicle, subsidiary operations were consolidated and incorporated into the assets of the Smart Motors Department of China and Haikang and the Hekangxi Pastor.
A 100% shareholding, which continues to strengthen the layout in the electronics sector of automobiles. While the profit share of revenue from innovation is still small, it is expected that the future will provide greater elasticity as business expands.
New business dynamic, al+ Results Lead Industry (2017-04-14)
(2017-03-24) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.