Jung-tae Electric (601877.sz) Song Qiu-mei has performed well and the main station is operating optimally.
The company issued the 2018 quarterly report, which generated business income of $19.110 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 19.92 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net return to the mother of $2.790 billion, an increase of 41.79 per cent. The company’s photovoltaic power plant structure did not stem from the company’s active outreach channels, with an increase in the share of medium- and high-end products.
Net profits increased by 42 per cent and the Māori rate and three fees were almost equal: the company achieved operating income of RMB 191 billion in the first three quarters, representing an increase of 19.92 per cent, a net return to the mother of RMB 2.790 billion, representing an increase of 41.79 per cent, and the company of RMB 7,208 million in the first quarter, representing an increase of 19.52 per cent and a net return to the mother of the company.
The product mix period is reduced by 12mw, but the layout continues to be optimized. Distributed power plants account for 47.60%, a significant increase of 21.6 pct over the same period last year. Also, centralized power stations are reduced in Gansu, Ningxia, and so on.
The main low-pressure appliances perform well: the company’s primary low-pressure appliances perform steadily up, and the institutional investors account for the share of circulation a in the first half of the year.
Business achieved revenue of $7.83 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the same period, mainly due to positive corporate outreach, with the share of high-end and medium-end products rising. The new product, Kunlun, has grown rapidly at the upper end, growing by 136 per cent in the first half of the year and now accounts for about 30 per cent of low-pressure products, while low-pressure operations have grown by 51 per cent abroad, with rapid growth being the main factor.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.