JUNG & T (601877): Photovoltaic plate running well, industry incident: three-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2018, with continued high performance in the third quarter.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company realized 19.11 billion yuan, compared to 19.92 per cent in the previous quarter; the net profit from the mother's return was robust, with a significant increase in the distribution ratio, according to data published by the company on the operation of the photovoltaic power station in the first three quarters of 2018, by the third quarter of 2018.
The total revenue from PV was 1,569 million yuan, an increase of 10.63 per cent. By the end of the third quarter, the size of the PV was 1932mw. There had been a marked change in the structure of the company ' s power stations, with a marked increase in the number of distributed power stations, which accounted for 47.60 per cent of the total number of distributed power stations at the end of the third quarter of 2018, compared to last year ' s.
In the same period, there was an increase of 21.58 pct. The dual industry of “low-pressure appliances + new photovoltaic energy” achieves multiple advantages and complementarities \diamond
At the end of 2016, the company completed the acquisition of new energy sources in the city, forming a two-tier "low-voltage appliances plus new sources of light voltage" industry. In the future, the company will actively take advantage of the opportunity to switch and release electricity, participate in the sale of electricity, and build a collection of new energy sources for power generation, distribution, distribution, and use of electricity.
Regional microgrids to transform business models; active development of terrestrial photovoltaic power stations, with a strong industrial and household photovoltaic systems, with full participation in the user-side distributed power market; development of energy Internet platforms that integrate and synergize industrial chain resources for photovoltaic power generation and electrical manufacturing.
We're talking about the risk of uncertainty in the domestic photovoltaic policy, slowing down the distribution rate, slowing down the low-pressure electrical rate, and the Institute's sales team.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.