On August 31, Xu's semi-annual financial report for 2017 was published and realized by the company during the reporting period.
Operating income amounted to $14,441 million, an increase of 77.44 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the net shareholdings of listed companies were very healthy, and the increase in receivables was kept within 7 per cent of the increase in operating income, resulting in a net operating cash flow of $1.67 billion, an increase of 210.19 per cent.
In 2017, the engineering and machinery industry recovered from its continuing depression of more than five years, and the industry has turned around.
The three traditional hosts of the Division continued to function, with the first half of 2017, when the sales of wheel cranes increased one-fold over the same period, and the market for track cranes increased significantly.
The company has been expanding its overseas markets for many years, with a network of distributors covering the Americas, Europe, Africa, and South-East Asia, and through the creation of Xu-Tuan Brazil to create an active South American market. According to national customs data, the export of Xu's main aircraft and self-exports in the first half of 2017 were among the top domestic brands in the industry.
In Central Asia and the Pacific, sales have doubled in six months of the year, with a significant increase in export earnings from national markets over the same period, with a sharper increase in export earnings from the African region, as well as a doubling of exports of products such as hangers, dredging rigs, level-directed drills and towers and concrete blending stations exported for the parent company.
At the same time, the company’s emerging product plates are growing rapidly. The stump machinery in the lead industry continues to accelerate, s07905170001.
The market share for both the diamond rigs and the targeted drills was more than 40 per cent; the sales of sanitation equipment increased by nearly 60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the combined market holding steady at the top three; and the overall market share for the cranes reached 56 per cent: the high-level fire truck market was stable at the top of the industry.
The company is expected to grow resiliently in a context where the entire industry of engineering and machinery is at a standstill. It is expected that the 5th floor of Urban Gate B will produce this report independently and objectively, with a diligent and professional attitude, with a professional qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
(a) In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.