The company issued its semi-annual performance forecast for 2017 to realize a net return profit of $500-600 million, a year-on-year increase in demand, combined with incentives such as one-way trip, and a more definite improvement in the basics;2
With the modest size of the workforce and capacity maintained during the period of the industry, rapid response, catch-up and market share have increased. Quality improvements in the industry, with high growth in crane sales, are expected to continue in the short term.
The improvement in corporate profitability is highly correlated with the recovery of the industry cycle, and the growth in corporate crane sales is driven by the following factors: (1) inventory clearing.
About 85,000 heavy machines, with different product upgrades in the field of super-applications, will further increase demand for replacements in the future; (3) all the way. Currently, the overseas economy is recovering, and the “all the way” is steadily moving forward, changing demand from the global engineering and machinery industry.
To improve the layout, join the giants or open up a new profit model for the company The shareholders are China's Hua Xin energy, and overseas resources are strong, and will be synergized with the company's resources, which will facilitate the acquisition of international orders: (2) High-end equipment and large-scale environmental industry projects will enrich the company's product lines: (3) Indian manufacturing base
Land projects will create a solid foundation for companies to activate the market, further radiate areas such as South-East Asia and the Middle East in Indian markets; and (4) accelerate the deployment of industrial Internet projects. Big players like Xu Xu, who joined forces with Ali Baba, build a Chinese version of the Predix platform, and create new profit models such as post-market services for companies.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals. We believe that, in a strong environment of steady growth, capital-related equipment companies are continuing this round of growth, which is expected to be 23.4 times higher, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Ppp fell short of expectations; domestic liquidity contracted further: the “one-way” overseas is influenced by international politics, 1. “Su Engineering Machine (000425) Deep: Cycle Recovery” 2. “One of the research considerations in the engineering and machinery industry: from second hand”
Liu Zhenwoo, head of the large machinery team, undergraduate degree and master's degree in material science at Beijing University of Science and Technology.
There are solid theoretical foundations and research experience in areas such as automation, 3d printing, engineering machinery, and basic materials. Ying Yang, assistant in mechanical research, undergraduate and master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University School of Economics, three years of experience in financial and media work, tracking the new energy automobile industry chain, and the mechanical industry, which joined in 2016.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence.