The same year-on-year decline in performance and the increase in the shareholding confidence in development \triangleright > q2 performances have been held back by weak overseas demand, but the same decline is a sign of recovery.
There is a tendency to return to normal business levels, as does the stock of dealers. Holdings have increased their shareholdings, reflecting the company’s growing confidence.
\triangleright highlights the high level of managerial recognition of the future prospects of the industry and the company, which are expected to contribute to the long-term health of the company.
One continues to empower Microsoft, and the company as the core partner of the teams has wide scope. 200 million network (300628.sz) performance forecast for 2022.
On 19 July, theverge reported that ms3650copilot had been priced at $30 (additional per user per month for further consolidation - 2023/01/14), which was nearly 2.4 times higher than ms3665businessstandard, compared to m3665e3
As a long-term gold partner for Microsoft Teams, the company works on ai audio and video.
The conference scene, which was developed jointly with Microsoft for more than two years and will soon be on the market for more than 360 degrees of a panoramic smart camera, smartvsion60, is expected to highlight the competitiveness and pre-eminence of the products in the ai technology.
Foreign demand is still strong and the profit from the exchange rate is higher than the profit from the investment proposal: companies insist on product R & D inputs and actively optimize channel management and internal governance. Consider the sea \triangleright
Mid-2022/10/14 500 million network (300628.sz) reported mid-2022: macroeconomic volatility unchanged high corporate communications, h2 performance
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.