h1 Performance short-term pressure on R & D investment to increase competition - Bi-annual report of the BFW company published its semi-annual performance report for 2023: h1 in 2023, the company achieved business income of 2,044 million yuan.
Cao Xuant reported a slightly lower performance than we had previously expected, with a decline in revenue and net profit, mainly due to a certain volatility in demand in the sector due to weak macro-economic trends and a decline in corporate performance in comparison to previous expectations.
Zhang Jianyu maintained an investment in costs under a business income burden of H1 in 2023, with an increase of 17.71 per cent in R & D.
Despite the short-term adverse economic climate, the global business digitalization transition and the upgrading of the quality of business communications are inevitable trends in the long run. Companies will respond positively to changes in the external environment, with competitiveness at their core, with high-quality development in the medium to long term.
Three product lines are moving in tandem, and the sustained promotion of new products will provide the basis for subsequent business development. The conference product will generate $628 million, an increase of 0.17% from the same year.
Three generations of audio-visual equipment have a stronger competitive advantage: the cloud office terminal has generated $155 million, a 19.26 per cent decline in the same year. The company has completely upgraded the bh series, Bluetooth Business Headphones, consolidated the competitiveness of the uh and wh earpieces, and continuously refined the product matrix and product matrix.
The desktop communications terminal generated $1,255 million, a 17.32 per cent decline over the same period. Over the same period in the past year, the median desktop communications increased more than expected, making this year ' s year-on-year growth challenging.
Stocktaking - Short year-round steady business growth with no pressure, Increased industry competition has led to a loss in corporate Māori rates; downstream industry penetration is less than expected to affect company operations 2023-04
Growth rate; offshore macro-recessions have led to less than expected business growth.
Zhang Jianyu, a master of engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for years in the ict industry, joined the Port of Shin securities in November 2021 as his research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
S.S.S. (S.A.) is an institution that has the legal qualification of a securities investment consulting business. The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement. He should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of his own investment, and any investment decisions and resources made by the investor on that basis.