Qingdao beers (600600) food beverages have a clear short-term burden and structural upgrading continues to drive the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Three-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2021 resulted in 26.770 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period; and a net return to the mother of 3.61 billion yuan, an increase of 21.3 per cent over the same year, of which 21q3 received $8.48 billion, a decrease of 3 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 1.2 billion yuan, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period, q3 which was in line with expectations.
Short-term pressure and structural upgrading are continuing. In the first three quarters, companies achieved 7.082 million tons of beer sales, an increase of 2% over the previous three quarters, of which q3 recorded 2,312,000 tons, a decline of 8.8% compared to the previous quarter, and were subjected to less hot weather during the summer, as well as frequent outbreaks that damaged current drinking channels, among other things.
The short-term pressure on the company’s sales is clear. By grade, Qingjia’s brand achieved 3.7840 million sales, an increase of 13.1 per cent, while other brands achieved 32.98 million sales, a decline of 8.3 per cent, and product structure upgrades continued, with sales of major brands increasing by 5.2 pp to 53.4 per cent compared to the same year.
The sales are expected to reach 150,000 tons: Aoshima Junjia has experienced a slight decline in the three quarters of life, and sales are expected to remain above 1 million tons a year. New high-end energy continues to be released, high-end and low-end product upgrades are performed well, corporate profits and raw material costs continue to rise, and profitability has increased slightly. 21q3 has a Māori ratio of 43.7%, compared to the previous year.
On the one hand, the price of raw materials, such as barley and package materials, has continued to rise, and on the other hand, sales have declined, resulting in lower fixed-cost spreads and clear cost-side pressure; on the other hand, the sales of medium- and high-end beer have continued to rise, opening up the company’s profit margins for high-value products.
In terms of rates, companies have taken the initiative to control the cost of spending and streamline channel costs, with sales rates falling by 0.1 to 16.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis; management rates have increased by 0.5 to 4.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Helping companies to ease cost-side pressures and further increase profitability. 2) Companies are steadily moving towards higher product structures, with a smooth upgrade from low-end brands to middle-end classics and high-end beer markets, and a smooth upgrading of product structures will release significant performance elasticities.
3) Optimization of production capacity continues, while unit production costs are reduced and the tank rate is rising, protecting companies from steady growth in their long-term performance. 1. Qingdao Beer (60000): The main brand is growing rapidly.
National expansion acceleration (2021-08-26) Qingdao beer (60000): 100-year-old beverages rain, structural upgrades take advantage of wind break (2021-06-22)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.