Qingdao beer (600,600): product structure continues to be optimized, q3 sales are under short-term pressure. Quarterly report 2021 was issued on 1 November 2021. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income
26,771 million yuan, or 9.62 per cent more than the previous year; optimized net-efficiency product structure attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, resulting in a substantial increase in volume value. The trend of renewed growth in the first half of the year has been continued, with companies making use of brand and quality advantages and accelerating the promotion of brand optimization and improvement.
The product structure was upgraded to a total of 7082,000 litres in the previous three quarters, an increase of 2.0 per cent, with the main brand Qingjia beer selling 3.784,000 litres, an increase of 13.1 per cent, and the price of ton alcohol increasing from $7.45 to $3780 per ton.
Quarterly sales amounted to 231.2 million litres, a decrease of 8.8% over the same period, mainly as a result of sudden outbreaks across the country, which were compounded by a high base following the resumption of the epidemic during the same period last year. The period was well controlled, with a steady increase in the Māori rate/net interest rate.
Debt instruments, such as structured deposits, financial instruments, whose returns are accounted for by fair values, changing earnings, investment returns.
• The future of the company. (1) The company continues to actively pursue its brand strategy of Qingdao Beer Masters + Yayama Beers 2nd and continuously optimizes its product structure. (2) The company is expected to achieve managerial efficiency by accelerating the digital transformation and increasing synergies
Continued optimization: (3) companies take advantage of the network ' s presence in major markets across the country and are proactive in opening up domestic and foreign markets; (4) are forced to keep prices of raw materials high and industry price increases are expected to be achieved ahead of schedule, helping to ease cost pressures,
Considering the position of corporate industry leaders, high-end products have the potential to maintain a “recommended” investment rating. Qualifications. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.