Looking back at the past glory of the ocean river and the current uplifting, in-depth study/food beverages industry, 15 September 2020.
What makes the ocean’s past brilliant? The ocean’s roots are in products, the ocean’s development is driven by a strong ability to learn, and the ocean’s development is a catalyst for corporate flexibility.
• Looking back at the glorious course of the ocean river from three angles, the highest/minimum in almost 12 months, from a brand perspective: the ocean river song, as an old wine, failed to sustain the development of the ocean's new century, and the company rolled out Blue.
The classic series, which is the first and softest way out of the fragrance, in the course of product development, the river focuses on the construction of the internal product structure, the cultural content of the product, the ongoing fragmentation of the internal product, and the third in the brand value industry. From the point of view of the channel: the company used the "1+1" model of co-construction to capture the channel initiative, at different times.
The main contradiction is that in the early years, the mid-plate and the 4x3 actively took control of the terminal, and then went on to buy it and then to distribute it in depth. From an institutional point of view: the company changed the system twice to release the institutional dynamism and tied the interests of the parties through the depth of the stock holdings of the employees and the distributors.
• Looking at the current ups and downs of the ocean river from the point of view of the industry track: unlike the early days, when the next high-end rises again, the price belt expands with a definite characterization, and the ocean river, as the representative firm of the sub-high-end white wine, benefits from the development dividend by creating a sub-high-end monolith.
From a product point of view: Ocean Rivers in time to launch Dream Blue 6+, achieved: 1) lead the way in setting up the 600-dollar price belt; 2) continue the life cycle of the “Blue Classic” series of products; 3) open the way to future high-end development.
Changed to a new channel model of “one-size-fits-all, multi-business” to build new types of business relationships. From a personnel and institutional point of view: Liu has returned to China, where Liu’s vast experience has dominated the transformation of the company; the repurchase of shares by the public administration is intended to be used for new equity incentives, giving sufficient incentives to current management and cadres to enable them to move out of adjustment as quickly as possible.
By comparing the changes in the valuation of the ocean river with the recalculation, we find that the core of the valuation of the ocean river is its growth, that the future transition of the ocean river s01051901004 completes out of the valley and that the ocean river is expected to be revalued with firm growth and performance certainty.
In view of the initial results of the company's initiative to clean up the pipeline, the mid-point assessment: the adjustment is nearing completion and looks forward to the second half of the year.
Long-term growth remains optimistic, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Ocean River shares (002.04) reported in 2019 and industry sales recovered less than expected, corporate reforms were less advanced and effective, food safety risks, etc.
Quarterly 2020: Active stock movement, nearing the end of the epidemic, is expected to recover.
Quote: Active access to the channel stock has borne fruit, first of all, the greatness of the river: good wine, well known for its roots in products, strong brands and unique fragrances have made the river emerge from the white industry.
The driving force behind ocean river development is a strong ability to learn, accept and promote market-friendly marketing and channel models quickly, choose the most appropriate model and move in the right direction; the catalyst for ocean river development is the spirit of the corporate system.
(i) In terms of brands and products, the sea river's glorious journey,1 the mountains, the water, the good wine, the good wine, the good wine of the world, the wine of the ocean, which began with the Tang and flourished in Ming Qing. During Ming Dynasty, the local sorghums of the river were improved, with rice and rice.
The sorghum and sorghum are used as raw materials, with barley and wheat made with the water of the local sweet springs of the Fairy People's Springs, and the wine of the river is glorified in the south, and the wine of the river is known for its uniqueness. Unlike the smelt of the main river, which is known as the smell of the river's fragrance.
After the formation of the new China, the river embraced new opportunities. The government allocated funds to consolidate several local private brewerys, the former state-owned ocean river wine factory was formally established, companies were on track to operate, and the investment in the expansion of production was needed for the long-term development of the river.
Since 1972, at the Third National Wine Review Conference, which was unprecedented in its size, standards and historical significance, the River has jumped to the top of China's eight highest scores, and has achieved a “three crowns” after which the honours of the products that followed have made the oceanic song “Sweet entrances, loose mouths, soft wines, clean tails, reminiscent fragrances” uniquely radiant.
In the early 1990s and the early 20s, industrial unrest and strategic failure pre-empted development. After the mid-1990s, the multifactorial changes led to the cooling of industrial development.
In 1998, the Ministry of Finance imposed strict controls on operating hospitality expenses, and in 1999 it established that no more than four items should be advertised in gold: 4) Food safety: consumer concerns about the quality of white wine products were raised in the 1998 Shanxishaw sham case; (5) Industry channels: after the liberalization of price controls in the country since 1988, the state-run sugar company, which used to buy all-out wines, was gradually expanding.
During this period, the ocean has been negligent in terms of branding and product strategy, owing essentially to the company’s failure to move from the previously mono-purchased “sales market” to market-oriented “buyer market” thinking. The ocean has made the following mistakes at the strategic level: 1)
For a period of time, the role of brands in the company's long-term development has been overlooked. The industry's thinking of “good county governors, good wine factories” has influenced the company's interest in tax revenues, but it has not fully recognized the importance of preserving the influence of the "Big Eight Wine" brand; 2) price strategy failures. After the country liberalized its price regulations, the prices of the top eight wines and the five-grain fluids rose.
In 1998, the price of five grains sold was more than $200, while the price of the river was more than $20 and the brand power was high; 3) the amount sold was equal to the brand. The company’s ability to sell the redundant product line diluted the capacity of the river’s products, and the profitability of the monolith was deteriorating.
Figure 2: Average income from ocean river monolithic products, 1996-2002 (in ten thousand yuan)3
In synthesizing the features of the ocean's big, big product, the company is keenly aware that the river should jump out of the fragrance of strong perfumes, sauces, and white wine, and focus on the "smells" in the "smells." Through a taste test of 4325 people and a post-drinking comfort test of 2315, the company has solved the problem of drinking uncomfort at the technical level.
The Ocean River focuses heavily on enriching the content of the Blue Classic series. The company is well aware that the Ocean River is no longer a catch-up for the development of the New Age, and is keen to develop new products with the classic ad.
The sea, more than the sea, is the sky, bigger than the sky, is the man's love, and the white wine has been transformed from a stereotyped model of historical culture to a cultural content of products, supported by bottled and yellow colours that are different from the traditional white wine, and the blue and sky have opened the market quickly from the very beginning of the market.
After China’s economic development entered the investment-driven high-growth model, the ocean’s river captured economic development and market dynamics to improve the product mix.
The blues of dreams, in their content, have transformed the blues of dreams into m1, m3, m6 and m9, with a multipriced and accurate sniping of consumption demand. The river has captured the opportunities of the “4 trillion” investment to drive the development of real-estate wine.
Artisanal classes for new hand-made products, leapfroging into the high-end alcohol industry, taking on the interface between m6 and m9 consumption, followed by the launch of the manual class buy-back programme, which pushed up product prices and shouldered with m9 and reinforced the high-end drinking station; 2019: once again, companies added code to the secondary-end, fully upgraded the original m6 product and rolled out the m6+enhanced 600 price belt, with the expectation that it would grow to this high level.
Figure 3: GDP growth in 2002-2018 (Billions of Dollars)
4. The pattern of products follows consumption trends, and the ocean brand values have stabilized in the top three branches of the industry, and the product price system has been built, interconnecting within a series of products, with clear thinking on the development of the main sub-brand. The blue classic series has contributed more than 75% of the company’s revenue, accounting for about 33% of sales.
The "Colour Classics" series, which is interlocking with the price chain heights and the internal sea/day/dream series, has been broken down again to fine-tune sub-top to top-end consumers, leading consumption to higher-level products in consumer development. After buying two ditches in 2010, the two ditches and the ocean river traverse jointly take on the clothes of the old wine, and the two ditches are located relatively low, making up for the ocean river's empty prices.
With the success of the "Blue Classic" of the Ocean River, the ocean brand is the third highest in the industry. In the process of rapid development, the ocean brand has gained market recognition and brand values. According to Brandfinance's 2019 assessment of the value of the world's wine brand, the ocean is ranked third in the world at $9.06 billion in brand value, while other multi-colour brand values are ranked in the middle of the world.
The river also came third, preserving the company's brand name as the "Big Eight Wine". (ii) The ocean's glorious journey from the point of view of channels and marketing.1 and 1989-2001: the era of monopolization, large circulation and terminal victory, where the ocean was active.
In the economic planning era, the river was bought and sold by the local state-owned sugar and wine company, and the river was in short supply on the market. Under this mode, the river was responsible only for production and did not have to carry out any development and maintenance work. With the opening up of the market economy, the planned economy was gradually replaced by the decentralization of the local state-owned sugar and wine company and the dissolution of the local wine company.
At the end of the 1990’s, the Ocean River actively explored market-based modes of operation, gradually diluted a single channel for sugar and wine companies, began to focus on the company’s ability to extend to end-use and end-marketing, and in 1999 it proposed a strategy of “extension to two end-uses.”
Active marketing networks focused on product market coverage and occupancy, with clear market-based reform intentions.2 2002-2012: Efficient management of core consumers is fundamental to the “ocean current” (1) channel cooperation model: 1+1 manufacturer co-builds and risk-sharing benefits
The Ocean River’s “1+1” model of co-production is the product of a successful rejuvenation of real-estate wine in the context of the economic market’s initial high circulation. The Ocean River is unable to find new distributors and systems that can fully replicate the company’s independent operation, mainly because: 1) the products are highly competitive and lack the capacity of the product leads to a lack of confidence in the channel.
The new product, the "Blue Classic" , is becoming thinner, but it still needs to be nurtured, with a lack of confidence in product promotion in competitions among the country's branded wines; 2) the distributors are not well-developed, the overall level is lower than that of the manufacturer, the river does not want to leave it to the distributors to manage it. When the sugar company is dissolved, it goes into a phase of circulation of white wine, and the dealer's quality is not satisfactory.
The ocean river, as a local wine company, has a strong brand name and influence in Jiangsu province, leaving the channel entirely to distributors, leading to “soft” communication between the ocean river and the province’s opinion leaders.
Power cannot be exercised. Compared to the prevailing “big business model” and “1+1 manufacturer co-construction model”, the advantage of “1+1 manufacturer co-construction model” is to: 1) harness the dynamism of the plant’s management and combine the work of the distributors, driven by marketization; 2) flat- levelling structures are easy to achieve.
The market for farming, with the influence of the ocean river as the eight most famous wine in Jiangsu province; 3) the creation of powerful channels to control and enhance the confidence of the channel and speed up the process of importing the "Blue Classic" series of products. Meanwhile, the "1+1 Co-building Model" saves the distributor's spending on marketing personnel and the corresponding costs, and the distributor only needs to use his own money to raise and store the goods.
Accompanied after-sales services, low risk of doing business has also contributed to the increased motivation of the conduits. (2) 2002-2004: "Crying" captures the consumers in the terminals. With the introduction of the "Blue Classic" series, the river actively draws on the "Hotel Disk" model of the mouth.
Since the beginning of the year, fixed-asset investment has grown rapidly, faster than the country in the period 2000-2003, with investment-driven economic growth booming, and the Jiangsu catering industry, which grew rapidly after 2000, maintained an average annual increase of about 20 per cent before the 2008 economic crisis, and the boom in the catering industry, which concentrated the consumption of white wine in hotels.
Figure 6: Growth in the Jiangsu and national fixed-asset investment, 2002-2012: Growth in the Jiangsu restaurant industry, 2002-2012 (in billions of yuan)
The central idea of the medium-discount marketing model is to concentrate resources on holding core consumers and opinion leaders, investing resources and spending on the white wine consumption of the cost-consumption terminal, i.e., to capture and turn the mini-disks, so that they drive consumers around to consume the ocean’s river products, and foster a consumer-consumption climate, i.e., to drive the big plate.
The hotel's medium-plate operation is detailed: the company works with local distributors on the model of co-construction of the “1+1” company, with close links of end-of-life hotel resources provided by the distributors, and with terminal-based personnel in the ocean market to reach core consumers in the hotel, promoting the “Blue Classic” series of products, making the hotel's opinion leaders the consumers of the ocean river, and thus occupying the main part of the hotel.
Fluid alcohol consumption, coupled with the ability of consumers to produce radiative effects on other unreached terminals and consumer scenes once they have been nurtured. Through the marketing of the Disk, the river has completed the market import of the series of "Blue Classic" products. (3) 2005-2008: "4x3" captures the terminal in the hands of consumers.
In response to new changes in the market, the "4x3" model is on the line. When the "deck-in-the-chick" model is completed, new changes in the market make it difficult for the hotel to play the "deck-in-the-chick" role: 1) the increased competition in the market has led to a sharp rise in the cost of buying and lower value for money; 2) core terminals appear to be cut off, and the distributors are able to provide insufficient quantities of small disks; 3) consumers
The "4x3" model is very detailed: the idea of outreach is to reach consumers first, then consumers first, then consumers, then radiation. From a consumer’s perspective, it allows consumers to “see” from business groups, core image shops, and media campaigns.
In addition, it has set up counterpart marketing organizations to operate in an integrated manner; from the perspective of manufacturers, companies have selected distributors with social and financial resources, which no longer focus solely on hotel relations, but more on the ability of political and corporate relations to represent direct contact with clients; and from the perspective of distributors, the “4x3” model has clear lines of authority, clear identification of ocean-water demand and the promotion of positive linkages between distributors and the sharing of development dividends.
(4) 2009-2012: In the "4 trillion" investment scheme, 5382 surges: in the "4 trillion" industry, the "4 trillions" scheme is becoming increasingly active, leading to an increase in the consumption of white wine, and it is clear that at this stage the main focus of the channel is to develop business and party clients.
Non-promotion of personal approval, and the introduction of the “5382” project in 2011 to guide the group's procurement process. Detailed explanation of operations in the “5382” project: 1) channel focus definition: unit acquisition is the focus of the channel in the context of reduced hotel functionality; 2) group purchase implementation criteria: increased cost inputs, purchase of the control level group, by raising hotel prices, overpriced businesses
Highlighting the value for money of the group; 3) Client development norms: clarifying the operational norms and lines of responsibility of ocean-river salesmen, providing for a win-win rather than a win-win approach to the development of distributor customers, and avoiding a lack of coordination of channels. 3, 2013-2018: Deep distribution attempts to reach the entire consumer phase.
(i) Channel cooperation model: still dominated by the will of the manufacturer, the development of the pitfalls of the ocean, the pursuit of hotel resources and the acquisition of resources by political enterprises, and the rapid development of the white wine industry, the inflow of extra-industrial capital, the ocean river, which has greater control over the channel under the “1+1” model, with no objection to the various dealers,
Under the control of the manufacturer ' s personnel, full use is made of the motivation of the manufacturer ' s salesmen, the potential of the new distributors to help sustain the river ' s customers, and there are two major problems facing the new distributors after they have been incorporated into the group ' s procurement channels: 1) the development of existing resources and the lack of capacity to develop new customers; and 2) some of the distributors lack professionalism, know little about the distribution of white wine and have less loyalty to the ocean brand.
In the past, under the “1+1” model, factory personnel were active in directing channels, with a higher voice, and, because the first problem had led to the ineffectiveness of the usual crushing tactics, and because the second problem had led distributors to pursue low prices for their personal interests and even to move, they had created a dilemma for the future of the ocean.
(ii) Channels and marketing operations: after the eight-step anti-corruption impact on the white wine industry, the river spreads to the whole product line the deep distribution that was previously used only for low-end products. In its 2013 report, the company stated that the future growth of the company was focused on the acquisition and depth of business groups.
The river shifts its focus from political consumption to commercial consumption, while extending to the whole product line the deep distribution model that was intended only for low-end products. The whole range of products is distributed in depth, and the Skynet project is officially imported into the provincial market.
More than 7000 distributors directly control more than 30,000 ground extension workers, and powerful channels keep them under control to keep the Skynet project going further, which is to push the channel to sink further into deep distribution. The downfall of the county market is completed in the province, the channel is expanded, and the potential for white alcohol consumption in Jiangsu province is exploited.
In 12 years, the company began to develop its market outside the province, focusing on Henan, Anhui, Shandong, Zhejiang, Shanghai. In 15 years, the idea of deep distribution was transferred to the out-of-town market, where it proposed the concept of creating a market outside the province, and in July 2019 the company revealed that there were as many as 570 markets outside the province.
In about 70% of cases, market-driven resource inputs were fine-tuned, and the highly operational nature of the “New Jiangsu” market, with its fission replication and direct-control channels, helped companies to accelerate out-of-country expansion. In 2015, the Ocean River further implemented the “522” polarization project on the channel.
Marks, two polarized transformations and two polarized guarantees, which are in essence tactical guidance for deep distribution patterns, are still in a position to follow the manufacturer's strategic command, and the factory, with the overall tactical clarity, has a front line of work “everyone has something to do, one has to do” around the five growth cores.
(iii) The brilliant course of the ocean river from the perspective of corporate governance structures1, 2002: institutional reform, unlocking of market-based dynamism, facing the coldness of the industry and low factory efficiency, and the merger of ocean river wine factories by the Ocean Rivers Group in 2002
Ocean River Group co-financed by six corporate and 14 executives of the company as principal initiators. Ocean River Liquor was gradually released from state monopoly to state-owned holding companies and marketized institutions. 51.1% of the ocean river group held shares, 14 executives held 8.41% of the shares and 14 executives co-financed them.
The change was not only a recognition of executive capacity and past performance, but also a deep-seated interest. In 2006, the company increased its share in the blue sky trade and the blue sea trade, reducing its shareholding to 38.61%.
The Blue Sky and Blue Sea trades have a stockholding platform of 126 business cadres, mid-highs and partial distributions, including river executives, middle-level managers and business technology cadres, while the combined shareholding of the two stock platforms has reached a high of 24.44 per cent, with a greater incentive than the first conversion in 2002, with a more comprehensive and thorough equity incentive, deeper interest binding and fuller reconciliation.
Figure 12: The stock structure of the company after the 2006 Replenishment, II. The current tide of the river: position at the lower end, focus on the past
(i) Sub-high-end winds are good, what's the future? In essence, the sub-high-end is the product of rising consumption. Sub-high-end prices are in the middle of high-end and medium-grade white wine.
The belt is a relatively low-cost alternative to high-end alcohol prices and an upscaling consumer when middle-end alcohol is not able to meet a particular demand, while meeting consumer spiritual demand for white wine culture, price demand for brand power, and product power. From its origins, the lower-end is the “successor” of high-end white wine.
On the ground, investments in tropical business consumption scenes have increased at a time when supply-demand and financial attributes have erupted, high-end white wine prices have risen sharply, and the sub-high ends have grown when consumer demand and price ceilings have opened. The wine industry has grown up at a time when there are a lot of high-end developments, such as the inter-blue stretch of the ocean's river dream, the six and liquids of the five grain fluids, the Chinese sauce from the hut tower, and the red pot of wine.
After the birth of the sub-high-end white wine, there was a cold, mainly: 1) the industry was overheated and the base was unstable. The influx of extra-industrial capital gave rise to over-optimistic futures, high stocking, high product consumption, mainly in the form of political and commercial consumption, and lack of a public consumption base, which was difficult to cope with at a time of changing demand in the industry; 2) central control over consumption by the three publics.
After control, the white wine industry as a whole is in a state of cold, high-end white wine prices are compressed into sub-high-end development space, and the sub-higher-end is entering the adjustment period. 2; where will the sub-high-end go?
This second high-end recovery of white wine is based on strong fundamentals. In terms of the type of economic growth, the investment-driven growth model has shifted to a consumption-driven one, with final consumption spending, for the first time since 2014, exceeding the overall contribution to the growth of gdp and rising steadily from year to year.
In 2017, the middle class accounted for 34% of the country’s population, while the figures for the same period were 31% for the United States, 36% for Japan, 34% for Germany, and the rise of the middle class in China. In terms of consumer structure, the share of consumption in the white wine consumption structure in politics has fallen to a low point, and this round of growth is different from that caused by the previous round of business consumption, the sudden influx of social capital, but rather by the general public.
Consumption is underpinned by a rise in consumption capacity, represented by the rise of the middle class. Figure 17: Growing contribution of consumption to the growth of gdp (in trillion yuan)
Figure 19: China ' s middle-income class will rise rapidly
Sub-high-end prices have two main advantages: 1) price booms are in the early stages of growth, and there is no single-barrel model, but product ladders are gradually taking shape; 2) product pricing above medium-barrel makes the channel more profitable, the channel more aggressive, and the price below high-end wine makes it easier for consumers to accept, fit for multiple consumption scenarios.
In the same way, the channel is powerful. There are two strongly defined paths to the second-high-end white wine expansion in the post-2015 period: 1) national chemical brands will be dedicated to the development of large singles, which will be shared with stable price increases to support growth in corporate performance; and 2) regional flagships will use the core market as their center for radiation around the world to promote the pan-nationalization of regional knowledge lists.
Figure 21: Main sub-high end product (ii) Dream 6+ layout next 10 years with flowers on two ditches to boost brands 1 and Dream 6+ product upgrade to guide future high-end ocean riverization
(1) The product's full-scale "+" feature, the dream blue m6+ highlights new traits in many parts of the product: 1) Soften Quality +, the dream blue m6+ Keys chooses the first row of wine produced in the central area. The old wine used is stored in the cellar pottery for 15 years.
The combination of wines creates a technical system that highlights the twilight and fluidity of the product and increases its comfort after drinking; (2) the value of the sex ratio “+”, which in terms of product capacity is an innovative upgrading of the traditional 500ml bottle to 550ml, giving consumers a more tangible sense of the benefits of the upgrade: 3) the product “+”, m6+ using a combination of anti-false pretences, from a destructive opening to a disruptive opening.
Scavenger-red hands, so that consumers can be comfortable with their consumption. (2) Series "+" life cycle. The "Blue Classic" series of ocean rivers has maintained the life cycle of young products since it was marketed, the core of which is the elixir.
At the beginning of the market, the river caught the tide of middle-rate alcohol commerce, seized the first wave of sub-high-end developments during the eruption of real estate wine, updated the channel mode at a time when new products were imported, and changed the situation, while at the same time leading to the combing of older products, m6+ not only at a time when the channel model led to transparency in product prices, but also to a fall in product system prices.
The task of m6 to exit the historical stage and enter the public view of new products, and to organize more effectively the product price board's strategy of importing new channels into the company, continues the life cycle of the entire blue classic series of products. (3) "+" the future layout of the ocean river.
The "Blue Classics" series of products are connected to each other, closely following the upgrading of consumption. After many years of nurturing, the "Blue Classic" series has evolved into an interconnected product system within it, with the trend of popular consumption rising from the blue to the blues of the sea, with some economies in the advanced regions rising from the blues of the sky to the blues of the dreams, and in the business consumption scenes of the ocean masters, the blues of the dreams can be inherited.
The blue sky has risen, and within the blue of the dream there has been an upward trend of m3 to m6 with the sub-higher and the m6+ taking the lead in the layout, and with the present and the future. The blue of the dream 6+ has an important role to play in the future layout of the ocean river.
In the past two decades, the ocean has set the blue and the blue of the sky into a single medium bottle of wine, thereby raising the corporate image to the next ten years, and the ocean river, with its second-end and high-end white ticketing, will be based on m6+, which will grow new consumers for m9 and craft classes.
The new dynamic of m6+, m9 and the three-drives of the manual class, with more layouts at the lower end and above.2, the two-way + the ocean river branding strategy, which operates independently, has an old brand name. Jiangsu province has a "trigger" known wine, i.e. a ditch, a ditch, a ditch (the first body of the present world) and a river of the ocean, back in the early years.
In addition to the ocean river, which has been recognized by the river as a region's most famous wine, the tri-crowds became the fourth and fifth national wine fairs, with a distinctive branding. In April and March 2010 the river acquired 40.6% and 59.3% shares of the bi-crowds at $536 million and 1175 million, respectively, and the bi-crowds became fully-owned subsidiaries of the river.
In 2019, the official two-channel brand, with the power of the two-brand branding strategy, Ocean River + Trench. On brand strategy, the ocean masters are positioned at the lower end and higher prices, and in the face of channel and price problems in the blue and sky.
To supplement the blank belt with the introduction of the two-trenched series of products, which will gradually lead to the nationalization of the two ditches; in the product system, the two brands will complement and support each other, and the product system distributed in the depths of the ocean will accelerate the import of the two-trenched brands, filling the medium- and low-price belts of the future ocean’s river’s gravity shift to the lower end.
High-end products, leading to full-scale development of the two-brand matrix: in the organizational structure, the company changed the "Growsing Brand Enterprise" established in 2019 to a "Growsing Marketing Company" and upgraded the brand to a level of strategy equal to that of the Ocean River Series. Independent organization operations are complemented by a clear division of labour that will greatly benefit the design of future product-specific strategies.
(iii) Faced with their own problems, strong men and women sought to transform, and deep distribution patterns began to devastate, with less incentive, falling product prices. Deep distribution patterns were a reflection of the powerful power of the ocean's channels and enforcement, and the company's sales workforce had been operating since 2011
Year after year, a larger marketing team, in addition to the producers who have been included in the statistics, and a large and efficient marketing team, fast-tracked the “Blue Classic” series of products into the market, guaranteeing the speed of the ocean river, which, according to the 19-year-old newspaper, is the basis for the nationalization of the river, which has been infiltrated by the company’s marketing network throughout the country’s counties and cities.
Line consumption, which rebounded rapidly from the valley during the industry’s adjustment period. Deep distribution of popular products, high-cost dumping and product return points, combined pushers, shop displays and high coverage, high-end consumption of medium- and high-end products, leading to a more productive consumption climate by 2013.
By targeting public opinion leaders and group purchasing, the ocean’s blues and the sky’s blues become large monoliths. After 2013, the river’s deep distribution of full-priced products was meant to bring dream blue series of products to the terminal through established channels, allowing consumers to “see” to foster a consumption climate, while “buy” to increase product sales.
The period worked, but at a later stage, the model’s malpractices began to occur: 1) the channel is overexploitated, the channel is subject to price pressure, and profit spreads have an impact on motivation. In the course of deep distribution, the river introduces a large number of distributor development terminals and group purchasing, leading to competition among distributors in a single city, the channel costs are withheld and used instead of brand promotion, instead of subsidized prices, and there are competitions between channels.
In the face of pressure to do so, manufacturers choose to keep crushing distributors in order to complete their evaluation objectives, with the present world saving.
Intra-price belt competition with ocean rivers, increased competition has led to slower marketing, a growing backlog of pipeline stocks has increased the financial pressure on distributors, and some dealers have chosen to move or sell stocks at low prices to ease financial pressure and to shock the price order of the product market.
(1) Changes in producer relations: from the one plus one co-builder to the manufacturer's integration The ocean river has played a leading role in past developments, taking on the risks of market openings during the import of products that are of concern to the industry, leading the sink and depth of distribution when the product matures, and the manufacturer directs to the distributors and the market
In 19 years, companies adapted the channel model to form an integrated model of the company, which essentially began to focus on the role of distributors in the channel. In the face of the division of labour, the ocean actually has more resources on both sides of the market to push the market.
Development is proactive, based on the capacities of distributors and resource integration: for large, resource-rich and market-driven dealers, companies will work together and provide resources and cost support; for less resource-rich and relatively weak-capacity distributors, they will continue to be dominated by ocean rivers, creating contractual work models to enhance efficiency.
(2) Changes in channel mode: from deep distribution to “one-stop shop, multiple-stop shop” deep distribution mode, the ocean river maximizes efficiency through direct docking of distributors with a view to channelling resources directly, but the absorption of too many new distributors ultimately leads to fragmentation of channels, competition leads to price instability and competition.
As soon as the competition offers a more lucrative channel, the channel and the terminal may collapse. While thinking about the manufacturer’s relationship, the river transforms the channel model into a “one-stop shop, multiple-stop shop” model, in which market operations and product management are entrusted to one of the most powerful local distributors, while matching local distributors with support.
function. The entire market is controlled by the ocean river, and the data and feedback from the stock are generated through digital sweeps.