Start a new cycle — Ocean River shares (002304.sz) — deep-seated brandies based on industry-based mechanisms, products, marketing innovations.
Building a strong comparative advantage, gaining high growth by 2018, becoming the largest liquor company in the sub-higher camp, with a blue classic series of singles collecting more than $4 billion.
In the wake of rapid growth, the problems of products and channels have highlighted the disruptions in deep distribution, lower profits from channels and weak distribution power; the lax distribution channels and intra-provincial camps; the erosion of the provincial markets; the decline in the dominant products since 2019; and consumer goods.
Qualitative identity is poor and loyalty is low. Marketing transformation initiatives are increasing the number of players who are involved in the process of re-establishing the vendor relationship, creating a distribution system with a “one-stop shop, multi-share name” and accompanying costs.
The sea sky and the dream series operate independently of the two-crow sales company. The dominant multi-brand strategy is M6+ the pre-positioning of more than $600 price bands, for the whole.
The point of growth will be the start of a new cycle for businesses, and the sub-high end of the dream blue series will continue to benefit from the power of rising consumption, Jiangsu prices.
The belt upgrades have led the country, and the mainstream consumer price belts in the province have been moved to over $300. The ocean’s steady pace is still the price escalation belt, the ocean’s brand and channel base are strong, and there is more room for competition recovery and growth.
M6+Screet 600-800 dollars, an upscaling blue-sea price belt for consumption, with few competitors, large market space, stable prices, and good sales. The two-trenched brands are growing again, with the dominant markets, Jiangsu, and Henan, growing rapidly.
Investment advice: Ocean River shares enter a new life cycle, product and channel marketing reforms begin to land, declining production is steady, dream series is beginning to roll, performance bottom is now in place, and q3 is expected to grow at the same time.
1. A strong comparative advantage has been forged in the past, with a strong glass of 1.1 fragrance.
The company was founded in July 1949 as the Jiangsu-yang wine factory. ... The three branches of the China Trading Company, formerly known as Huai, were renamed the Subei-Yi-Yi wine company, the Ocean River wine factory, which was re-established in 2002 and managed in 2006 by Jiangsu-yang wine company, after several renamings.
The Ocean River shares have two major Chinese brands: the Rivers, the Trenchs, and the Chinese Old Words. The Ocean Rivers, the Trenchs, and the Tribunes have been successful at various levels of the wine contest, setting out a unique style of sweetness, swirling, softness, cleanness, and fragrance.
Wetland production areas have a clear advantage of wine and fragrance. The company is located in the “Swats of the Three Rivers and the One Lake” and is located in the compatriots of the French city of Brandland, the United Kingdom of Scotland's Whiskey and known as “the three most famous areas of the world's wetlands.” The three main brewing bases are under the ocean, the river, the two ditches, and the Xiaoyang.
The river's brewings originated in Xiang Tang, flourishing in Mingqing, and were elected to the royal family of Qing Dynasty. They are famous for their "Fukuo Springs and the sea of Qingixiang and the beauty and taste of the first family of Jiangnan"; they are known for their discovery as "China's most natural brewing environment and the origin of natural wine".
The State, which was once the Great Hangon wine, has drafted the National Technical Standard gb/t10781.1-2006 " Liquor-like white wine " , in conjunction with the Yuya River and the Middle-Eating Leather, Ill-Five Food and Liquids Group Ltd.
1.2 The comparative advantage is highlighted by the brilliant period of rapid development, the example of a sub-high-level elite company. For the decade of white wine gold, the company started to grow at a high rate, receiving the top three in the white wine industry. After 2018, structural barriers to access emerged.
During the Golden Decade of the White Wine industry, which began in 2003, the company gained a rapid growth of well beyond the industry through mechanisms, marketing, product advantages, and a rapid breakthrough of $20 billion. From a local wine factory, it entered the first three jobs, with a marked increase in its ability to operate and brand visibility.
During the restructuring phase of the White Liquor industry, which began in 2013, the ocean river has had the advantage of deep farming and nationalization through product structure and industry leaders, while shifting some of the pressure to channels, with performance declining to a lesser degree than during the 2015-2018 industrial recovery, subject to structural barriers that have accumulated over many years in products and channels.
The pace of performance slowed down and by the year 2019 there was a fall in the yield of the Ocean River shares, lagging behind the rest of the sub-terranean camp, into a period of restructuring of marketing since the second half of 2019, with the former Blue Classic Enterprise, the Founding Chairman, Liu Xingxian, the Vice-Chairman of the marketing company, managing the marketing of the company, and General Liu's promotion of a business after taking office.
For a series of marketing reforms, such as a major, multi-commercial distribution system. Adjustments to marketing organization, optimization of distributors, improvement of cost inputs and evaluation principles.
In the early years of the rapid development of the ocean river, the white and wine industry as a whole was operating at a low level, with a space for innovation in products, channels, and marketing patterns.
Large. At the same time, there are more than 1,000 enterprises with a low concentration of industry and above, with a low level of competition and a series of initiatives leading to a strong comparative advantage and a significantly higher level of business than industry.
1.2.1 The management incentive was first introduced by the company, which was founded in 1949 on the basis of a number of private wines, such as the North Beach Liquor Bar, and was subsequently changed by name.
In December 2002, the Ocean Rivers Group, as the main initiator, launched the establishment of the Gangsu Ocean Liquor Co. Ltd., the Ocean Rivers Co. Ltd., the Ocean Rivers Group, the Ocean Rivers Group, the Oceans Group, the Exteriors, and 14 natural persons, including 6 legal persons, Jiangsu Gou, the Gang Shug, the Middle East fermentation, the South Teng Shenfu and others.
Investment and management held 51.1 per cent, 40.5 per cent, 8.4 per cent, respectively, of the Blue Sky Trade and Blue Sea Trade Replenishment, consisting of investments made by the Ocean River Group to corporate managers in 2006, and the Ocean River Group, management (Blue Sky, Blue Sea Trade consolidated into Jiangsu Blue Alliance shares in 2016)
In 2003, the company launched a series of blue classic products, different from white.
The traditional "favorite" of the wine industry, which proposes a "favorite" classification of products, defining customer prices based on consumer experience, and creating a new style of soft white quality. It is also representative of the soft white wine. Soft quality and brand claims have been the object of competition in the white wine industry over the years. In 2008, the "sweet" was the unique type of white wine.
It's written into national standards. The company is known as a “sweet-nose” and caters to the demand for fast-growing middle- and high-end products in the early century. The company has captured this upward trend by launching a series of medium- and high-end classics in positioning, with a combination of medium- and high-grade wines dominated by the blue classics in 2005-2012.
Starting in 2011, annual sales rose by 200,000 tons, thanks to an increase in the proportion of blue classics and internal upgrades, and to a significant increase in the price of tons of alcohol. Product series, the blue classic sea-day dream relay, upgraded to open up the space for growth.
Launch, pricing the terminal at $128 and capturing the price gap between the mouth cellar of about $100 and the five grain spring of $158. Focusing on its branding, it will eventually complete the competition with the five-food wine series and other real estate products such as the mouth cellars, and make the sea blue a deep break at that price, making it a national monolith.
In the early years, as a local wine company, after the launch of the blue classics, advertising was launched with resources such as viewing and provincial television stations, and the image and visibility of the products grew rapidly and became popular.
In 2008, Skyblue became the main driving force behind the promotion of gravity, competing with the sub-highest brands of wine, such as the Crystal Sword. After several years of market grabs, companies achieved a national breakthrough of 300.
Blue, but influenced by the downside of the white wine industry, which began in the second half of 2012, companies will return to the sea and the sky in 2013. Success in the blues of the sea and the sky has put firm corporate channels and distributors on the ground, creating conditions for the follow-up of the dream blue.
1.2.3 Top-class marketing 1 + 1 depth coordination model, consumer tray medium, 4x3 end mode, with marketing agents such as 5382, Skynet engineering, block-building, 522 polarisation at different stages
At the beginning of the Blue Classic, the river was adapted to the market environment, adjusting the division of labour with distributors, proposing a 1+1 model of deep distribution: manufacturers are responsible for marketing, and distributors are responsible for logistics and capital flows.
Take full responsibility for the risks of market opening and marketing, promote branding, for example by selecting the target hotel channel, covering the target channel costs, covering the salaries of salesmen and hospitality costs, and all advertising promotion costs. Minimizing the risks of distributors greatly motivates distributors.
On the basis of the 1+1 model, a 4x3 model for terminal interception is proposed. The marketing focus is furthered by channels and terminals.
The idea was to move quickly away from the “end malignant competition” of the white wine industry, and to create innovation that would lead to the creation of block-building to national depths. In 2013, the company set the goal of creating a “new Jiangsu market” that would be out of the country.
By 2019, the company had formed 570 new Jiangsu markets throughout the country, accounting for the share of sales camps outside the province.
Starting in 2015, the rate of out-of-provincial growth exceeded that of the provinces, and the rate of out-of-province rose gradually, reaching 52.4 per cent in 2019.
Vendors, more than 60,000 agents and promoters, while marketing sites spread across 33 provinces and municipalities, 333 municipalities and 2582 districts across the country, directly collaborating over 2 million endpoints, digitalization and users are leading industries. The company is the first industry to apply Internet thinking and tools to the white and wine industry.
Company running business. Ocean River 1, Bottle Scave, etc., led the entire industry, with ocean river bottle scavenging becoming a microscopic application on the fast-dismant cleaning code early in October 2013. Ocean River Kyung-dong and Skycat are on the line. Ocean River 1, mobile end, April 2014.
In November 2015, Ocean 1 completed the layout of 102 markets throughout the country. In May 2016, the f2r model home acquisition project landed.
After the company ' s technological expansion in 2013, the company ' s brewing capacity has taken the lead in the entire industry. The company ' s original drinking industry currently has a capacity of 200,000 tons, with an annual capacity of 160,000 tons; it has a capacity of 1 million tons, and currently has a stock of 700,000, with an outstanding and high-end drinking capacity of about 14,000 tons.
About 2% of the Blue Dream Classes are sufficient to sustain high-quality growth demand for long-term dream blues.
As the industry’s overall level of business rises, the ocean’s former comparative advantage is also being pursued by competitors.
In recent years, after increasing brand power and control of the channel, the river has begun to divide vendors, re-seal brands, channels, and promote the interests of distributors. And, as the product price system is transparent, profits are thinner, and distributors are in conflict with each other.
A rigid examination of sales results in low-quality new recruits and difficulties in marketing. Vendor write-offs, business team calls and a strong willingness to do business, mostly by group buyers, and lower recruitment thresholds lead to a large number of buyers and distributors with limited resources and marketing capacity who operate the market together with traditional suppliers, who constantly exert pressure on channels, improve tasks and exert pressure on manufacturers.
Importing blue union products, channel resources are being taken. In line with the stylized approach, companies use the white wine channel as a bundled sale or promoter of nitrous oil, red wine, enzyme beverages, etc., which leads to the appropriation of the white wine channel resources.
In 2016, the price of famous wines, such as the huts and the five grains, began to rise. Especially after 2018, when the prices of end-uses were difficult to keep up, channels 2.2 were hacked into the local market in the province.
As the ocean's energy moves towards deeper distribution, relaxing its collection channels, and developing out-of-town markets such as Henan, the province's competitive share of the world's markets is rising. Moreover, the China-East market is a major national market for brandished wine, competition is intense, water wells and wine companies such as the Gangsu market are investing more people and resources, and the ocean is in Jiangsu Damoto.
For the last two years, the river has shifted its focus to the out-of-town market, where the share of income has declined from year to year. In 2019, the growth rate of revenue in and out of the province was 10.7% and 2.4% respectively.
From 2013 to 15 years of industrial adjustment, the river’s share of income was ranked by the sea, the sky, the dream, and the pattern of deep distribution has led to a rapid increase in the size of medium- and lower-end products during the adjustment period. The river has thus eased the development of the group purchasing channels and of business opinion leaders.
Intra-provincial upgrades are evident, and deep distribution patterns are not adapted to the development of sub-high-end white wine, but rather to the emergence of a home-buying world with the advantage of the dominant channels. In the present world, the price system is not transparent, the spread is higher than the ocean, the spread is higher than the channel, and the resources are tilted towards the outside of the province, leaving room for competition in the province. For the last two years, the company has concentrated its resources and manpower on the Xinjiang.
Su market is tilted, less alert to the provincial market, and consumer marketing has led to a low rate of product openings. From 2015 to 2019, the compound growth rate was 3.3 per cent and 17.5 per cent outside the province. Sea-based products in 2018 were valued at “more old wine, more softness” to update the blue, sky-blue, meaning of the sea.
The price increases are achieved through the exchange of products, but the sea price is highly competitive, the consumer is sensitive to the increase, and the product is not well-off, leading to a high stock exchange. The ocean's blues, sky's blues, dream's blues, the series of products go down in bulk. Channels are shrunk, the sea's blue channels are very profitable, with a profit margin of about 5% of the sky's blue channels, compared to 10% of the competition's present life.
The level of consumption in Jiangsu is higher than in the country, and the rate of growth in the ocean’s blue province has slowed as the mainstream price segments have gradually moved to more than $300.
Compared to the corporate average, the proportion of people in and out of the 20091 Sea blue is about 40% and 60%. The price of the blue products in the sea has been transparent, and the profit margins of the channels have been low, with the 2019 new editions being changed, with fewer end-price increases, less input, less willingness on the part of distributors, and a much smaller decline in the economy.
Intra- and out-provincial proportions are about 55% and 45% in the 2019h1 day blue provinces. In the company ' s off-provincial market phase, the emphasis is on the promotion of dream 3 with fewer inputs, and in 2019 there was a fall in both provinces.
The sky's blue is a knockout, and the profit from the channel is $10-15 higher than the sky's blue, the sky's blue is in the province for market value and 2.4 brands have not established a strong relationship with consumers.
The period of rapid development has been masked, image advertising and market prevalence have driven consumer choices, lack of close links between their quality and brand content, and poor consumer quality recognition.
Since the second half of 2019, the business marketing transition has addressed the problems of pre-existing channels, products, regional market operations, and the restructuring of companies has included the establishment of new ecological models for manufacturers, optimization of organizational division of labour, re-establishment of cost-investment systems, re-establishment of dominant multi-brand strategic models, re-establishment of values and new marketing concepts
3.1 In order to adjust the impact of deep distribution on the company's supplier relationship, companies have made adjustments to the regional market's distribution structure and profit model of “one-stop, multi-market distribution”.
One deals mainly with the choice of a market’s most powerful distributor for traditional channels, participation in market management, and the guarantee of the dominance of corporate products in the local market, with responsibility for maintaining market order and price stability. Multi-consortiums refer to a combination of high-quality buyers and special-channelers, with full access to channels.
In the weaker regions, manufacturers dominate market openings and distributors set different profit models for different distributors. The main players are large-scale for profit, making economies of scale: more profitable.
High Māori novels are profitable, forming an integrated and block effect. They form a harmonious distributor's eco-coop, working together, and unifying, to create the capacity to brand ocean rivers and ditches.
The vendor cooperation model and the restructuring of the profit structure will effectively enhance the overall dynamism of the distributors and establish a healthy channel order that will lay the foundation for future product promotion and regional development.
In the price system, changes in the pattern of seasonalized return points, usually based on the pace of completion of the task, the adjustment of product prices, the maintenance of a healthy market, the harmonization of prices for products in the market and the strength of returns, and the adjustment of the range of distributors and channels, have led to a significant reduction in the disruption of the market order caused by past competition for low prices.
3.1.2 Re-establishment of the system of cost-disbursing
Consumer-oriented reduction channels are retained. Cost is placed on, and consumer-centred, with consumers actually benefiting from and reducing the retention of channels through such direct means as bottle-scan red bags, party cancellations, adjustment of costs, modest increase of market-cost inputs, etc.
Improved timeliness of reimbursement of costs to distributors and reduction in payment of settlement 3.2 marketing organization and method of appraisal
3.2.1 Dream blues separate from sea skyscraper operating in grass-roots marketing organizations, office-level sea skyscrapers separate from dream blues, creating dream blues and sea blues, dream blues focus markets and expansions depending on the two types of product marketing parties.
Large direct service to high-end people, taking advantage of the group’s resources; the blues of the sea and the blues of the sky continue to be distributed through traditional channels. The Amiba method is used to maximize self-accounting, thus separating dream blues from sea sky marketing in the region.
A system of cross-cutting and flexible appraisals. Extension of the course of work in a market to encourage service staff to work in a region for three years or more; flexible appraisals to adjust the assessment criteria for sales staff at all levels to guide frontline staff from the point of entry to the market; reduction in the percentage of write-offs, with 30 per cent of high-end branding enterprises.
:: Sales, 70 per cent validation process indicators (product structure, etc.): no further testing of vendors and optimization of group buyers to reduce disruptions to channel order; enhancement of market order maintenance, inspection using transactional rather than library records, reduction of order, 3.2.2 establishment of two-channel branding independent sales companies
On the basis of the Trench Branding Enterprise, in 2020, a two-trenched sales company was set up independently, adding a two-trenched area to set up a new target and market strategy for the two-trenched brand. The two-trenched brand was sold at its peak at more than 5 billion dollars, and served as an important pole for the Jiang Su Bai wine.
Precious performance, a strong market and consumption base. 3.3 Builds a dominant multi-brand strategy.
In 2009, the series of fissures within the dream blue became m3, m6, m9, and the dream blue has the basis for a stand-alone brand operation independent of the sea sky. The product series has also caused problems with the dominant product, cleaning the distributors to develop the product, and focusing on the creation of large monoliths.
Vendors develop products that focus on combing and cleaning up prices below $100. Highlighting dream series and sea- and sky-high singles, phasing out low-mori and low-middle- and low-end products, and operating independently in the marketing of two ditches.
As the blue series is fragmented, the company needs a large single item to take on a full series of products. In November 2019, the company was listed at m6+, with a dominant multi-brand strategy, defining the dream blue as a way forward.
Top one single item. Higher prices for products with higher capacity, more old wine, and better price systems, better channel profits than the old version of m6 and competition.
The dominant product is not prominent, the m3 location price is 300-500 at the lower end, and as the ocean rivers have cultivated for many years, the prices of the product have stabilized and sold up.m6 The end price has fallen short of expectations because of the weak pull of the channel under deep distribution and the intense competition of the sub-high end, stifling the growth space of the waist and medium-high end price products.
The company launched a quality revolution in 2019, which led to a continuous improvement in the quality of the product, while enhancing the dissemination of slogans, the presentation of brand stories, the enrichment of brand contents, and the elimination of the product.
3.4 Launching a new round of equity incentives Expanding the scope of equity incentives and activating internal dynamics. After the company's listing, no more equity incentives have been introduced, and the range of incentives available is narrow.
The sum of the repurchase is not less than RMB 1 billion (inclusive) and does not exceed RMB 1.5 billion (inclusive). The repurchase is to be carried out for a period of 12 months.
As of 31 August 2020, 8.1 million shares had been repurchased, using a total of $800 million. This measure helped to improve the treatment of key employees, motivate the workforce, secure the ground for the reforms, and the growth stoppage will start a new cycle for the enterprise.
The problem of channeling and distributors is nearing the end of the ocean’s second-generation enterprise, which is responsible for overcoming the pre-deep distribution model. Sea-day products, with their cost input and activation, are showing signs of stability: dream blues benefit from a good market base at the lower end and within the province, and space and opportunities are still large: m6+ to pre-position 600-800 bits.
Pull up the room for overall product growth. After adjustment, ocean river growth will become more robust. 4.1 high-end is a high-quality course with rising consumption, 4.1.1 high-ends will continue to expand with rising consumption.
Sub-high-end competition patterns The sub-high-end national brands include, among others, Kennan Chun, the blue of Yoyo River Dreams, the gin and bouquets, the wellhouses, the ginseng, the bouquets, the bouquets, and the old brands of wine under the flag of the Hoshizhou Old People and the Maotai Group.
Real estate wine brands: mostly upgraded products launched under a real estate wine flag, usually at a price of between $100 and $200 or less, but the high rate of sub-high-end growth in recent years has led to a huge spread of real-estate alcohol production, as shown in figure 18: share of the second-higher liquor company in 2019
The rise in the price and consumption of alcohol to the sub-high ends has sustained expansion, which has resulted from an increase in consumption. The overall white market currently stands at about 570 billion, with a medium alcohol ratio of between 40 and 50 per cent and a size of between 2300 and 2900 billion, assuming about 5 per cent of the annual rise in consumption.
The second-highest price range will continue to be the fastest-growing price range. The second-high-end white market grew from about $13 billion in 2015 to about $65 billion by the end of 2019, with annual compound increases of more than 30 per cent, the fastest growing in the white industry.
It can be expected that head concentration and rising consumption will continue in the white industry, with high-end white wine steadily rising in the core of the single product, and sub-high-end white wine rising in the product structure of the head enterprise, with robust use over the process, and still expected to be the fastest growing price range at a low base.
Sub-high-end expansion moves into a brand-driven, channel-pulsing phase. In 2017, high-end resonance from channels and brand-pulsing resonance led to a strong overall growth, with brand pull and channel resonance ending in 2019, and a strong polarization of sub-high-end camp performance.
4.1.2 Jiangsu prices have risen to the top of the country, and the main consumption class in Jiangsu province has shifted to more than $300.
In general, South Sudan has been upgraded to $400, and business, catering and hospitality, mainly in the range of $300-600, has also become a fast-growing camp in recent years.
The profits of the channel have recovered, and sales are now showing signs of recovery. With the start of the marketing transition in late 2019, the ocean's rivers have been fine-tuned and controlled, and profits from the ocean's blue and sky's blue channels have recovered.
In the first half of the year 2019, the blue sea experienced a dramatic decline. In the second half of 2019, there was a slight increase outside the blue sea province, with a sharper decline within the province. The blue sea was gradually restored to the blue market by restoring the blue sea ' s input.
In 2019, the revenue from sky-blue sales fell by a certain margin, and in the first quarter of 2020, the sky-blue trend continued to decline. Inland and outside the province, manufacturers are planning to sell the sky-blue by community, digital means, through end-to-end consumers such as underline tobacco and alcohol shops, restaurants, etc.
4.2.2 Sea-day prices continue to be higher than in the provinces, and the blue scale will be the core price of the country’s county, town and county markets, and the blue scale of public business consumption and feasts. As the main consumer price belt in Jiangsu moves up to more than $300, the ocean is located in China.
The 100-300-bit price band slowed down, but the extra-provincial price was still the main upscaling band, and the extra-provincial increase would soon be in the province. 4.2.3 Deep nationalization of the extra-provincial zone led to a further increase in market occupancy.
In 2020, the company will further promote deeper nationalization, focusing on the strengthening of mature markets such as Shandong and Henan, deepening the long-term markets such as Beijing, Tianjin, Jiangxi, and expanding development markets such as South China, North West, and Northeast. The expansion of sales outside the province will further boost the growth of outlying businesses.
The company’s presence in the cities outside the province is still low, for example Henan, the largest market outside the province in 2005, with data showing income of over 3 billion in 2018 and a significant gap between the poo and the five grain fluids. Moreover, the local size of the premium in the river’s product structure is higher than both, within their respective price bands.
There is still much room for deep nationalization, and the company’s strong branding and channel power is highly competitive with the branding of wine series and land-based alcohol upgrading products, with low local penetration and large extra-provincial growth.
The cities and cities of Xinjiang Sou are less than 10% in the markets outside the province, and space is large. The company's main competitors outside the province are now the real-estate and other sub-high-end brands of wine, and the ocean brand and channel are still relatively ahead. As the profits of dealers and channels outside the province are adjusted, the Xin Jiangsu market will continue to grow in depth.
For the better. Markets outside the province still hold less than 10%, output density varies considerably from one province to another, and there's still a significant 4.3 blue focus as a new growth driver.
At the end, the dividends of the consumption escalation will be fully realized. Of these, the 300-500-bit mark of m3 is the main power price band for the upgrading in Jiangsu province, which is now well received and growing.
In Jiangsu province, the price of white wine is about 56% and the market is about 20 billion. Of this amount, over 600 dollars is worth about 10 billion yuan, or 25%, higher than the national level.
In the 300-600-bit series of sub-high-end white wines, about 8.8 billion yuan, or 25 per cent, are significantly higher than the national level of the 100-300-bit series, about 10 billion yuan, or 30 per cent, and are lower than the national level of 43 per cent. The size of popular white wines below 100 yuan is about 5.5 billion yuan, or 20 per cent, or less than the national level of 32 per cent.
In the structure of the ocean’s river products, the dream blue series of 300 or more places has already accounted for more than 30% of the total revenue, and about 65% of the income is in Jiangsu province, where the market’s growth will be marked by a high level of growth of the dream blue in the province’s 300-600 price range.
It is still more powerful in local brands, more powerful in major markets such as Huai An and Nanjing, more profitable in the world, and better in the hands of consumers. The ocean has the highest prices, the highest in the province, the size of the channels and the strength of brands, and it occupies a multi-consumption complex of businesses, wedding dinners, dinners, etc.
As the blue series of dream products are adjusted and marketed, the ocean’s market ownership and market ownership will continue to rise further.
According to the company announcement, 60% of the blue sea was out of the province by the first half of 2019, 45% of the blue sky was out of the province, and 35% of the blue was out of the province. It is expected to rise further in the future as the belt of the dream 6+one, the structure of the product out of the province, and the share of the dream blue in the income out of the province.
On 3rd, the price increase of $20 per bottle and the control of the goods increased the rate of success of the upgrade by raising the price of the upgrade dream 3. At the same time, the high price belt and consumer space were raised for the follow-up upgrade of the sky and sea blue. 4.3.2m6+ pre-positioning drive overall product development.
As high-end wine gradually moves the price up to over $900, the empty 600-800 will now enter less into the new competition, becoming the Blue Sea. The 600-800-priced image product in Jiangsu province, with a small number of sub-high-profile wines, has a brand threshold.
The introduction of m6+, which gives companies a variety of ways to design liquor, brand resources, distributor choices, channel layout, etc.
m6+ is currently stable at over $620 in the province, with end profits above $80, and the channel is fully powered. After re-selling, the distributor's layout, which is “one-stop shop, multi-market” – is effectively placed, choosing a strong one.
The price is mainly for political and commercial exchanges, high-end personal consumption, and ocean brand power compared to the world of competitions.
Products such as v series, Guai 20 and so on have a greater advantage in this price band. M6+ success will drive overall product development. m6+ upgrading to 600-800 has been successful.
The company’s future strategic focus on resource push-m6+ aims to make it a strategic monolith, representing the dream series as m9 and manual classes starting to compete substantively at the higher end.
The product began to become an actual product for sale, except in Jiangsu province, and to be placed on the market in Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and high-level leadership and branding. The volume of sales began to grow.
In the year 2020, the Bigger Branding Department independently set up a two-crow sales company, with Zhang Xueqian, Deputy General Manager of the former Ocean River Stock Marketing Company, acting independently as a sales team and conduit. In June 2020, the two-crowding industry identified the market as a whole.
The strategy – to dig deep into Jiangsu, Henan, and then to expand the country’s markets – is to develop a national product line at the top, focusing on Jiangsu, Henan, and accelerating the process of high-end nationalization. The river, Jiang Su, is dominated by Su and Jinbao, and Henan is dominated by Preciouss and Hutts.
By 2020h1, the Jiangsu market as a whole had achieved half of the target. Growth was mainly due to the growth of Soo and Green Sou, followed by the growth of Jinbao's sales and vendors. Henan market has reached full success.
We believe that businesses are the product of their own cycles and industry’s cycle resonance.
The company has entered a new life cycle. The ocean has become the largest liquor company of over 20 billion people at the lower end, while at the same time it has been able to do so.
It is also the industry’s largest sales firm, with a fleet of more than $4 billion, 10,000 dealers, nationalized channels, and full-scale competition. The systemic barriers faced by companies in the early years may also be likely to be experienced by many competing firms at some stage of growth.
It is very difficult to find a major lead in marketing patterns, product upgrading, and so forth. Finding a new growth path and an early layout will be the key to the next decade’s growth in the Ocean River.
The restructuring of the company’s current distribution system will lead the distributors to a higher level of business, a change in the channel that used to be only willing to make good money and not to open up markets, and the business sector, among other things, are inevitable attempts to become stronger. With the end of the year, the company will enter a new and more robust life cycle.
4.6 Financial analysis: The efficiency of the company’s operations remains high, with net interest rates ahead of major competitions, Māori rates increasing, profit sales costs remaining lower than those of the main competitor.
Maintenance of reasonable marketing pull and projected higher cost rates, with the current low rate of enterprise creation being higher than the other figure 26: net interest ahead of major competitions Figure 25: Māori sales and higher net interest rates
Figure 27: Cost of sales is lower than that of major competitors Figure 28: Cost of the period
With the completion of the Blue Dream series m6+, the start of the roll-out, m3 price increases and control drive, and the start of the recovery of sales, it is expected that the Blue Dream will sustain growth and that the Ocean will resume double-digit growth next year. The assumption for future corporate operations is as follows:
The two-channel brands and the low- and middle-grade white wine of the company, which operates independently of the two-channel sales company and naturally sells its products, grew by -3%, 5%, 10% in 2020-2022.
Māori ratio: The overall product structure has been raised as the seaboard base is stable, the dream series capture ratio has increased, and the cost of sales is medium: the current cost of company sales is lower than that of the major competitors, and it is expected that companies may increase their cost inputs as the marketing shift shifts towards the re-establishment of the principle of cost input and the need to respond to competition in the market.
In the first half of 2020, under the influence of the epidemic and the control of stocks, the cost of sales was 8.8 per cent lower than in previous years, and the cost of administration was: taking into account the natural growth in corporate pay benefits, etc., taking into account the constant downward efficiency gains made by the company, as well as the natural growth in the remuneration benefits of the company ' s personnel, as a result of table 21: Comparable corporate valuation: Ocean River shares below average (data as of 29 September)
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. It is important that investors be careful before they decide to invest, given that there are risks in the market for any institution or individual.
The information or opinion does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or offer to the companies or