Life insurance transition poles, undervalued comprehensive insurance group-China Taibo (601601) depth reports a relative depth of 300 indexes.
After the transition to the “Focus marketing, focus period” strategy, the risk channel developed rapidly, with a premium contribution of 88 per cent in 2017, with a very clear risk profile; 2 - The sales team increased its performance and per capita productivity year by year, while the size of the workforce expanded rapidly, and health was improving.
Over 20 per cent combined growth in manpower and performance: 4, double shifts in manpower size and capacity continue to slow, but the ESP risk team has a better operating base and is still expected to remain at 10 per cent left, benefiting from improved business structures, with new business values rising year by year, reaching 2017.
39.4 per cent of the new business value and its built-in value for the promotion of Pacific life insurance have been growing faster,4 and new business values are expected to remain high in 2018 due to the persistence of the Pacific life insurance in the development of long-term and secure operations
A return to double-digit growth in the treasury operations and a gradual improvement in the combined cost ratio: 1 after restructured in 2015 and 2016 and eliminated some of the bad operations, $7.56 billion was achieved in 2017 as an important driver of growth in the insurance coverage of vehicles, 2018
For the third consecutive year, the combined recovery rate for insurance premiums has declined, but it has been affected by increased market competition following the change in the cost of insurance premiums. The combined cost rate has remained high, resulting in a limited decline in the combined cost rate. 2017 The theoretical valuation of $45.9-51.5 per share has been covered for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: Unexpected growth of manpower, declining share of guaranteed operations, significant increases in financial liquidity and investment volatility risk.1 The insurance industry has a full-size business, with strong corporate strength
1.1 The bottom line is deep and long-standing, with the insurance industry operating on a full-size licence, China Pacific Insurance Group (PSG) Ltd. (hereinafter “China Pacific Insurance Company”) which was formed on the basis of the China Pacific Insurance Corporation (CPI) established on 13 May 1991.
Headed in Shanghai, in 2007 and 2009, respectively, the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Joint Stock Exchange were successfully listed as the country's leading “a+h” integrated insurance group.
In 2001, the Pacific Insurance Department of China implemented institutional reforms and established the China Tai in September 2014, adopted the same decision in December 2014
In 2009, a Pacific insurance scheme was established through the Pacific Life Insurance Initiative.
In 1991, China established the China Pacific Investment Management Agency for Fiscal and Insurance Pensions and the Health Insurance Association of China.
Pacific Insurance Secretary, Life Insurance Holdings Manager Jiang, Production Insurance Co. Ltd., and China Tai
Insurance company, Inc.