A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Long-term prospect stays intact despite some NIM pressure
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 17.0)
Up/Downside
+25.5%
PAB reported 9M19 earnings of RMB 23.6bn, up 15.5% YoY and accounting for
Current Price
RMB 16.9
82.8%/84.0% of CMBIS/consensus full-year estimates. 3Q19 net profit picked
up 16.0% YoY, accelerating from 15.2% YoY in 1H19. Revenue growth stayed
China Banking Sector
robust at 19.4% YoY, driven by strong net interest income (+32.4% YoY) and
net fee income (+63.7% YoY), while offset by lower investment gain due to
high-base effect. The Bank boosted impairment charges (+21.8% YoY) for more
Terry Sun, CFA
stringent NPL recognition. As such, 9M19 annualized ROE edged up 4bps YoY
to 12.64% despite a dilution impact from CB conversion.
■ Results positives: 1) Loan growth was healthy at 3.3% QoQ, on the back
Karen Sui
of faster expansion of retail loans (+4.0% QoQ) vs corporate loans (+2.4%
QoQ). The proportion of retail loans reached 59.2% as of 3Q19. Meanwhile,
number of retail and private banking client grew steadily by 3.8% QoQ and
6.5% QoQ, respectively; 2) Net fee income surged 63.7% YoY, likely on
Stock Data
strong fees from settlement and agency service businesses; 3) Asset
327,766
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
quality remained stable. NPL ratio was flat at 1.68%, while above 90day
1,790.86
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
overdue loan ratio fell 12bps QoQ to 1.46%, implying stricter NPL
17.6/9.15
52w High/Low (RMB)
recognition. Credit cost rebounded to 3.2%, and provision coverage climbed
Total Issued Shares (mn)
17,170
3.7ppts to 186.2%; 4) Capital position was strengthened post CB
Source: Bloomberg
conversion. CET 1 and total CAR rose 87bps/74bps QoQ to 9.75%/
Shareholding Structure
13.36%. The Bank has proposed to issue RMB 50bn perpetual bonds, which
could further boost Tier 1 CAR by 196bps.
■ Results negatives: 1) NIM narrowed 9bps QoQ to 2.62%, as loan yields
retreated 19bps QoQ on possibly more prudent credit allocation, while
Share Performance
funding cost was largely stable. 2) Deposit balance shrank 2.3% QoQ,
after a decent 10.2% HoH growth in 1H19. CBIRC's tightened regulation on
structured deposits may restrain PAB's deposit growth, as its proportion of
structured deposit was 18.5% as of 2Q19.
Maintain BUY and raise TP to RMB 21.2. We see muted share price
12-mth Price Performance
reaction after the mixed 3Q19 results. However, we remain upbeat on PAB's
long-term outlook given the Bank's in-depth retail transformation and market-
oriented business strategy. We lifted our FY19-21 earnings forecast by 3-10%
and rolled forward the valuation basis to FY20. Our new RMB 21.2 TP is
derived from 1.35x target P/B and FY20E BVPS of RMB 15.7.
Source: Bloomberg
Related Reports
All-round improvement; NIM & NPL
Best proxy to capture the retail
Takeaways from retail banking
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.