Green power + storage is good enough to take off the real estate lightly. 25/05/2022 China Electricity Construction: China and the world's leaders in the hydropower industry.
China's electricity sector is the lead global in clean, low-carbon energy sources, drawing water from the taps of capacity-building, carrying out more than 80 per cent of the planned design tasks for large and medium-sized hydropower plants in China and over 65 per cent of the construction tasks, and occupying more than 50 per cent of the world's markets for large and medium-sized hydropower. It is the main unit for revising China's technical standards and regulations for hydropower, wind power and photovoltaic (photovoltaic) construction.
Green power + storage, good wind power: storage technologies currently suitable for new energy access applications, mainly pumping, \triangleright
By the end of 2021, the global pumping storage capacity stood at 181 million kilowatts, or 86.2% of the total storage capacity. The power of the pumping storage plant, which has a variety of functions, such as peaking, filling, FM, modulation, storage, accident backup and black start-up, is an important support for the construction of a new power system for modern smart grids.
In the United States, Germany, France, Japan, Italy, etc., the share of pumping water and gas power in the electricity system is more than 10%, while the share of pumping water and gas power stations in the country is only about 6%. In May 2021, the price policy for pumping water energy was put on the ground, and the cost constraint was resolved. In September of the same year, the National Energy Agency launched the Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for pumping water energy.
In January-April, our investment in infrastructure (excluding electricity) increased by +6.5 per cent, with an increase in investment in the water management sector.
12.0%. On 10 May of this year, the Ministry of Water hosted a special dispatch conference to promote the construction of major water projects in 2022, offering to accelerate the construction of major water projects to ensure that more than 30 new ones will start in 2022. The company is the domestic water pipeline, an advocate for “high-end cutting, planning ahead” and has a strong capacity to design water resources and watershed planning.
In line with the concept of watershed planning, system governance, the new agreement is important for the construction sector. The new agreement is $31,381 million for the annual hydroelectric operation, an increase of 46.59%.
In keeping with the new energy trends, it has continued to expand to green power operations. On the order structure, the photovoltaic and storage energy orders grew at a high rate in 2021, opening the market for green hydrogen in 2021, with a new contract of $9,744 million.
The growth rate is over 20% and the Māori rate is over 40% in the long term, and is the most profitable part of the company. The dynamic pe is 11x, 9x, and 7x. The construction firm has a certain difference between the top 2022 dynamic pe, which is 7x, and the 11x before the electricity project, which we consider to be related to business structures, such as electricity-free housing and leading transformations.
From this perspective, there is still room for electricity valuation. The company accelerates the transformation of green power operations, while benefiting from the extraction of water storage and capital year, and we keep looking at the future growth space of the company.
Sub-coverage, “Recommend” rating. 1 China Electricity: a world-class business with a global brand of excellence, China Power is a global leader in clean, low-carbon energy, and a leader in pumping water storage.
In China, in China, the Hydropower Construction Group, the China Hydroelectric Engineering Advisory Group and the National Electricity Network Company,