3x1 (600031) Mechanical equipment 24q1 net profit per year + 4.2% increase profitability Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• The impact of the downward cycle of domestic engineering machinery, which has led to a decline in the pressure of the excavation machinery, road machinery, and slabs. It is clear that this is mainly the downside effect of the domestic engineering machine cycle; road machinery yields $2.49 billion, compared to the same amount
The globalization strategy has continued, with high growth in major global markets and steady increases in profits from overseas markets. The increase in the scale of overseas sales and improved product structure has resulted in an increase in the Māori rate in overseas markets by 4.6 pp to 1 million yuan, or 11.1 per cent, compared with the previous; the European region has generated $16.25 billion, or +38.0 per cent; and the Americas region has recorded an increase in the Māori ratio by +4.6pp to +11.1 per cent.
The U.S. has become the fastest growing region overseas; and according to customs statistics, companies are still in the forefront of industry and market position in overseas exports of machines, cranes, machinery, concrete machinery products.
In 2023, the combined Māori rate was 27.7%, compared to +3.7 pp, and the Māori rate rose mainly as a result of the company ' s rising overseas sales, improved product structure, lower prices for raw materials, and domestic demand was moving closer, with the company leading the engineering and machinery industry, which was expected to benefit in depth.
In addition, given the “old-for-new” policy, the plate renewal cycle is expected to enter the recovery route. The company is the leader of the engineering and machinery industry in the country, with a high number of companies, with the number of excavators (about 30% +), track cranes (about 40%), stallers (about 30% +) being the first in the country, concrete machines being the number one in the world, and automobiles being the number one.
The company’s performance is expected to continue to recover as the domestic industry recovers. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
One hundred and thirty-one heavy jobs: the engineering and machinery industry led by the world’s first echelon of 1.1 deep farming for more than 30 years, and the engineering and machinery industry led by the achievement industry, three or one heavy engineering and engineering for more than 30 years, gradually growing into a global leader in the engineering and machinery industry.
3x1 Welding Materials Plant was set up in the city of Hunan Province and initially involved in welding products and equipment: in 1994, 3x1 was formally established and implemented a "two-way strategy" for large cities - Changsha and large industries - engineering machinery, in the field of engineering and construction equipment such as concrete transfer, pumps, etc., in the field of fabrication, and in 1998 the initial autonomous development of products such as towing pumps was achieved: in 1999, the layout began.
In the field of excavators, the product of the first-generation excavator sy200 was developed in 2000; over the decades, the Group has expanded its corporate coverage through new, acquired, etc., and has introduced a dozen new products in the series of concrete pumps, excavators, rollers, etc., which have gradually evolved into concrete machines, road machinery, excavator machinery, plant machinery, crane machinery, industrial vehicles, etc.
In 2012, the internationalization development strategy was launched in depth, with the year being the year of cross-border M&A acquisition of the first brand of global concrete machinery (Putzmeister) in Germany, with a share in 2014 of the “full-ball-on-car-on-the-car-on-the-car” machine giant (palfinger) in Austria. From 2018 to date, it has been digitalized, electricized and nationalized.
Under the strategy of internationalization, the competitiveness of the company’s products has continued to increase, with leading products such as excavators, large-ton cranes, swirling rigs, road-surface sets, etc., becoming China’s first brand. Figure 1: Triple 1 is a leader in domestic engineering and machinery, gradually growing into a global leader in industry.
In 2012, the company acquired Putsmeister and changed it all in 1989, welding the former city of Yuen, Hunan Province, and in 2003 it went on the market and became a Chinese engineering project.
The material factory was set up, and it started with the first private listing company in the mechanical industry, China.
The first long arms concrete transport pump was successfully developed in 2014, holding Parfig and forming a joint venture.
In 2004, the Tri-One Heavy Equipment Company and the Big City - Changsha and Big Industries - Engineering Machinery were established.
In 2016, the company acquired a "two-way strategy" for the production of weapons and equipment, deep-seated concrete.
In 2005, three or one heavy workers became the engineering and construction equipment area of China's share-sharing, pumps, etc.
In 2017, the Triad landed on the market, transferring 100 per cent of the stock of the Beijing Triad to Shenzhen Trinity.
In 2006, the first Indian overseas factory was set up, and in 2018 the company made a major effort to upgrade digital intelligence, including marketing services, R & D, supply chains, etc.
In 2007, the acquisition of the Beijing Trio machine, the injection of the plant, the upgrading of digitalization and intelligence in areas such as finance, etc. In 2019, the company earned more than 100 billion dollars in per capita output.
In 2011, the highest rate was recorded in the interior of the country, with the world leading in the engineering and machinery industry, and in 1999 in the field of layout excavators.
The second-largest global market value, 500, was the only Chinese engineering and mechanical firm to be ranked in 2020, completing the acquisition of the finance of the Trinity Car;
In 2000, the domestic market for concrete mechanical pump products became the top 500 for Forbes in the world. In 2010, it acquired Trinity and Hunan.
Top of the list, first-generation excavator products, engine cranes and concrete mixer operations; to set up the Indian lighthouse plant in 2022 to open up full-scale construction.
In 2000, it was decided to develop a asphalt concrete-store machine.
In April 2001, the prototype was offline, and in June the product was on the market. The product line was rich, including a wide range of products such as excavating machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, surface machinery and pillar machinery. 1) Excavating machinery: mini-diggers, small digs, mid-diggers, large-diggers, wheel excavators, loading machines, etc. (2) condensation.
earth machinery: pump, mixer, concrete mixer station, vehicle pump, electric vehicle pump, towing pump, sand pump, wetter, filling pump, fabric pole, sand mixer, new energy mixer, dry sand mixer station, sand/concrete double-mixing station, etc.)
(b) Mechanical equipment, such as cranes, multifunctional mounted cranes, flat-top cranes, point-top cranes, with-car cranes, etc. (4) surface machinery: machinery, such as standers, rollers, flat-ground machines, masons, asphalt blending stations, etc. (5) mechanical equipment, such as dredging drills, continuous wall grabs, double-wheeling rigs, multi-purpose dredging rigs, non-drilling products, etc.)
Product Series: Emergency Rescue Equipment Series: Compressed Air Foam Fire Vehicles, UAVs, Special Service Fire Vehicles, Operational Safety Vehicles, Anti-Ajection Fire Vehicles, High Platform Fire Vehicles, etc.: 2 Self-dismantling Vehicles, including Self-dismantling Vehicles, New Capables from Dismantling Vehicles, etc.
1) The extraction of mechanical plates is influenced by the down-cycle of the domestic industry, and the pressure on the harvest falls. The business is a core business of the company, mainly in fields such as farmland, water, railways, roads, construction, real estate, mining, etc.
Concrete mechanical plate collection is stable, with a slight increase in the Māori rate. The business is a company’s traditional advantage, including products such as concrete pumpers, concrete towing pumps, concrete mixers and concrete mixers stations, and is used mainly in infrastructure construction, such as railways, roads, subways, hydropower stations, metallurgical construction works, and real estate.
3) The high competitiveness of the products of the cranes has increased, and the recovery has been steady since the fall of the harvest. The operations include, inter alia, automobiles, cranes and tracked cranes, which are widely used in the electricity, steel, bridges, shipbuilding, petrochemicals, etc., where small-scale car cranes are used mostly for bulk operations such as municipal works, large-scale car cranes and tracked cranes.
For electricity, steel, shipbuilding, petrochemicals, etc. In February 2016, the harvest of 214 businesses continued to grow, with 17.6% of the industry, a strong industry position and a growth rate of more than 50% overseas, leading to firm corporate performance and a steady increase in the Māori field share, with the overall market share of the cranes rising by over 40%, the country's highest.
(4) The mechanical sections of the road board consist mainly of surface machines, standers and asphalt blending equipment, which fell 19.3 per cent in 2023, the same year-on-year rate. The downstream applications of the plate are mainly made up of roads, urban roads and airports, which account for 3.4 per cent, of which the market share of the stalling is 30 per cent, and is the highest in the country, with the city of ballasts, mills, mills, etc.
In recent years, the collection of slabs of machinery has declined. The company’s piece of machinery and equipment is dominated by swirling rigs for basic construction, municipal construction, road bridges, industrial and civil buildings, underground consecutive walls, water and permeability ramps.
1.2 New and old operations and overseas operations are booming and corporate profitability is steadily increasing. Corporate revenue is growing at a high rate, with cagr exceeding 35%. 2021h2 domestic engineering machinery is entering a downward cycle, company revenue is growing at an insufficient rate throughout the year, market demand is falling sharply, and the engineering and machinery market is entering a downward adjustment period, with company revenue falling by 24.4% on a year-on-year basis.
The profit of $4.53 billion, an increase of 5.5 per cent over the same period, domestic engineering and machinery remained low, but the corporate internationalization strategy was well under way, the international market was growing, and the international business rate of Maori was high. The company ' s overall Māori rate and net interest rate of 2024q1 was raised by $17.830 billion, a decrease of 1.0 per cent, and the net return to the mother of $1.58 billion, an increase of 4.2 per cent.
In 2021-2023, the gross gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) was 27.7 per cent, an increase of 3.7 percentage points in the same year. The increase in the gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) was mainly due to higher overseas sales, real ownership by the founder of the company, and a more stable equity structure.
2.78% in shares and 16.59% in indirect shares through the tri-groups, with a combined share of 19.37%. The company has engineering and machinery-related backgrounds at its top, and has extensive technical experience: the founder, Mr. Liang, graduated from China University in the field of metal materials and heat treatment, formerly Deputy Director of the HUN-HUN Mechanics Re-engineering and Director of the Yuen-Yuan Special Welding Materials Factory, Department of Warfare Industries; and the current Chairman of the Board addressed Wenboschen.
He is currently serving as an expert member of the National Advisory Council on the Construction of the Powerful State: Mr. Yu Hongofo, Vice-President and President of the National Council of Manufacturing, and is currently the Deputy Secretary-General of the Excavator Section of the Chinese Association of Engineering and Machinery. He is also the Chairman and President of the Trinity Group and the Director of the Company.
Mr. Tang is one of the company ' s main founders and has more than 30 years of experience in the mechanical industry. 1) Mechanic excavations: 1) domestic: domestic excavators are more relevant to real estate, capital construction cycles, and the industry is still at the bottom of the construction process, with the expected return of the domestic industry in 2024; 2) overseas: export of excavators to overseas markets at present
The volume of sales has increased at a high rate, but overall domestic exports have remained at a high level and exports have continued to rise. Three major workers, as industry leaders, have been champions in the domestic market for excavator products for 13 consecutive years, their share in the global market has continued to rise, and the Māori rate for overseas products is high, and the Māori rate for the plate is expected to rise steadily.
2) Concrete machinery: Concrete machinery is dominated by concrete pumps, mixers and transport vehicles, which are more relevant to real estate and infrastructure. The current down-turn in real estate, which has led to a sharp drop in sales of domestic concrete machinery, is expected to recover as domestic real estate, infrastructure and construction progress to the bottom.
Brands, with the bottom-up cycle of engineering machinery and the rise in overseas earnings, are expected to generate revenue for 2024-2026. 3) Heavy lifting machines include mainly engineering cranes and construction cranes, which are dominated by car cranes, construction is dominated by tower cranes, which are downstream associated with wind power, infrastructure, real estate, etc., compared to other industries.
Engineering machinery, crane products and real estate cycles are relatively low. 1) At home: the downside of real estate in 2022-2023 was marked by a decline in crane sales, followed by a steady recovery. 2) Abroad: thanks to the resilience of domestic industry supply chains and the long-term cushioning of national product plates in overseas markets, the country ' s crane exports continue to be strong.
As one of the leading cranes, the share of the automobile crane market has risen rapidly, and the revenue from the business is expected to be close to the macro-policy changes that we have in 2024-2026, as well as those of the Willows, the Middle Union Heavy Unit, and the Helium Hydraulic Pressure 3 companies that are in the engineering and machinery field.
Changes in policy and in the growth of fixed-asset investments will affect the demand of downstream customers of companies and consequently the marketing of their products. 2) The risks of uncertainty in the development of overseas markets. Corporate internationalization is steadily developing, international market development and economic growth abroad remain uncertain, and the scale and efficiency of corporate sales may be affected by increased competition or falling demand in overseas markets.
3) Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. The company has a certain amount of foreign currency operations, such as United States dollars, which, if the currency in question fluctuates, will have an impact on the company’s financial position.