Erosion equipment drives the growth of corporate revenue, and new orders are sufficient for the future. Events: The company released its mid-2024 report, with 2024h1 generating $3.448 billion, which is a rapid increase in corrosion equipment and a marked increase in new orders.
There has been a steady increase in client recognition, with a significant increase in the volume of new payments for high-end products of critical etching industries in advanced logic and storage equipment manufacturing. 2024h1, the company earned 2,698 million yuan in corrosion equipment, an increase of approximately 56.68 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and the share of corrosion equipment in operating income from the same period in the previous year.
In the first half of lpcvd, new orders of $168 million were added and new products started to be released. Research and development of products such as etching, film deposition, etc. are increasing in size, and platform-based layouts are advancing well.
The primary product plasma etching equipment is the most critical microprocessor in addition to the light engraving machine. It is the equipment with the largest total market value/flow (million yuan) and the most difficult process development. 1.ccp equipment: company ccp etching
Premode-rie, Primoad-rie, Primoad-rie-e, plus payment for ccp etching equipment Primohd-rie, Primohd-rie and Primoud-rie
In June of that year, the company cumulatively produced and shipped more than 3,600 ccp etching stations, and in the first half of 2024, the number of new delivery equipment was at an all-time high. 2.1 cp etching equipment: the company's icp etching equipment covers chips and chips such as logic, dram, 3dnand, power and power management, and microelectric systems.
More than 60 customers of the device produced in quantities on the production line and continued to verify more corrosion applications. >70% annual compound growth was achieved in the primonanova series in the icp etching device for nearly three years with cavity installation on the client.
The company has a cumulative volume of mocvd products in excess of 500 cavities, maintaining the leading position in the international nitrogen-based mocvd equipment market.
As the leading domestic semiconductor equipment platform, we expect the company to have 2024-26, corrosion equipment that will drive the growth of the company, new orders that will be ready for the future, etching equipment that will drive the growth of the company, new orders that will be ready for the future.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report