El ophthalmology (300015.sz)
The company published three-quarterly reports yesterday evening, 2017, and realized operating income of $4.382 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 42.16 per cent; net profit deductions of $657 million, an increase of 38.86 per cent in the third quarter
Three-quarter extension M & As, single-quarter revenue and net profit double-innovation of billions of yuan, a 45.02% increase in the same year, and single-quarter revenue and profit innovation regardless of absolute and accelerated growth. In the previous three quarters, the company had completed a total of awhealthcaremanment, llc, and clínica.
A total of 10 domestic and foreign ophthalmological hospitals, including baviera, s.a. have been acquired and are expected to receive about $430 million in external M & As, contributing a net profit of about $50 million to the parent company; clínicabaviera, s.a. was completed in the third quarter (10 August) (86.83 per cent of issued equity after the offer), and table
Domestic and international M&As, globalization, the emergence of the international van ophthalmology hospital, the model of a company's chain of specialized hospitals are highly replicable and, in addition to self-built in some cities, most of them are pre-established or M&A hospitals through the company's participation in industry or M&A funds, outside the listed company system.
In December 2016, the Public Prosecutor’s Office announced a plan to launch an injection of the first nine company-based surgical hospitals.
In addition, in terms of internationalization, El ophthalmology acquired the Hong Kong Eye Linked Medical Drone Group Asia, and was in good business: the merger deal with the United States high-end eye centre wangvision has also been completed.
On August 10th, El ophthalmology completed its offer of clínicabaviera, s.a.86.8% of the largest ophthalmological chain in Europe, through its wholly-owned subsidiary El Hong Kong.
From China’s mainland to the world, the company’s globalization, and the emergence of the world’s van ophthalmology hospital, continued high performance growth, 2016-10-27, El ophthalmology (3000015) injected into the first system.
Hospitals, construction headquarters and informatization, aid companies have increased the price of El ophthalmology (300015) to 56/43/32x.
At present, 80.1 times the industry-wide level of health care (Senwan), 121 times the health-care chain of health-care services, 121 times the health-care chain of the Year, and the dental link of medical care, risk of medical safety accidents; the new hospital is not profitable as expected; and the risk of supervision.
Three years of el ophthalmology between pe-band swing zones, Wang Fenghua, a graduate student at the People’s University of China, is currently the Executive Director of the Institute of United Securities.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.