Elephthalm (300015.sz)
Level-based chain layout, internal outreach expansion: after many years of development, the company has developed a business model with a hierarchy: level-I hospitals with the highest clinical and scientific capacity are positioned as the company ' s technology centres for patients with impaired eyes and technical support for level-II hospitals; there are rules.
Linked hospitals in the capital city of Modified and more clinically competent provinces are located as level II hospitals, with emphasis on full eye services, provincial-level crisis centres and technical support for level III hospitals; hospitals established at the local and municipal levels as level III hospitals, with a focus on eye vision and common ophthalmology
The company has adopted an expansionary model of internal outreach. In addition to self-building and direct acquisition, it has established several M & As funds, which have accelerated the expansion of the company by developing mature in vitro. Currently, there are about 120 M & A hospitals, which have been successfully integrated into nine to nine hospitals this year.
Listed companies, we expect that in the future, M&A funds will continue to develop mature hospitals and integrate them into listed companies. Internationalization will accelerate and build on its built-in strength: the process of internationalization of companies will accelerate with successive acquisitions of the Hong Kong Asian Medical Group (Hong Kong's famous ophthalmological institution), the United States of America's awhealthcare.
Management, llc (U.S. High-end Eye Center) and the largest chain of ophthalmology in Europe, clínicabaviera, s.a. We believe that the company's continued expansion abroad is scaling up the product mix.
Increasing performance will be accompanied by an increase in the internal strength of the company: as integration deepens, medical services - para-molecular surgery - medical services - cataract surgery
Advanced business models, management concepts and advanced technology from abroad will gradually bear fruit in the company’s home-grown viewing services chain.
Institutional investors as a share of circulation a. \triangleright revenue from corporate draught surgery in the year was $80 million, an increase of 41.7 per cent over the same year, and income from visual services
We believe that the market space is huge, given the rising incidence of youths’ near-sightedness and the increased awareness of eye health. And as the consumption of kurning surgery rises and the company’s sightings continue to sink, we expect that the company’s kurning and sightings will continue to protect.
High-speed growth: 217h1 cataract surgery generated revenues of 650 million yuan, an increase of 32.7 per cent over the same period; and with the dilution of the impact of the Weissi incident and the resumption of cataract surgery operations, we expect the company cataract surgery to follow with increased community screening and the promotion of high-end surgery.
The medical chain leads, the regional layout is perfect, but there is still much room for vertical deep-deeping, and we believe that the company will be able to achieve faster than the policy dividend of emergency treatment under which the state encourages social care.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.