The performance supermarket is expected to earn a long-term profit from the increase in the power of the grant.
Lee Ping-ho, the company published a three-quarter report for 17 years. The company achieved $4.382 billion in operating income in the first three quarters, an increase of 42.16 per cent compared to the previous three quarters. The net profit of the parent company was $633 million, an increase of the same amount.
Quarterly non-recurrent gains and losses amounting to -0.24 million, mainly from other out-of-service expenditures), and companies ' withholding non-performance acceleration market expectations. eps 0.42 in the first three quarters of 17 years. Of this amount, operating revenues of $1,792 million were realized in the third quarter, an increase of 54.10 per cent.
Information for the preparation of the present report. (i) High pace of business development, draught and cataract contribution.
In the first three quarters of 17 years, we estimate that the major sub-specialties are as follows:
At a relative depth of 300, kryptonum surgery increased by about 45% in the same year, rising by 17h1 more; the amount of income is estimated to be around $1.4 billion. The growth of kryptonum surgery is largely dependent on high consumption growth.
This trend has led to an increase in the proportion of high-end operations. Cataract operations have increased by about 40% over the same period, which has been prolonged by the second quarter, and high-end crystallized operations, which have increased in the first three quarters of the year.
As cataract surgery rises, we predict that future cataract operations will continue to benefit from China’s vast market space. Visual operations will increase by 30% over the same period.
El ophthalmology (300015) reports semi-annually that business growth is accelerating, and that companies will buy each third quarter of the year from Yuhama, Taian, Xijiang, Dawyang, Dong-yung, Fushan,
The combination of nine hospitals in Huzhou, Taiwon Conming and Kiwana has resulted in a positive assessment of income and net profits: the impact of cataract operations, but we estimate that the impact of the new hospital injections in the last three quarters has not been significant for the company’s performance.
El ophthalmology (3000015) reports that steady growth continues and is still dominated by endogenous growth.
(ii) Clínicabaviera, s.a. September, the internationalization strategy was well under way. On 9 August 17, the company completed the clínicabaviera cut-off and paid all the amounts involved.
The monthly profits have increased to a limited extent to three quarters of the reported performance. Now that the company has recognized the investment costs associated with most M&As, we believe that the M&A costs have been absorbed.
(iii) Determination of additional approvals confirming the viability of the M & As model and contributing to long-term profitability. During the reporting period, the private issuance of companies was approved and the M & As model was endorsed by the regulatory body: on 27 September 17, the company ' s application for the non-public distribution of shares was approved by the CVM. The total amount of funds raised in this closed issue was eventually adjusted to read:
It is planned to invest in the construction of the headquarters building, 6.64% in Harbin, 33.72% in the expansion of two hospitals in Chongqing, and 33.72% in nine hospitals in the M & A fund; and 10.44% in the informatization project. Funding for the acquisition of the ophthalmology hospital has not been reduced, reflecting the endorsement of the corporate M & A fund model.
With this increase, the company is expected to further deepen its chain-of-hospital system, improve its network layout, expand market coverage, further consolidate and enhance the scale effect, synergies, and continuously increase its profitability.
3. The ophthalmology hospital acquisition project (9), in addition, other investments in the proposed increase in investment are also contributing to the company ' s long-term profitability: the construction of the headquarters building project is conducive to upgrading the management capacity of the company ' s headquarters, integrating management, research and development teaching and innovation incubation functions; two hospital relocation expansion projects include:
The project is expected to provide technical support for the horizontal and horizontal advancement of the company’s chaining system. The company is the leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing size and branding, and its network layout.
Profitability continues to grow; at the same time, companies actively explore new business and internationalization paths, with broad prospects. Companies are expected to fall back to impact in 17-19, which is 56/42/32 times higher.