Three-quarterly performance continues to grow fast - three-quarterly review in 2017.
The three-quarterly performance continued to grow at a rapid rate, with companies achieving operating income of $4.382 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 42.13 per cent in the same year, and continued to grow at a rapid rate. The third quarter recorded operating income of $1,792 million, an increase in the same year.
54.10 per cent net profit of $271 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 38.30 per cent. The company's core operations, such as kurning surgery, cataract surgery, and visual services, are protected. The company's sales rate for the first three quarters was 48.46 per cent, an increase of 1.11 per cent over the same period last year.
The cost of the company ' s first three quarters was 27.25%, which is faster than last year ' s domestic site layout, and the process of internationalization is continuing.
The hospital focuses on a network layout, vertically promoting the construction of a provincial-level chain system, and increasing the radiation area of the network of hospitals. The company completed the acquisition of nine hospitals, such as Al-Nabama and Yangtze ophthalmology, while accelerating the construction of hospital projects in various locations through the M & A fund, thereby increasing the company’s reserves.
A number of high-quality M&As have accelerated the deployment of the domestic network. At present, the number of in-house and out-of-the-hospital hospitals in the company has been increased. In addition, internationalization has completed the acquisition of 75% of the shares of the famous U.S. ophthalmology facility, the awalthcare management, and the llc through El-Eye.
Cote d’Ivoire (Europe) Ltd. offers to acquire the largest European ophthalmologist chain, clínica baviera, s.a. sets out a strategic approach to corporate global development. Overseas acquisitions, on the one hand, are reported on for the first time: 28 August 2017.
The acquisition of high-quality and stable performance indicators to enhance corporate performance as a whole, on the one hand, and the introduction of advanced management concepts and diagnostic techniques abroad, on the other, will allow faster development of domestic operations. Corporate risks include, but are not limited to, the following: expansion does not match the expected risks: market competition.
Risks; integrating risks; policy risks; medical risks. Valuations are close to the median in the health-care sector.
As we move forward, we look forward to the company’s development in the coming period and maintain the “uptake” of the geese’s research. Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.