El ophthalmology (300015): Intra- and extraneous double-wheel drive with sustained high performance growth Recommended (for the first time) faster than 33.93 per cent of q2, q1, 31.17 per cent; company performance increased slightly in the third quarter
During the reporting period, it is expected that the company’s core business will continue to improve in terms of draught surgery, cataract surgery, and visual profitability. The company’s sales rate for the first three quarters was 48.46 per cent, an increase of 1.11 percentage points compared to the previous three quarters: the company’s Māori level has continued to increase over the past few years.
In the period under review, the company’s three-cost rate was 27.25%, a decline of 0.21 pp compared to the previous period, with a sharper increase in financial cost rates, which is expected to be mainly associated with an increase in overseas M&A liabilities.
The strategic layout of the internationalization landscape. In recent years, the company has been able to speed up the layout of the two-line, three-line and suburban cities by means of new or M&As. This year, the company has become a complete one.
The company has now completed the layout of 200 local hospitals and is expected to reach 1,000 county hospitals over the next three years, when the network of hospitals throughout the country is largely in place.
Expanding, this year, the company has been actively trying to internationalize the medical layout of the largest ophthalmology chain in Europe, by acquiring the largest clanicabaviera, s.a. by completing the awhaalthcare of the famous ophthalmology facility in the United States.
The acquisition of 75% of the shares is facilitated by overseas M&As, which enables the Department to introduce advanced diagnostic techniques and management concepts in foreign high-end eye markets, and to upgrade the overall level of ophthalmology and research capabilities of companies.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.