On 24 October, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2017: first half of the year, net return to the mother, withholding of non-net profits, respectively.
The company's three-quarters report showed excellent performance, with net profits collected and deducted in the previous three quarters having exceeded the previous year's total. In a single quarter, income was 1,792 million (+54.1%), net profit from the mother was 271 million (+38.3%), net profit from the withholding was $292 million, and the rate of growth of the cataract affected overall performance, with a low base for the resumption of cataract operations this year.
Growth, expected to increase by more than 40 per cent: 3) nine hospitals, such as Wabama El and Yangtze, purchased by companies in the first half of the year: 4) Acquisition of clínicabaviera, s.a, completed on 9 August, with an expected new month; Tier chaining of brand advantages to speed up network layout
The company focuses on the local, county, and district areas, where resources are shared to enable patients at the grass-roots level to access high-quality eye care. The higher hospital provides technical support to lower-level hospitals, optimizing the allocation of resources and facilitating patient access.
With the official opening of the Xian Hospital on 15 October, the network's radiation zone reached 200 inner-field ophthalmology hospitals, covering more than 70 per cent of the country's population in more than 30 provinces and cities, achieving the target three years ahead of schedule, chain reproduction capacity, extending the foreign market and raising the international profile of brand names.
The company accelerated its internationalization to build a web layout across Asia and Europe, completed its equity acquisition of the famous American Eye Center wangvision in the first half of the year through a new American subsidiary, Aerre International, and acquired the largest European eye chain, Clínicabaviera, s.a.
The company's global layout of the ophthalmology-related industrial chain. The actual controllers will subscribe to no less than 20% of the shares, demonstrating long-term confidence that this September's proposed addition has been approved by the SEC Review Board and that the actual controller, Mr. Chen Bong, has promised to subscribe to no less than 20% of the shares.
20% of the total number of shares, plus the total shareholdings of Chen Bong, after completion, will be raised to three, profit projections and investment proposals.
El ophthalmology (300015): stable number of ophthalmology surgeries
Tsai Mingko, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Macao University of Science and Technology, joined the civil securities in September 2015. The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.