High performance, especially at the end of the income line.
El ophthalmology published three-quarter reports in 2017, with companies achieving revenues of $4.382 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 42.16 per cent in the same year, a net return of $633 million, an increase of 35.06 per cent in the same year and a net profit of $657 million after deduction, an increase of 38.86 per cent in the same year.
At the profit end, the company’s net profit growth rate in the first three quarters was 35.06%, close to the forecast median, and overall met expectations, and after removing the combined effects of nine hospitals, clínica baviera, awalthcaremanage, we estimated that the company’s growth rate in profits was above 25%, maintaining a high rate of growth. At the income side, the growth rate in the company’s earnings in the first three quarters was 42.16%, and the elimination and the impact of the table was estimated at around 30%.
In terms of the main operations, we estimate them on the basis of the reported situation and last three quarters: cataract operations: three quarters of the company ' s cataract operations last year were affected by the Weissi events, and this year we regressed to a high rate of growth, and we estimate that cataract operations receive back-of-the-eye surgery: estimated back-of-the-eye earnings of around $300 million, close to 40 per cent more than the same year.
The periods +0.16 pp, 1-12 pp, +0.84 pp, respectively, include a decrease in the management cost rate, which we believe is the result of amortization brought by the gradual contribution of income from new hospitals in recent years, while the rise in the financial cost rate is mainly due to the increase in interest payable due to increased borrowing.2 The domestic hospital network is improving and the internationalization strategy is steadily advancing.2
The expansion of the country’s hospitals has been successful and the network has been improving. Since the company’s M & A fund was established in 2014, the rate of expansion has increased significantly, and there are now nearly 200 Eastern financial and intellectual sources of professional ophthalmology (the company + M & A fund) and the company’s target for 2020 is 200 local and municipal hospitals and 1,000 district hospitals, and a domestic network of hospitals.
The company completes the acquisition of 75% of the United States stock in the year and the acquisition of the largest European eye chain, Clínicabaviera, in conjunction with the Asian Medical Group acquired in 2015, which is now Corporate International.
The strategy has already achieved the three-step “Hong Kong-United States-Europe” approach, and companies in the future will continue to look globally, meeting China’s growing demand for high-end medical services through a deep “sharing of global ophthalmological wisdom.” Even with pre-positioned funding in August, 31.09%, 29.57%, corresponding to 58x, 44x, and 34x, of the dry bulk cargo ship business in September, remain at a loss.
The sex-wide shop layout, with the company-cum-merger fund model fast-incubating the door shop, captures central cities and provincial capital city heights, starts to be deep, while remaining at the front end of the industry in terms of internationalization and business-like innovation. A strong research-production-learning platform and talent-incentive policies drive growth and growth within companies.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the South's wealth, the source of the Yang Yang
One, the seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015, and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015.
Mu Xin I analyzes his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies