Volume efficiency gains contributed to higher-than-expected growth in performance, and priority projects continued to drive forward the future! The wealth of energy (600,989.sh) achieved a net return of $2.09 billion, an increase of 10.75 per cent over the same period, and a deduction of non-return of $2.07 billion, an increase of 15.54 per cent over the same period.
Without fear of low oil prices and the challenges of the epidemic, efficiency gains are guaranteed high growth. Since 2020, as a result of the sharp fall in international oil prices and the epidemic, prices for the company ' s main products have fallen significantly, with the company ' s polyethylene selling averaged 5810 yuan per ton in the first half of 2020, a decrease of 20.56 per cent in the same year, and polypropene selling averaged 6755 yuan per ton in the same year.
At the end of the year, Zhang Yinsheng launched a project to raise 600,000 tons of methanol-based acetylene, with a significant increase in the production of the company ' s products. In the first half of 2020, the company sold 34,423,000 tons of polyethylene, an increase of 90 per cent in the same year, and 3,379,000 tons of polypropene, an increase of 104 per cent in the same year.
In addition to the new coronary disease, which has a timely and effective approach, with about 14,000 employees in the company infected, and in the second month of spring plus the worst impact of the epidemic, the production capacity of polyolefins, cara, Hong Young-dong Research Assistant and carbon is close to 100%. In addition, the company has further improved the efficiency of production.
Stable, well-burned coal, with kerosene falling from 1.55 to 1.5 in the previous year, and 30,000 tons of raw coal (distorted coal) saved; Cyclops I reduced the cost of catalysts by 30 per cent and saved more than 10 million yuan by switching to the same-performance and lower-priced catalysts; FyCO II reduced its single consumption to 2.87 per cent, at industry-led levels. Stable operations, increased sales, and increased efficiency combined to ensure that companies still achieved the same rate of growth in low oil prices and the epidemic challenge.
The advantages of integration are further highlighted by the increase in self-produced coal and methanol production. According to the company ' s July 23, 2020 announcement, the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, Ningxia Bo Fung Group, is red 4 \triangleright.
Coal Industries Limited has received a mining licence from the Natural Resources Office of the Ningxia Autonomous Region. The company’s own coal mining licence will be increased from the current 5.1 million tonnes/year to 7.5 million tonnes/year, further increasing the company’s coal self-sufficiency. On May 29, 2020, the Public Ministry’s project to raise funds was a joint test vehicle for the gasification of 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol, producing qualified methanol, and the company’s methanol will become self-sufficient with coal.
"Without fear of low oil prices, the cost of producing methanol is rising again, carbon self-sufficiency is increasing, methanol is self-sufficient, and the company's coal-methanol-cylene integration advantages will be further highlighted!
Priority projects are continuing, opening up more imagination! The company ' s priority projects are continuing, with 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons project planned for 20208 Highlights!. "2020.7 Construction started in August and production completed by the end of 2022; 3 million tonnes/year coal-corrosing multi-production project started construction in May 2020 and planned to be completed by the end of 2021
The company will speed up its work process in order to complete all pre-construction approvals by Sindha Securities Co. Ltd. as soon as possible. The company will continue to grow at a high rate as the new project comes into operation!
Risk factors: (a) the risk of less than expected completion of production capacity; (b) the risk of a substantial drop in international oil prices; and (c) the risk of a substantial drop in the price of coke.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and China Chemical Group seven years of management experience. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is engaged in research in the chemical industry, and Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, which has been approved by the China Securities Commission. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sunda Securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.