In the first quarter of 2020, international oil prices fell sharply, without taking into account the negative oil prices resulting from the trade-side effects.
Wti crude oil prices fell from $61 per barrel at the beginning of the year to the lowest $10 per barrel on 21 April 2020, a significant 83 per cent drop, and, with the large cut in production and demand of Opec+ and the gradual recovery, Wti crude oil prices had recovered to $42.2 per barrel as of 5 August 2020, with a low rebound of 32 per cent. With the fall in oil prices in the first quarter, the company continued to achieve a 13 per cent rise in revenue by the same year through increased sales, and the Māori sales rate remained relatively high at 36 per cent with oil prices!
In the first half of 2020, the company ' s operating income grew by 15.35 per cent over the same period, net profit for the same year, net profit for the same year by 10.75 per cent over the same period, and net profit for the same year was increased by both revenue and net profit for the second quarter of the company, according to the company ' s performance report.
According to the company ' s announcement of 23 July 2020, the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, the Ningxia Bo-Fung Group, has received a mining licence from the Natural Resources Agency of the Ningxia Autonomous Region.
By 2.4 million tonnes/year, the company’s own coal mining licence will increase from the current 5.1 million tonnes/year to 7.5 million tonnes/year, increasing the company’s own coal self-sufficiency rate. The company’s own coal production has a significant cost advantage compared to foreign coal purchases, and as the company’s coal self-sufficiency rate increases further, the company’s cost advantage as the leader of the Western coal industry will be highlighted.
According to the company ' s announcement of 2 June 2020, on 29 May 2020, the company ' s collection project, coke, gasification of 2.2 million tons/year methanol, was a successful joint test vehicle for the production of qualified methanol, which marked the full commissioning of the project, the realization of the company ' s polyolefin feedstock methanol project, and the self-sufficiency of the company ' s methanol, which will further reduce the cost of methanol!
The West Integrated Coalification Lead, the competitive advantage in the context of the downside of oil prices highlights! 2020.7 \triangleright!
Risk factors: (a) the risk of less than expected completion of the build-in capacity; (b) the risk of a substantial drop in international oil prices; and (c) the risk of a significant drop in the price of coke.
Zhang Yinsheng, University of Qinghua, Department of Chemicals, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Beijing University, Master of Financial Sciences, China Chemical Industries Group, seven years of management experience. In March 2015, the China Chemical Research and Development Centre formally joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre, a chemical industry research company, Sunda Securities Corporation, Inc. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) has the qualifications to consult on securities approved by the China Certification Commission. This report was produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.