Mining licences for the red four coal mines, the increase in coal self-sufficiency and the consolidation of low-yielding coal sources (600989.sh) incident: the company announced on 23 July 2020 that its wholly-owned subsidiary, the Ningxia Bo Fong Group, had limited access to the Red four coal industry.
The company received a mining licence from the Natural Resources Department of the Ningxia Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.
The company’s coal self-sufficiency rate will continue to increase and strengthen its low-cost advantage with the future production of the Dingjiang coal mine and the inner moon-based coal mine. In addition, the company’s capacity is being accelerated in the context of low oil prices, and projects such as the 1 million tons of coal-based acetylene three are continuing, further expanding the layout of the inner moon base.
• An expansion of the coal mine and an increase in the self-sufficiency of raw materials to consolidate the low-cost advantage.
The company will then contribute about 1.44 million tons of refined coal per year, and the company’s self-sufficiency rate for coal cokering will increase from 55% to tons of dung coal mines and boosted interior projects. By expanding its own coal mine, the company will strengthen its resource security capacity and consolidate its low-cost advantages, laying the foundation for expanding the industrial chain of the modern coal industry cycle.
• Reverse growth in a low oil price environment, with future growth likely
The company now has 1.2 million tonnes/year of production capacity, the chain of industry, or more than 4 million tonnes/year of co-production capacity; the company will build 3 million tonnes/year coal combination multi-product projects and 1 million tonnes/year.
In addition, the layout of the interior base will be further extended.
This advantage, which is entirely self-suspending, further increases the size advantage and future growth prospects.
Project 2.2 million tons of methanol in production, with full self-sufficiency, with greater cost. -2020.6.3