Losses on exchange affect a quarter of revenue, consumer electronic multiwire flowering guarantees performance throughout the year Information technology technology hardware and equipment loss on exchange affects a quarter of performance, and consumer electronic multiwire flowering leads to long-term growth.
In the first quarter of 2018, it was reported that in the first quarter of 2018, losses on exchange and the impact of research and development inputs on current profits could be expected to increase significantly throughout the year. The company’s products were mainly for export sales and were mainly in United States dollars.
In addition, management costs have increased by about $178 million, mainly because of the high R & D costs associated with the development of new products. Many of the company’s operations are well under way, and since 2017, new products have been invested in a huge amount, with two quarters of coverage starting.
The company's business is going well, with a marked increase in the share category. The company, following the development line of “old customers, new products: old products, new customers, new markets”, has made steady gains in profits by continuing to make breakthroughs in new products, new customers.
Continued expansion, atropods wireless headphones, linear motors, wireless chargers, acoustics, etc., have a share in many operations or an intrinsic logic of single machine value enhancement, and the performance in 2018 is expected to continue with high growth. The share of airpods continues to rise, becoming the first source of a customer.
Dealer, Wireless charger is moving into a new apple for 18 years, the icp antenna is expected to become one of the main producers of the a-client segment, the share of the audio device is expected to increase steadily, and the second half of the linear motor business will start to be released, with a high level of certainty in the year’s high-growth trend.
With $289 million added, the total value of the construction work in progress is $1.17 billion, and the company is looking forward to the future development of a diversified layout of communications, automobiles, and electronics. As consumer electronics continues to expand, the company continues to diversify its telecommunications, car electronics.
Communications companies continue to move forward on lf products, photovoltaics and interconnected products; automobiles companies, while traditional businesses have steadily developed, have acquired companies such as Trw into new energy vehicles in 17 years, and are expected to become another flashpoint outside the consumer electronics sector.
Losses on exchange affect a quarter of the revenue, consumer electronic multi-line flowering guarantees performance throughout the year, currency loss affects a quarter of the performance, consumer electronic multi-line flowering leads to long-line development.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.