The o2 scenario is better than the o1, and the import of new items in the second half of the year is about to break out on 24th of April, 2018.
Events: The company announcement for the first quarter of 2018, which generated revenues of $5,404 million, an increase of 37.41 per cent over the previous quarter and a net profit of $333 million, an increase of 10.51 per cent over the same period.
Without being affected by the decline in the delivery of mobile phones, rapid growth has continued, mainly as a result of: (i) a larger increase in the earnings of the airpods compared to the previous quarter; (ii) an increase in the share of acoustic products; and (iii) the harvesting of national mobile phone wireless charging orders.
We expect a sustained improvement in the end of the climb of the new production line: 19.7% in the first quarter of the company and 2.61 percentage points in the first quarter of the company, mainly as a result of the end of the climb of the airpods production line in the second half of last year. We expect a sustained improvement in the second quarter of the company ' s Māori ratio due to the fact that the new production line in Jiangxi is almost complete in the first quarter.
Inputs, increased currency exchange losses, increased corporate management costs and financial costs in the first quarter by 178 million and 107 million per year, respectively, have had an impact on the rate of net profit growth. The outlook for the second quarter is better than for the second quarter, and the import of new items in the second half of the year will be full-blown: companies are expected to contribute better to their performance in the first half of the year; 2) we expect less pressure on corporate exchange losses in the second quarter based on current exchange rate movements; 3) Apple wireless transmission end airpower is expected
We believe that in the second half of the year, the firm’s real sight is that, under a combination of a cheap 6.1 inch version of lcdiphone+2 and an iPhone version of lcd, the volume of apples is expected to warm back, when the company’s new product, the lcp antenna, the wireless charge, enters the apple, and its performance will be full-blown.  Profit predictions and investment proposals: net profits are expected to be 25, 35, and 46.2 billion yuan in 18-20.
The company's performance is expected to grow faster in the last two years, and there is still room for improvement in the 18-year valuation, maintaining “buying 1. High annual performance growth, 18 years for continuous import of new products, 18 years for precision”.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Corporation has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.