The Ethylene Project has entered the design phase, opening up new growth space for companies The company has recently announced that LNPC has completed a feasibility study for the annual production of 4 million tonnes of ACs and the annual production of 2.5 million tonnes of Ethylene fission ethylene project and has entered the design phase.
The 2.5 million tons of air head ethylene project from the cloud base is in the design stage, with no pre-eminence to open up the company's new growth space.
According to the company's announcement, the recently completed feasibility study for a project to produce 2.5 million tons of ethylene fission ethylene per year, with 4 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons per year produced by the company, and an official declaration to the approval department of the project, entitled 3.2 million tons of polycarbons per year produced by the company, was determined to be the equivalent of 3.2 million tons of polycarbons per year.
With the project, the engineering work on the plant and the off-site side projects is entrusted to China's petrochemical engineering company Ltd. ethylene imports are currently highly dependent, amounting to more than $3,000 in tons, ethylene and its downstream is one of the most profitable products in the chemical industry, and the project is expected to grow in the company's future profits after delivery.
The unit is fully integrated in the c3 industrial chain compared to the 300-deep trend and continues to benefit from the acrylic and downstream climate cycles \triangleright
The company currently has 450,000 tons of acrylic on the c3 chain, 300,000 tons of polypropylene, 480,000 tons of acrylic acid, 450,000 tons of acrylic acid, 900,000 tons of acrylic acid, 300,000 tons of polypropylene, 840,000 tons of acrylic acid, 810,000 tons of acrylic ester, 220,000 tons of dioxyhydrate, and a large elasticity in the production-benefit chain of c3 chain.
Environmentally tight, company c3 products are expected to rise in prices, with the country becoming more environmentally friendly and the country's highly polluting production capacity increased, industry concentration increased, and profitability was expected to increase. In addition, it benefited from the rapid growth of downstream products such as water coatings, acrylic acids and esters.
The purchase of Hunan Condient Care to the downstream, the sap is expected to become a new growth in company performance in the future. High-molecular water-absorbent resin (sap) is a typical highly functional molecular material with a strong water conservation capability.
One billion pieces, about 5 grams per sap, and about 146,000 tons of market space per year. In the future, as paper urinary products increase their penetration in rural areas, paper urinary products match foreign standards and are expected to reach 440,000 tons per year.
In August, power suppliers started to make a profit, and power providers ranked fourth in their monthly sales, with foreign brands included in their rankings. In addition, Conéoem grew very fast, producing technology exports for several foreign brands. We judge that the acquisition of Hunan Conkage would bring significant synergies to company operations, sap, which is expected to become a new growth pole in the company’s performance in the future.
iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals US$ 450 per quarter, c3 industry chain times, 15 times, 12 times. Maintains the `very recommended' rating.
A breakdown of the industrial chain, beneficial acrylic and downstream climate Acrylic acid and ester prices have fallen, and production progress on new projects such as acetylene, acrylic, polypropene and sap has been uncertain.
Yang Xiaohui: Together with the Department of Chemical Engineering of the University of Nanjing and the University of Rutgers of the United States of America, they developed a doctorate in geochemistry (Earth exploration and information technology, calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources). In October 2014, they joined the civil securities industry to study major energy directions such as petrochemicals. 2015 Lee Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry.
In March 2016, the author joined the civil securities industry to conduct research on the direction of petrochemicals, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.