A high industrial chain, with a two-fold increase in 17 years of performance, a net profit of $942 million for company shareholders, an increase of 202.39 per cent for the same year, and a gain of $104 per share.c A high industry chain, with a two-fold increase in 17 years of performance.
\triangleright c3 industrial chain complete, continues to benefit from acrylic and downstream climate cycles.
The company ' s c3 industry chain currently has a capacity of 450,000 tonnes of acrylic, 300,000 tonnes of polypropylene, 480,000 tonnes of acrylic acid, and 450,000 tonnes of acrylic acid. A new project at the flat lake base was launched in 2019, with a capacity of 900,000 tonnes of acrylic, 300,000 tonnes of polypropylene, 840,000 tonnes of acrylic acid, 810,000 tonnes of acrylic acid, and 220,000 tonnes of dioxygenic water.
By integrating the c3 industrial chain, it is more risk-resistant, and the price of products is more elastic. At the same time, as environmental protection becomes more stringent throughout the country, the country’s high-polluting output from small-scale plants will gradually emerge, industry concentration will inevitably increase, and the profitability of the first three industries is expected to increase. In addition, it will benefit from the rapid growth of downstream products, such as water paints, and acryne.
The need for acids and esters is expected to be much better than expected. The acquisition of Hunan Consort Care leads downstream, and the sap is expected to become a new growth in company performance in the future.
The company expands its postnatal base of 150,000 tons sap. The main target is sanitation products such as paper diapers. Assuming that we have a hundred million pieces of paper, each of which is about 5 grams, the market space is about 146,000 tons per year. With the future increase in penetration in rural areas, paper diapers are expected to match foreign standards and market space is expected to be available every year.
In August 2016, the power provider started to make a profit, and the company ranked fourth in the monthly sales of its platform, with foreign brands included in its ranking. In addition, Conéoem increased very rapidly, producing technology for a number of foreign brands. In our opinion, the acquisition of Hunan Constance is going to take place.
The company’s operations bring significant synergies, and the company’s future sap is expected to be a new growth pole in its performance. Three, profit forecasts and investment proposals are doubled, 11 times, and nine times.
Quarterly price difference of $450, c3 industrial chain Acrylic acid and ester prices have fallen and production progress on new projects with aerocetylene, acrylic, polypropene and sap is uncertain
Industrial chain breakdown, acrylic and downstream landscape cycle. 20171117 Yang: Ph.D. (Geodetection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemistry and Hydrocarbons) in conjunction with the Department of Chemicals, University of Nanjing, Nanjing, Nanjing University, and the University of Rutgers, United States
In October 2014, he took part in industrial studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals. He graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in the China-Plusified Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016, and in the technical management of oil refining and chemical production. In March 2016, he took part in research on petrochemicals.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.