5g drags down the company ' s performance in the middle of the 21st year and is expected to improve in the second half of the year.
The medium-term performance of the company in 2021 was lower than we expected, with 5g wireless network-related receipts on the communications board falling considerably, and several industries with stable demand but under pressure from semiconductors to deliver.
The company’s medium-term performance was lower than expected, mainly because in the first half of 2021, China’s 5g infrastructure construction slowed significantly, and as more pcb firms entered and large-scale investments released productive capacity, the 5g base station-related pcb products faced even more intense price competition. In mid-2021, the company’s 5g base station was applied.
Business income from related products in the field decreased by about $304 million in the same year, a significant decline of about 38.17% in the same year, and the Māori rate of related products in the application area of 5g stations decreased by about 9.19 percentage points in the same year. We believe that China’s leading telecommunications operators have recently repeatedly stressed that the goal of building 5g base stations throughout the year remains unchanged and that 5g base stations in the second half of 2021
Construction is expected to accelerate, with improvements in the second half of the year in terms of the yield at the end of the wireless network, and in spite of the overall need in the area of infrastructure applications of the data centre type, high-speed network equipment, 28 West Side West West Avenue.
Emerging market areas such as data storage, high-speed operating servers and artificial intelligence continue to grow, but with the tight supply of semiconductors on the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, the rate of growth has been somewhat curtailed and companies have been unable to increase their operations at the same rate.
The downside of the Wireless business is the 1,000th Hengjiang, Fukuda, the 6th tax freer.
The automobile market has been rebounding strongly since the second half of 2020. The automobile industry is experiencing a number of destabilizing trends, including electrification, intelligence, and networking. As electronic technology is increasingly applied to automobile systems, China has been experimenting with free trade.
Automobile electrons account for an ever-increasing share of the cost of manufacturing the entire car, and car electrons have become a measure of modern auto water.
Ping is an important symbol of the increasing requirements for motor board performance and reliability. There is a strong demand for high-end pcb in areas such as adas (advanced driving support systems), power system electrification, and auto electronics architecture, and in the next five years the vehicle pcb market is expected to outperform the overall pcb market.
With the benefit of this, the capacity of Yellowstone ' s carboard line was quickly released, and the company ' s carboard operations were carried on in the first half of 2021, generating about 899 million yuan in operating income, a significant increase of about 60.81 per cent over the same year, of which millimetre waves of radar, hdi, ceramic burial, thick copper and other emerging products were growing rapidly.
We adjust profit projections based on the reported information, and expect the company to achieve business income in 2021-2023, and we maintain an “upgrading” rating.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.