The company is one of the three major divisions in the country's civil aviation industry, and in 2019, the company's passenger traffic was on the rise.
For reasons such as the lower pressure on the internal market, the company’s losses were relatively small in the three major flights. The profit was $1,898 million, a significant loss on the same year.
The demand recovery is determined: China Air’s demand for air travel is resilient and has returned to high growth since the crisis; the demand for air transport is still strong.
Reviewing that domestic fares and passenger traffic have been better than before the outbreak during some of the last three seasons. 2. Industry supply growth will slow: considering the limited number of new orders and the pace of delivery for the next two years. 3. Supply and demand mismatches drive improved performance: future markets will return to a level of demand and supply.
In the case of a substantial reversal of the recovery in the performance of the Division, it is expected that the future will be restored, and that the marketization of fares will further increase profit margins. Medium-term operations are expected to take the lead, with far-reaching increases in far-reaching far-off fares.
This is a domestic-South-East Asia-Europe and America-based recovery. The ratio of domestic shipping lines to companies is 68%, higher than the other major shipping lines (58%-64%), with less pressure from overseas to return to the domestic market; at the same time, South-East Asia is a traditional niche market for companies in Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia, Indonesia.
Viet Nam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, and Cambodia are the largest carriers for China, and the recovery of international routes is faster than for other large carriers.
Real fares will increase further, increasing the size of the company’s profits. In addition, a major turn-over will help the company to optimize the network structure and further increase the margin of profitability.
Macroeconomics are growing at a slower rate than expected: RMB exchange rate depreciation risk: high oil price risk; safe operating risk.
1.1 The company is one of the largest carriers in China. The company was established in 1991 as the Guangzhou Administration for Civil Aviation, listed in Hong Kong and New York in 1997 and listed in 2003 (stock code: 600029.sh).
As part of the reorganization of China's Civil Aviation Authority, in 1984, the Civil Aviation Authority of Guangzhou came under the “South China Airlines” and in 1991
The following year, the Civil Aviation Authority implemented institutional reforms and formally separated civil aviation from the Guangzhou Bureau, which became an autonomous, self-financing and economic entity reporting directly to the Civil Aviation Authority. In 1993, “China South Airlines” was approved by the State to be renamed “China South Air (Group)” and the company was formed as a central company.
In 2002, according to the Civil Aviation Institutional Reform Scheme, approved by the State Council, the company acquired China Air, incorporated Xinjiang Air and Northern China, and became one of China’s three largest aviation groups. Through multiple acquisitions and acquisitions, the company gradually grew into China’s largest fleet, with the largest base and most extensive domestic flight networks,
The company actually controls the State Treasury of the State Council. The shareholders in the company are the South China Group, the Group and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the South Dragon, which together holds 66.31% of the shares, while the company actually controls the State Treasury of the State Council.
As of May 2023, the company owned 892 aircraft of all types, one of the largest fleets in the industry, including 388 Boeing 737 series and 39 Boeing 787 series.
The percentage is 14.2%.