The strong recovery in the industry gave rise to elasticity in profit recovery, with the "Wang South Air (600029.sh) State + Beijing" two-hub to a wide development space
In 2023, civil aviation transport requirements entered the accelerated recovery route, the industrial landscape rose, and the Department of Air Operations improved its profits significantly. In the first half of 2023, the new crown outbreak entered “B2”
(b) As of June 2023, domestic air traffic had recovered to about 130 per cent of the same period in 2019, and international, southern air traffic: Asia's first-largest shipping division, under the two hubs of Guangzhou+Beijing, South Hobeit.
The company is the leader of the country’s full-service aviation division, ranking Asia in terms of its operational size, with domestic and international airline operations moving forward in parallel. In terms of the domestic air network, the company maintains its share of the main line of the first-line city, while working to increase coverage of the second-line subsidence market, both of which is a major source of information.
In terms of the profitability and growth of the routes; and in terms of the international network, companies continue to consolidate their share of the South-East Asia and Australasia routes, while optimising the increase in the number of Japanese-Korean and European-American routes and the scope for development of international routes. South China’s development opportunities and investment point: the short- and medium- and long-term recovery benefits from domestic routes.
In recent years, China has been moving rapidly to South-East Asia, and South China is leading the South-East Asian market and is expected to benefit most from the high South-East Asian market.
(c) Beijing Bigging Hub offers development opportunities, and Beijing ' s incremental and high-quality passenger sources provide greater development space for the expansion of the European-American route to South China; and (4) add up to consider Japanese team cruises by the end of the year.
The certificate is expected to resume, with more South China going to Japan and Korea, and more profitable than Japan and Korea. First, the civil aviation industry: the recovery of industry was strong in the first half of 2023, and is expected to continue accelerating in the second half of the year, sustaining a high-profile climate.
(i) In the first half of 2023: the epidemic entered “B2B”, the “Five One” policy was lifted, the demand for civil aviation was strongly recovered and the industry was booming: December 1.2022 - January 2023: the new crown outbreak entered the “B2B” phase, the “F5” policy was lifted, the civil aviation industry was closed
In early 2023, the new crown outbreak entered the “B2B” phase, the “Five Ones” policy was officially lifted, and the civil aviation industry was “sequently restored” with a strong momentum.
International flights continue to be governed by a policy of gradual increase in the number of shifts. In the context of an optimal policy of outbreak control, the country’s civil aviation industry began to show a clear sense of recovery in 2023.
Figure 2: Indicators of the development of passenger transport by China ' s civil aviation carrier, 2019-2023: Table 1: Policy documents relating to the domestic civil aviation industry during the new crown epidemic 2020-2023
2.2023 January - June 2023: Civil aviation demand recovered with a strong industrial climate, with domestic flight volumes exceeding 132.2 per cent in the same period in the year, followed by a strong release of domestic public business passenger travel requirements with the arrival of the new season in March, showing a “low season”: the small holiday season further catalyzed short-distance, round-trip demand, and the volume of domestic flights during the five-year period
Accelerating recovery. By June 2023, the domestic asks of NAV/NAV/EV respectively returned to the same period in 2019, with a domestic passenger occupancy rate of 79.0 per cent/74.3 per cent and 76.31 per cent respectively, compared with the same period in 2019, with 4.09 pct/- 7.80 pct/-6.87 pct. As a result, in the first half of 2023, the domestic flights of the three air routes exceeded the same period in 2019.
Ping, domestic civil aviation needs have recovered first, showing a strong rebound. 2.2 International routes: recovery to 45 per cent in 2019 and expected to return to 60-70 per cent by the end of the year. Regional recovery has been on track for months, with the return to 46.67 per cent/46.2 per cent/41.73 per cent for the same period in 2019 and the return to international rpk.
Not to return to 46.28 per cent/38.7 per cent and 37.7 per cent in the same period in 2019; in June, the international passenger rate for South/State/East Air, respectively, was lifted in connection with the “Five Ones” policy, and the number of international flights by the “Three Ones” was significantly higher than during the epidemic, returning to approximately 45 per cent in 2019.
During the year, the conflict broke out in Russia, where more than 30 European and American countries, including the United States, were prevented from flying their own passenger aircraft over Russian airspace as a result of unilateral sanctions against Russia. China’s aviation department was not subject to such restrictions, but as a result, negotiations on China’s right to navigation with the United States of America were constrained, to a large extent, by the resumption of China’s flights with the United States.
Rehabilitating the 2-Japan route: China’s group travel to Japan has not been lifted, thus constraining the process of restoring the Chinese-Japanese route. Since 1 March 2023, Japan has eased its new coronary disease detection measures for Chinese passengers entering China: except for a 72-hour nuclear negative certificate, all quarantine tests are tested, adjusted to random tests, and the passengers taken are not required to wait for testing at the airport.
However, China has not yet opened its way out of Japan, and Japan only receives more than 10 million yen (500,000 yen) per year for more than five years. This has largely affected the pace of the resumption of the Chinese-Japanese route. 2.3 Regional routes: now 65% in 2019, are expected to return to 70-80% by the end of the year.
The Hong Kong transit market benefited from the acceleration of the resumption of the flow of Hong Kong-based flights. In January, the area of Asask, South/National/East Air, recovered to 51.24 per cent/68.49 per cent/72.09 per cent in the same period in 2019, and the area of rpk, which began on 15 May 2023, resulted in the full resumption of the “National Communications Office” (NCA) for Mainland residents to visit Hong Kong-Australia.
In May 2023, the National Immigration Administration issued a bulletin on further adjustments to optimize certain immigration control measures. The Proclamation states that residents of the Mainland can submit an application for a travel ticket to Hong Kong and Macao to any public security authority throughout the country.
In the second half of 2022, Hong Kong’s rate was phased out, followed by the “Five Ones” policy of January 2023, which led to a significant increase in flights to Hong Kong.
At the same time, Hong Kong transit flights benefited from demand spillovers from European-American routes as a result of the slow recovery of Europe-United States direct flights in 2023, and the recovery in the number of flights to Hong Kong showed further momentum. (ii) In the second half of 2023, demand-side recovery will continue at an accelerated pace, with an improvement in the profits of the Air Division during the year.
1. Flight volume: It is expected to increase further in the second half of the year to pre-epidemiological levels on domestic routes, assuming that the civil aviation industry has changed in the second half of the year, July-December, compared to June, and consistent with the same period in 2019. As a result, in July-December, the domestic industry returned to the same period in 2019.
The second half of 2023 will be accompanied by a gradual solution to the problems of navigation rights, visas, ground security, and an accelerated increase in international flights, assuming that students will start school in Hong Kong and Australia in 2023, 20 pct, 20 pct, 25 pct, 30 pct (December Hong Kong and Australia students will have a winter holiday).
During the period of the epidemic, the number of international and regional flights under the “Five Ones” policy was significantly reduced, and the prices of incoming and outgoing tickets rose dramatically; international transport returned to the country to suppress domestic fares. In 2022, passenger kilometre gains from domestic/international/regional air routes in South China were 0.51/2.06 yuan/$0.69/$0.75 in the same period in 2019.
International and regional airline fares have risen significantly; domestic transport is overstretched and domestic fare levels have been suppressed because of the inactivity of international routes. In 2023, with the increase in international flights and the return of excess domestic capacity to international markets, domestic airline fare levels are expected to rise.
Oil prices: In the second half of 2023, the price of oil continued to show a small downward trend, with the cost of aviation fuel falling slightly. Oil prices in 2023 were likely to show a small downward trend.
In 2023, oil prices showed a downward trend over the same period last year; (2) a decline in production inopec: a degree of bottom-up effect on the price of oil, either under the influence of a random drop in production by Opc or: 3) Chinese economic recovery: in 2023, with the accelerated recovery of the Chinese economy, demand for global oil increased earlier, thus supporting the demand side of the crude oil market, or having a bottom-up effect on the price of oil.
As of 31 July 2023, Brent's crude oil settlement price stood at $85.43 per barrel, and it is expected that there will be a decrease in aviation fuel cost pressure in 2023 or 2022. International crude oil prices have increased through the oil cost pressure of DAS. In 2023, taking into account the above factors, we expect oil price levels or a small fluctuation in 2023.
Under this heading, the cost of domestic aviation fuel was slightly lower than in the same period in 2022. Figure 10: Brent crude oil price 2019-2023 Figure 11: Three major aviation fuel costs 2017-2022 (in billions of dollars)
4. Exchange rate: In the second half of 2023, the renminbi exchange rate is expected to be stable, with a loss of or a reduction in the exchange rate of the carrier. In the second half of 2023, the renminbi exchange rate is expected to be stable.
The exchange rate of the dollar is expected to show a steady positive trend. As of 31 July 2023, the median value of the dollar against the renminbi was 7.13. In 2023, the exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi was either reduced or reduced. The exchange rate of the dollar against the renminbi was mainly through the Department’s material acquisition chain.
II. SOUTH AIR: Asia's largest aviation division, under the two hubs of “Guangzhou + Beijing” where both domestic and international operations have opened up opportunities for development (i) Southern aviation: the lead in the domestic service-wide aviation division, with Asia ranked first in its operational size
1- Become the leader of the national full-service aviation division through M & A reorganization, with the fleet leading the country, South China Air Co. Ltd. (“Sud Air”, “Sud Air”, “Corporate”), the full-service aviation division of the main civil aviation passenger and cargo business, which was officially established in the city of Guangzhou in 1995. In 1997, South China was listed in Newton and Ports.
Abbreviation: South China Air Shares, Stock Code: 1055.hk. In 2003, South China was listed on the basis of the shares realized from the surrender (Sud Air, Stock Code: 600029.sh). South China was formerly the Public Aviation Authority of Guangzhou, and in 1992 it was divided into South China Airlines, the China South Authority.
In May, the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority established the Guangzhou Office of the Civil Aviation Commission in Guangzhou. In January 1959, the Guangzhou Administration of Civil Aviation was established. In 1969, the Guangzhou Administration of Civil Aviation formed a transport service unit to manage and deploy its own fleet, ending its semi-militarized management. In 1984, the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority was reorganized and its operations were divided into four divisions (China International Airlines, China South Airlines, China East).
In 1992, the Civil Aviation Authority of China implemented institutional reforms. The South China Airlines and the Civil Aviation Authority of China were separated as autonomous and self-supporting economic entities, reporting directly to the Civil Aviation Authority. The Civil Aviation Authority of Guangzhou became the China South Air Authority.
In 2002, China's civil aviation industry was restructured to form a “three main shipping” system, and the South Air Group merged with China's original air, North, and Xinjiang aviation. In 2002, China's three major aviation blocs, the China Air Group (which is dominated by China's international aviation), were incorporated into China.
General Air State, Southwest Air, Eastern Air Group of China (which is dominated by Orient Air, incorporated into Northwest Air, Yun South Air), South Air Group of China (which is dominated by South Air, integrated into Northern Air, Xinjiang Aviation) are officially installed in the Mansion Hall. As of this date, South Air has completed its integration into China Air (incorporated in August 2000), Northern Air (package)
The parent company South Air is the largest controlling shareholder and the State Department is the actual controlling person. The parent company South Air is the largest controlling shareholder, with 51.9% of the shares held (100% of the shares held by the State Council) and the largest controlling shareholder in the company.
Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd. held 9.66 per cent of the shares; the remaining shareholders were Hong Kong Central Clearing Company Ltd., China Shipping Oil, China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd., American Airlines, China State-owned Structural Adjustment Fund Inc., Spring and Fall Aviation, among others.
By the end of 2022, the South Airline Group had a total of 894 aircraft, of which 741 (a320 series 344 series and b737 series 397) and a wide-body series of 39, 15) and 26 (emb190, arj21, 6 and 20 respectively), with full cargo.
2. Asian passenger traffic is ranked first in Asia, with the largest domestic shipping route, and the cargo plate remains the largest in Asia, leading the industry of scale. According to iata statistics, in 2021, the number of passengers in the Global Air Transport Division ranked 6 in South China and 1 in the Asian Air Transport Division. In 2022, the total number of passengers completed by South China was 626.3 million (as a percentage of the total).
24.88 per cent) of the total revenue, 87,059 million yuan, is the largest in the country, of which 53,602 million yuan, or 68.94 per cent (23.99 per cent) is contributed by domestic/international and Australasia routes, respectively.
Figure 20: Share of domestic, international and regional shipping lines in South China in 2022
Hundreds of millions of yuan, or 6157 per cent and 34.32 per cent. As a result of the national and eastern shipping operations (retain only the revenue associated with the abdominal cargo movement of passenger aircraft), South China is the only shipping division in the “three flights” to keep the cargo operations in the statements, and the share of cargo operations is higher than South China by holding 55 per cent of South China’s share in the South Air logistics, which is incorporated into the financial statements of listed companies as of the end of 2022.
In total, South China holds 15 B777 cargo aircraft, 894 passenger aircraft in the abdominal cabin resources, and 15 self-cargo stations. (In the case of cargo aircraft, the South Air Logistics is operated autonomously through 15 self-owned b77 cargo aircraft.) In the case of bulk cargo, South Air has access to passenger abdominal resources through South Air, while at the same time carrying out passenger ablution cargo operations through the internal settlement system.)
On March 28, 2023, South China launched a public announcement on the listing of the South Air Logistics Company, a subsidiary of the South Air Logistics Company, to the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board, awaiting submission.
(ii) An overview of the network under two hubs: “Guangzhou + Beijing” and a redevelopment of the two hubs: “Guangzhou + Beijing” : “South Hobeit”, “Radiological Nation, Connect to the World”
Guangzhou White Clouds Hub: based in Guangzhou, the south-line city of Guangzhou, with a strategic position in the heart of the port of Hong Kong, Australia, and South China International Port, is a major hub for the international operations and development of the South China Airlines. The future will be a world-class transit hub. Given that Guangzhou is located in the heart of the port of Hong Kong, Australia, and the portal hub linking China to South-East Asia and the Southern Hemisphere, starting in 2009, the company insisted that it be a gateway to the south-east Asia and the south.
In addition, in 2019, Guangzhou Baiyun Airport, a partner, upgraded the 144-hour border crossing waiver policy by encrypting the international passenger flow from the main base to South China.
During the autumn season of 2023, the South fleet (including Chongqing, Luang, Hebei, Jiangxi) was ranked first at the White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou in 54.11% of its time and far higher than the rest of the fleet, with a strong share.
In Beijing, as the largest main base airline at the Beijing Daiing International Airport, the South Air Group has over 40% of its resources at the moment. The 2020 winter and spring season began, with all flights to and from Beijing moving to Daejing Airport.
The largest hangar, the largest operating control centre in Asia, and the Aerial Food Production Base. By 2025, South China is expected to have more than 200 aircraft at North Kyoto Dashing International Airport and more than 900 flights down since the start of the season.
The share is strong, with 45.27 per cent ranked first, and far higher than the rest of the fleet. Figure 27: The share of the domestic aviation division at Daeheung Airport, Beijing, in the summer season of 2023, provides an overview of the domestic route: maintaining the share advantage of the first-line city main line, further improving the market penetration of the second-line city.
The base of the South China air network covers the largest number of major cities in the country. The base of the South China air network is now “Caw”: 1) The main battleground of the Great Bay region is centred on the Guangzhou headquarters hub, which connects Xianhua, Shenzhen, Pearl Sea, and secures the Great Bay, while setting up the seafront base, which covers Hainan; 2) The eastern battlefield: from Xiamen, Shanghai, which connects Dalian, Shenyang, Jiyang.
Lin, Harbin, covering the three north-east provinces (formerly the base of Air North): 3) Western battlefield: connecting Nanning, Guiyang and Chongqing to the Urumqi sub-hub in Xinjiang (formerly the base of Air Xinjiang): 4) Kyong Guang economic belt battlefield: centred on Beijing Da-Hing airport hub New, located in Chengzhou, Wuhan, Changsha (formerly the base of Air China) and connected to Guangzhou headquarters, covering the whole of Kyonghyong
South China has a wealth of time resources at first-line city airports in Guangzhou, Beijing, Beijing, and Shenzhen Bo-Am. South China has a wealth of time resources at first-line cities. In the summer season of 2023, South China has 54.11% of time at Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou, Beijing Da-Hing Airport, and Beijing Da-Hing Airport, respectively.
(As mentioned earlier), 45.27% of the time share (As mentioned above), 31.36% of the time share of the Shenzhen Bo-Am airport, and the first time share of the time in Guangzhou, Baiyun, Beijing, Shenzhen-Am.
South China’s share of the time in the Kyoto line is about 46%, the first major carrier of the main domestic business line. South China’s share of the time in the deep line is 27.6% and 37.8%, respectively, and is also higher than the share in the country’s fleet, East China, and the country’s largest carrier.
During the summer season of 2023, South sails in the main second-line cities of the country, including Xiamen Takazaki Airport, Urumuzzi Fort Airport, Wuhantian Airport, Zhengzhou Airport, Changsha Huanghua Airport, Hongzhou Shawshan Airport, Harbin Pacific Airport, Chong Qing Jiangbei Airport, and other types of airports, the share of which is the highest in the country at any given time: San Phoenix Airport, Haiguchi Meilan Airport, Tianjin Airport.
Second-class airports, such as offshore airports, with a second-time share. Figure 32: High economic growth potential in the major first- and second-line cities covered by the South voyage. Figure 33: Steady growth in the intake of the main first- and second-line airports covered by the South
In response to the major first- or second-line cities covered by it, South China has launched a commercial fast-line product, the South Express, or it will be effective in increasing the stickyness of customers of high-quality business lines. On March 26, 2023, with the start of the summer and autumn season of 2023, South China's “South Express” product was officially upgraded to include 13 hot air travel cities (Changzhou, Beijing, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Cheng).
Dhu, Wuhan, Xian, Kunming, Chongqing, Chengzhou, Nanjing, Changsha) 15 routes (Gwangzhou-Beijing/Shanghai/Hangzhou/Shangdu/Wu Han/Sian/Kunming/ Chongqing/ Chongqing/Jungzhou/ Nanjing, Beijing-Shin Shenzhen/Shangdu/ Changsha, Shenzhen-Shanghai/Hangzhou)
The core purpose of the product is to enhance customer stickyness in the high-quality business trunking market. Figure 35: “Souther Express” has the character of “fast-lined” 2 flights with an even distribution over time
Flights from morning to evening peaks averaged more than 16 flights per day, with an even distribution of take-off hours.
Figure 36: “Souther Fast Line” provides a convenient policy of re-signing 1 free of charge (no change fee supplemental difference) 2 followed (no change fee no fare difference) 2
Purchase of South China Actual Carrier F/j/c/d/d/i/w/s/y/p/b/m/h/k/u/a/l/q/e/v Purchase of South China Actual Air Carrier F/j/c/d/w/y/p/b/m/h Domestic Passengers, originally purchased Domestic Ticket Passengers, more than 4 hours prior to departure
If you buy a flight within four hours of taking off, you are entitled to a quick “walk-by-go” entitlement, and you are entitled to a free-of-charge change of guest ticket to a flight within four hours of the original flight, and a flight south of the same day.
Passengera purchased economy class V tickets to Beijing in Guangzhou, scheduled to take off. Passengerb purchased economy class H passengers to Beijing in Guangzhou, scheduled to take off at exactly 13.00 p.m., if a temporary flight was discovered at 7 a.m. (over 4 hours before the flight)
It's exactly 13.00 p.m., if the passenger has a temporary change of course at 9 a.m. (four hours before the flight leaves) and the journey has changed, he/she has to apply for a change of procedure, and he/she is entitled to a “free change” on the South Express, a change of flight time or a change of origin airport from Shenzhen to Beijing.
For the benefit, no change fee is required to change the flight to either of the day's Guangzhou-Beijing Da-Hing routes, and to enjoy the “walk-by-go” benefits of the South Fast Line, without payment of the change fees and a flight with economy class seats, if the cost of the new space is higher than the original one, the fare is to be replenished.
The difference in fares makes it possible to change a flight to an economy class seat for any flight with an economy seat before the original flight and within the next four hours (from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.).
3. Overview of international shipping routes: consolidation of South-East Asia, Australasia ' s share advantage, increased investment in the Japanese and Korean markets, steady recovery of the Euro-American market, based on the two-hub strategy of “Guangzhou+Beijing”, international air network layout highlighting the advantages of South-East Asia and the southern hemisphere, increasing the number of Japanese-Korean and European-American routes, and globalizing the layout.
The international navigation network is based on the following principles: 1) Guangzhou White Cloud Hub: as the main development base for the South-East Asian Line, the Australasia Line and other southern hemisphere routes: 2) Beijing Big Hing Hub: as a new growth point for the Euro-American Line, the Japan-Korean Line and other North-East Asian routes; 3) Xinjiang Urumqi Sub-Libing Hub: primarily responsible for the radiation of the western international routes of Central Asia, West Asia and the Middle East.
Figure 37: Structure of the number of flights on the international route South during the summer season 2019. South is the leading carrier on the South-East Asia and Australasia routes, with the world leading in the number of flights. On the Australasia routes, there are 2019 summer and autumn flights, which are scheduled to be scheduled at the time of the season (before the outbreak and the "Five Ones" policy begins).
The share of flights reached 39.3% and 39.5%, respectively, as the country’s largest carrier for New Australia. South-East Asia, with the 2019 summer and autumn season, accounted for about 15% of planned flights from China-South-East Asia. South China accounted for 22.1% and 25.6% of flights from China-Viet Nam and China-Malaysia, and China-Thai.
China, Singapore, China, Myanmar, China, the Philippines, etc., are also well-organized. South China has deep-deep layouts at important points in Europe and America, and Japan and Korea, creating several fine routes.
The Chinese-German (Frankfurt, China-United Kingdom (London)) and other advanced European fine routes, with time and planned flight volumes, are heavily deployed. Of these, the share of the planned traffic on the Chinese-Netherlands (Amsterdam) route is 27.7 per cent in Bida. In the United States, during the summer and autumn season of 2019, the share of planned flights on the South is about 10.9 per cent in China and the United States.
For the summer and autumn season of 2019, the number of planned flights for the South was about 8.6% and 12%, respectively. The South is located in the cities of Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya, Hokkaido, Seoul, Busan, and Jeju.
Figure 40: Number and proportion of major Euro-American flights during the summer season 2019, and figure 41: Number and proportion of major Japanese-Korean flights during the summer season 2019: Development opportunities and investment points: short-term benefits from the first recovery of domestic routes, medium- and long-term
The first recovery of international routes in the year 2023, both domestic and short-distance, is expected to remain the main logic, with the dominant share of domestic routes in South China.
At the beginning of 2023, with the optimisation of new coronary outbreaks and controls, there has been a significant recovery in the number of domestic and international flights and in the number of passengers earlier, but the recovery of international routes has been slower than in the domestic route due to issues such as right-to-air negotiations, visas, ground security (as previously mentioned).
The first recovery of intracontinental routes is still the main logic. At the same time, the build-up takes into account the accelerated recovery of international routes, the return to international routes of wide-body aircraft placed on internal routes during the epidemic, the oversupply of domestic routes or their effective mitigation, and the domestic backbone, which is expected to benefit most from the performance of the domestic route, given the fact that the South has the highest share of domestic routes in the country’s major voyages.
Lead recovery in terms of volume of business and fare growth.2 South-East Asian routes: where companies have had an advantage, travel to South-East Asia has been growing rapidly in recent years, and South China has taken the lead in the South-East Asian market, and is expected to benefit to the greatest extent possible
South-East Asian excursions markets have flourished, and the associated industrial chains have opened up opportunities for rapid growth. Beginning in 2010, South-East Asian tourism began to flourish.
Natural landscape resources (baskets, islands, tropical rainforests, etc.); 4) have a unique human landscape and religious culture; 5) local Chinese are concentrated and are closer to Chinese culture; and regional advantages, such as the fact that in recent years South-East Asian excursions have been widely welcomed by Chinese tourists, leading to rapid growth in the industrial chain associated with travelling to South-East Asia.
Figure 44: Rapid growth in China ' s tourist arrivals to Thailand, 2008-2022 Figure 45: Rapid growth in China ' s flights to South-East Asia, 2016-2019 Figure 46: Steady increase in the number of landings at Sakayo Airport, Singapore, 2008-2022
Figure 47: Steady increase in passenger throughput at Sakayoi Airport, Singapore, 2008-2022
As of July 2023, South China had over 16% of the city’s share in the South East Asia Line, ranking first, far above the national, East and other South-East Asian seafarers. On the one hand, South China’s Guangzhou headquarters is a gateway hub for South-East Asian countries to and from China, with significant regional advantages, and on the other hand, South China is a full-service shipping division.
Compared to the local low-cost air travel in South-East Asia, it is more attractive to passengers in terms of quality of service, safe flight, etc. We believe that, given the rapid growth in tourism and aviation markets in South-East Asia in recent years, South China, as the first-largest airliner in South-East Asia, will also have better growth potential.
In July 2023, South China signed a code-sharing agreement with Malaysian Airlines. It was agreed that code-sharing cooperation would take place on the two-way routes of Guangzhou-Kuala Lumpur, Beijing Daesing-Kuala Lumpur, and so on, starting on 6 July 2023.
3- Euro-American Lines: Beijing Big Hing Hub offers an opportunity for development, with South China now taking a smaller share of the market in Europe and America, with the largest future development space.
The size of Da Heng airport and the capital airport is 1,050 sorties/days, or 1350 trips/days, or the inauguration of Da Heng airport, which has brought about a time increase in the Beijing area, while the South China Air, as the main base of Da Heng airport, has led the way in the new wave of Beijing under the “two cities” to the greatest extent possible.
The Beijing market provides a high-quality high-end client base, which creates a growing demand for long-line intercontinental travel. Beijing, China’s lead capital,1 is economically well developed, has high incomes and consumption levels, and has greater demand for intercontinental tourism; 2) there is a large number of large enterprises, and there is greater demand for business trips to Europe and the United States; 3) there is a greater concentration of demand as a cultural and educational centre, a large number of higher education institutions, and studies in Europe and America.
In the summer season of 2019, the number of Euro-American flights from Beijing was higher than in Shanghai and Guangzhou. The improved and superior facilities at the Da-Hing airport in Beijing further attracted high-quality passenger flows to the South.
Fast-tracking at speeds of 160 km/hours, full-way grass-bridge stations (for metro lines 10, 19) - the Great New City station - the Great Hing airport station, which takes only 19 minutes, is significantly shorter than the capital's airport line, and provides passengers with a much higher traffic speed. The terminal is located on the 1st floor of the Da Hing airport terminal, where it can be accessed directly into the terminal.
Mine, which is a maximum of 8 minutes to reach the gate, further facilitates passengers.
On November 15, 2018, South China announced its withdrawal from the TAA, stating that it would build a more optimal joint camp cooperation system based on the needs of its own development strategy. At the same time, after the departure of South China from the TAAA, it continued to maintain a code-sharing, regular passenger program with some of its members.
As of July 2023, South China had a 12.1% share of the U.S. and U.S. airline, lower than the U.S. and East. We believe that the medium- and long-term dimensions of the voyage, on the one hand, are associated with the continued depth of the South, the growing demand for the contribution of the high-end consumers of the Beijing market, and, on the other hand, the right-to-air negotiations over time.
Issues such as visas are gradually being addressed, and the flow of tourists to Euro-American commerce, study trips and travel abroad is being repaired at an accelerated pace; cooperation with the European and American Local Aviation Division (EAS) code-sharing continues to deepen, and South China has greater scope for development in the European and American markets.
The Japanese-Korean route has a high level of profitability, and the success of the Tsing Chun and Autumn airline is a profitable direction for the future. As a result of its advantages: 1) it has a short range and a relatively high level of intake per unit, with relatively lower operating costs; 2) it has a well-developed economy, with higher costs of travel abroad and less sensitivity to higher target income groups; 3) it is completed by the Japanese-Korean airline industry.
The combination of these advantages, the higher profitability of Japan and Korea's routes, which can make a profitable contribution to the Department of Air Operations in the light and during the seasons. Figure 56: Spring and fall Air maintains its development strategy of increasing investment in Japan and Korea.
Figure 57: Continued increase in the rate of Maori on international air routes, spring and fall 2015-2022
In view of these considerations, the company will make a positive contribution to the profitability of the future expansion of the Japanese-Korean route. As of July 2023, South China had a 13.1% share of the city on the Japanese-Korean route, ranking second in the country, lower than East China, and higher than the national airline. We believe that, given the more profitable nature of the Japanese-Korean route, the company has in recent years started to invest more in the layout of the Japanese-Korean market, or will do so.
The company’s Japan-Korea airline operations are expected to take into account the release of Japan’s team travel visa for the second half of the year. Figure 60: The share of the main air traffic division of Korea in July 2023, taking into account the adjusted supply and demand structure of the civil aviation market in the post-epidemiology era and the trend towards marketization of domestic fares, assumes 2023/2024
3. Region: Assuming that the South China air route in 2023 and 2024 and 2025 is the same as in 2019,4 cargo: given the post-epidemiological period, the air cargo market has returned to normal and short-term volume prices have been revised, assuming that 90 per cent of the capital expenditure for South China is for the acquisition of shipping materials (aerial vehicles, related spare parts, etc.). According to the company ' s pace of introduction of aircraft in previous years,
Assuming that the company’s capex stabilizes at about $15 billion a year, we use the fcff method for valuations. The parameter is assumed to be as follows: Overspace. The sensitivity analysis results are as follows:
The risks associated with the new crown epidemic, the risk of less than expected recovery in air travel demand, the risk of a sharp rise in crude oil prices, and my commitment to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, clearly and accurately reflect my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.