New energy heat management operations continue to be released, capacity expanded, technology upgraded, and triflower mind control (002050.sz) 25/03/22
• Recovering high revenue growth in 2021, observing long-term growth in new energy heat management operations, maintaining a “buy-in” rating Zero operations driven by high growth in 2021 and growth in the long-term with expansion of production capacity, as well as raw material prices and sustained zero emissions and robust growth in refrigeration spare parts operations
In terms of operations, in 2021, the company ' s zero-sum business and its refrigeration components, respectively, generated $4.802 billion in revenue from raw material disturbance and a decrease in the Māori rate due to changes in accounting standards, cost-side scale effects gradually emerged as the growth driver of the expansion of productive capacity, and technology research and development built on core competitiveness.
As expected, it is expected that the company will continue to build up new energy components and components in 2021, along with efficient energy conservation, commercial refrigeration valves projects, which are expected to continue with zero and maintain a robust growth of the company.
The company’s first coverage report, New Energy Opportunities, also focuses on product renewal and the development of new products, and consolidates traditional strengths while promising new growth points.
The new energy heat management operation was driven by a high harvest in 2021 and sustained short-term performance The return of $4.301 billion (+22.30 per cent) was achieved, and the higher growth in corporate revenue recovery throughout the year 2021 was mainly due to the rapid release of new energy and vehicle spare parts operations.
The net profit of $391 million (+5.67 per cent) is still under pressure, and we believe that it is mainly due to the still high prices of 2021q4 raw materials and the rising share of the company ' s low Māori integrated module component operations.
The industrial online data show a similar decline of 3.72 per cent in the 2021h2 air-conditioning industry as a result of the slowdown in the production growth rate during the inventory cycle. 1881.18 million (+167.39 per cent) of the company ' s new energy vehicle heat management products were sold in 2021, higher than the traditional fuel vehicle.
27.89 per cent of the increase, with orders to fast-discharge new energy heat management operations generating $4.04 billion, or 83.37 per cent, is expected to drive up the rate of new energy vehicle heat management operations as they rise.
1.2 Disbursing by region: the rapid release of new energy heat management operations in the domestic market, with regional development being more significant: (1) the domestic market: in 2021, the company ' s domestic market generated $8,112 million (+38.33 per cent).
The cost-side scale effect is gradually emerging, and the overall operating and financial situation is performing well Profitability: The cost-end scale effect is gradually emerging, looking at marginal recovery of profitability
As a result of the rise in raw materials prices and the change in accounting standards, in 2021 accounting standards affected the cost of shipping incidentals in sales costs, adjusted to operating costs, with a ratio of the company ' s overall Māori ratio for 2021, after retroactive correction of the 2020 operating costs, to -2.17 pcts. Sub-products, Māori rates for refrigeration and air-conditioning spare parts and auto spare parts operations in 2021, respectively -
1.53 pcts/-3.41 pcts. The decline in the Māori rate of the zero business is mainly due to the price of raw materials and the share of the low Māori integrated module components. Impact of the change in accounting standards. Retroactively corrected, the ratio of cost/sale costs over the period of the company in 2021 - 1.19 pcts/-0.21 pcts - respectively. The effect of the rapid release of the zero business on the size of the company’s costs is gradually becoming apparent, and the R&D cost rate is becoming apparent.
The small increase is mainly due to increases in the cost of molding, materials, power, etc. As the impact of price-fixing policies becomes apparent and raw materials prices stabilize, profitability is expected to reach marginal project yields and, with scale effects, the Māori rate of corporate steam zero operations is expected to recover steadily, thus driving long-term performance.
2.2 Operating capacity: inventory turnover efficiency and the healthy level of liquidity of accounts receivable
Lower net cash flows for labour payments and sales, lower net cash flows for investment activities, mainly through purchase of large stock orders, and higher net cash flows for financing activities, mainly through the issuance of tradable debt.3 The expansion of capacity provides a growth driver and technological research and development builds on core competitiveness
With regard to new energy components, by the end of 2021, the 7.3 million annual heat management system components project and 11.5 million annual new energy vehicle parts project had been fully implemented and were expected to better meet the rising capacity needs of clients. In addition, in 2021, the company used its own funds to produce 4 million new annual energy vehicle heat.
Pump component technical adaptation project, 3 million new energy car heat management components per year, 11 million new energy vehicle efficiency heater components per year, cumulative inputs as at the end of 2021 amounted to 73.23 per cent, 67.40 per cent and 18.41 per cent, respectively, and we believe that as the technology changes and the new capacity projects are implemented, they will be consolidated.
The company industry is expected to drive the company’s long-term growth in its new energy component business, with a positive return in the zero-scale industry. With respect to refrigeration and air-conditioning components, 65 million commercial refrigeration and air-conditioning smart controls were produced annually by the end of 2021
Accumulated investment in components and 50.5 million energy-efficient refrigeration control units per year is estimated at 19.63 per cent/9.63 per cent, respectively. We expect that the penetration rate of the current electronic expansion valves in FACs will continue to increase, and that potential growth space in commercial air conditioning and commercial refrigeration will be significant, and that the location of the project will help to achieve one.
Stepping up companies’ competitive advantage in the area of efficient energy-efficient valves helps companies to better grasp market opportunities in the context of such trends as energy efficiency improvements, cold switching, and rapid multi-line development. In addition, companies are moving forward with projects to build industrial plants in Viet Nam and Mexico, and globalization is taking place.
There is an effective response to the challenges of trade conflicts, higher prices for international logistics, and, on the other hand, a positive response to customers’ needs, project and product quality and delivery. Moreover, companies are constantly updating and expanding their products while expanding their production capacity.
In the area of spare parts, development of commercial microchannel evaporations, low noise electron expansion valves; in the area of cooking power, development of gas-rate valves, aluminium-line chain electric machines, etc.; in the area of new energy components, development of valve integrated heat pump modules, high power pumps, water pumps, car cooler valves, co2 cooler valves and vehicle electromagnetic valve switches, we believe that with product technology,
Innovation upgrades and the development of new products will consolidate the company’s strengths in the traditional new energy vehicle valves area, and new growth opportunities are expected in the new area of the whole heat management market, based on the accumulated advantage of front-end customers.
(1) In the field of refrigeration and air-conditioning valves, there is a strong market position and a long-term steady growth in the world's energy-efficient and energy-consuming refrigeration operations. In the area of domestic air-conditioning, the three main valves are in a strong market position, given the clear cost advantages of the company and the high stability of the product, we believe that it is more difficult for post-entryers to hedge against the industry's first-tier firms.
In the area of commercial air conditioning, where foreign firms now account for a large share of the current stock, and where fast-growing online developments have provided new growth in the valve industry.
Point, as the business sector becomes dynamic, the cost advantage of a steady push in the production and distribution of energy will become apparent, and it is expected that national production will be replaced and further boosted profitability in the future. (2) In the area of new energy parts and components, companies take the lead by pre-empting the market for the heating of new energy vehicles.
The industry’s leading share of the market will have a stronger scale effect, adding a smaller probability of changing suppliers over the life cycle of new energy vehicles, raising the entry threshold for later generations. Looking ahead, in 2022, companies are expected to continue to grow their hand orders as generic, upper-air, BMW, and other customer-related new energy models become marketed.
The Division is expected to follow the industry’s high growth rate with a large customer effect. In the long run, as TRPs and new production and capacity projects land, the company’s market position in the area of new energy parts and components is expected to be strengthened; competition in the air-conditioning valve market has intensified; new energy sales have fallen short of expectations; and prices of raw materials have increased.