The new energy generation opened up new opportunities on 07/01/2022 with a second launch of the refrigeration core, covering the first time that a "buy-in" rating was given.
The three-widden conglomerate is a global cooler core enterprise, which has been expanding its applications since its inception with three major products: valves, pumps, heat exchange, and the distribution of domestic refrigerators, air conditioners, automobiles, and gradually moving to new energy cars, with a pre-emptive advantage for the company ' s vehicle parts and components performance continuing in 2020, and in 2021h1.
They believe that the global penetration of new energy vehicles, driven both by global policy direction and supply-side changes, is expected to increase rapidly, and that companies are expected to continue to rely on high-customer effects and expansion to drive performance growth in the future. We predict that there is a wide space for new-energy car heat management, and that the triad has taken over part of the market.
Countries have supported policies that have contributed to the rapid development of new energy vehicles, and China, the United States, Japan, etc. have introduced targeted tax incentives, infrastructure measures, and a new energy vehicle development plan for the next 5-10 years. We believe that, driven by national policies, the development of new energy vehicles is on the move. We measure the company’s share of the global market in 2020.
About 9%, some of the new energy car heat management markets have been seized. In addition, the announcement shows that in 2019, the company’s core product, the power-inflated valves, the four-way valves, the heat exchange markets were 41-47%/35% respectively, with the valves leading the market share.
(1) Full coverage of the vehicle valve + heat + pump, providing customers with a variety of solutions, such as battery, engine and power system cooling, with clear integration advantages. (2) The industry ' s leading share has a stronger scale effect, and the public sector is more profitable than business in the same industry. (3) The global layout brings with it a wealth of customer resources, and the company becomes a whole.
Major suppliers in the field of cooling and auto heat management system components, creating stronger barriers to post-entry. • Future outlook: higher growth and certainty of performance in the light of electric trends 10,2.6 billion yuan in the heat management market, approximately 45 per cent in the 2020-2025 cagr, further measuring the company's presence
Marketing targets are ambitious and capacity expansion plans are clear, and we believe that supply-side changes will increase bottom-up industries. Companies have opened up major new energy cars, capacity expansion is advancing steadily, and the big customer effect is expected to keep strong.
Long-road 1.1. From refrigeration to zero, operations are expanding, moving from China to a global company with a long gene, expanding its operations around refrigeration components over the years and moving from China to China.
To the global level. The company, which was preceded by Zhejiang Shaochen's “Sin Chang Refrigeration Apparel Plant”, has developed over three decades and has been expanding its applications in the three main categories of valves, pumps, heat exchange, domestic refrigerators, air conditioners, and automobiles. In 2007, the public department acquired four valves for global operations under the Lanco company. In 2012, the company acquired the German company Yavico and its branch in Austria.
The company issued an annual purchase of 100 per cent of the three-flower microchannel, which enabled the cooling system to produce its own heater. In 2017, it was incorporated into the auto parts business and further expanded into the new energy car heat management system, resulting in the current refrigeration components, car parts and components.
Figure 1: Machines have a long gene, companies have been expanding their operations around core products over the years, and their performance has gradually materialized. In the domestic refrigeration spare parts sector, valves are in the forefront of the global industry. Electronic expansion valves are mainly used in refrigeration air-conditioning and heat pump systems, allowing automatic regulation of refrigerant flows, allowing the system to operate in optimal conditions and in a variable space.
One of the key components is adjusted; the four valves are able to switch the cooling and heating patterns, mainly in the areas of air conditioning and heat pump systems. The company is currently in the forefront of the industry, thanks to its product advantage, in the area of logo access evaporation, microchannel condensers, microchannel heat pumps, etc.
Products such as microchannel water tank radiators. Companies developed evaporation, heat pump heaters, etc. earlier than the market and acquired sufficient technological competitive advantages, such as the successful application of a microchannel evaporation device to domestic air-conditioning indoors and the successful application of a microchannel heat pump to domestic air-conditioning outdoors.
The main distribution of products in the Aveko business area, such as omega pumps, heating pipes, water softening systems, etc., is applied to coffee machines, dishwashers, washing machines, etc.
The new fuel vehicle heat management system is more complex than the conventional fuel vehicle, covering air conditioning and heat management systems, due to variations in the driving patterns.
Systems include battery heat management, electrical and electrical heat management, and cooling of other equipment. Since its inception, the company has focused on the development and development of components for auto air conditioning and heat management systems, and has now achieved full coverage of new energy vehicles with valve + pump + heat exchange for air conditioning systems, battery cooling systems, engine and power cooling.
Figure 3: New energy vehicle heat management systems are more complex than fuel vehicles Figure 4: Companies achieving multi-grade coverage in the area of spare parts for new energy vehicles 1.2, relatively stable equity structure and improved employee incentive system
The company’s ownership structure is relatively stable, and it is controlled by the three fathers and the children of Zhang. The company actually controls the shares of Zhang’s father and his son directly or indirectly through the triflowers, the three greens, and indirectly holds 30.18% of the shares in the company, of which Zhang Yapo is the head of the department and the ceo. In addition, apart from Chang’s three parents, Ning Xiaoming, Chen Yu Trung, On Wei Feng, Chen Xiaoming and others.
In 2018, companies implemented restrictive equity incentive schemes and stock value-added schemes, in which restrictive stock incentive schemes were designed primarily to motivate directors, executives, and core people.
With only 753 waiting, the stock value-added incentive scheme was aimed primarily at foreign core talent, and the total number of shares awarded was 0.51% of the equity capital of the Department. The company then continued the restricted equity incentive scheme in 2020, expanding the incentive to 914 persons. Three equity incentives were better able to move staff motivation and help to stabilize the Roe level in the industry.
1.3. Financial analysis: Refrigeration air-conditioning operations have been steadily improving, with vehicle spare parts growing at a remarkable annual rate of $6.760 billion to $12.11 billion in 2020, and cagr at 15.65 per cent. The net profit from the company return has increased from the company ' s recovery rate mainly due to downstream air-conditioning in the refrigeration sector, increased demand for refrigerators, and the combination of three-butter zeros.
Overall, the growth in corporate performance was more stable in 2016-2020. Since 2021, the company’s performance has increased at a remarkable rate in the light of the high temperature of new energy vehicles and the warming of air-conditioning requirements, with sales earnings and net profits of 2021h1 increasing by 44.30% and 28.03% respectively.
In the sub-operations, the refrigeration air-conditioning spare parts business is basic and the vehicle spare parts business is continuously increasing; the company's main business is mainly refrigeration air-conditioning parts and car parts, which can be divided into refrigeration units, aweco units, microchannel units and others.
The share of parts, parts and components of cars in business was 72.49 per cent and 27.51 per cent. Of this, the higher share of refrigeration air conditioning benefited from the dividends of the new energy vehicle industry, and the pre-eminence of company zero operations grew rapidly, with 49.57 per cent and 122.14 per cent of the growth rate in 2020 and 2021h1 battalions, respectively.
Multifactors have led to greater volatility in the company ' s Māori rate, which has remained relatively stable in the refrigeration and air-conditioning operations. 2017 - 29.81 per cent, mainly due to a higher Māori rate in the refrigeration and air-conditioning operations. Sub-operational Māori rates for refrigeration and air-conditioning components have remained stable, with an increase of 0.3 pct in the first half of 2021 in the same year in the face of rising raw materials prices.
Mainly, the cost plus pricing mechanism is more resistant to raw materials. And the Māori rate for auto parts operations has declined year after year since 2019, mainly as a result of the rising cost of raw materials and the rising share of components. 2021h1 cost controls have improved, with a corresponding decrease of 0.42 pcts, with sales/management costs.
The rate of decline is 0.65 pcts/1.05 pcts. However, due to the decline in the Māori rate, the profitability of 2021h1 is under pressure, the net interest rate is sufficient for operating cash flows and the number of days of inventory and accounts receivable turnover has increased.
In terms of liquidity efficiency, the 2021h1 company’s stock turnover is marginal. In terms of remittance capacity, there is an increase in the number of days a company has been working on its accounts receivable, or a rise in the company’s income from large clients, 2. Industry: In the context of policy guidance, industry development has opened up new opportunities.
2.1. Refrigeration air-conditioning components: green economy-driven new growth of refrigeration components and components, a series of new global requirements for domestic refrigeration air-conditioning energy consumption in order to achieve global energy conservation and conservation and to protect the environment. For China, gb2455-2019.
Increasing the energy efficiency standards for air conditioners from level 3 to level 5 to cover a further expansion of the range of product categories; for the United States, the introduction of new energy efficiency standards for domestic central air conditioners and heat pump products in 2015 has raised energy efficiency from 13 to 14.
The global demand for refrigeration and air-conditioning upgrades in the coming years is expected to support the demand for air-conditioning control units. Energy efficiency standards will lead to the rapid development of energy-efficient components, such as electro-inflated valves, with new energy-efficient performances down- and sub-frequency-level 3 energy-efficient air conditioners facing phase-out, with high energy-efficiency switching air-conditioning sales being proportional.
Upgrades will lead to increased demand for high-efficiency, energy-efficient air-conditioning components, such as electro-inflated valves. Industry online data show that capr production from 2016-2019 was 20.72%, higher than 10.96% of industry as a whole. OWN data show that re-tailing of 2021h1-on-line converted air-conditioning is 92.5%, 2021m6-on-line and older.
In addition, refrigeration products, such as commercial air-conditioning and refrigerated refrigerators, that are compliant with energy-saving policies, are increasingly being viewed by producing companies. Industry online data show that the volume of central air-conditioning exports of 2021m1-m8 has remained at a similar rate of more than 20%.
In 2016-2019, capr sales amounted to 40.17%, significantly higher than the industry-wide level of 1.58%, and there is still much room for growth in the sale of refrigerated refrigerators. The rapid growth of refrigerated refrigerators has contributed to an increase in the demand for energy-efficient components, such as electronics and expansion valves, while commercial air conditioning will promote the use of condensers and evaporations.
Rapid development of mini-channels for heat exchange. Figure 19: 40.17% capr sold in 2016-2019, increasing the need for new refrigerant replacements and less copper in carbon neutralization to stimulate environmental refrigeration of refrigerants
China proposes “carbon peaks” in 2030 and “carbon neutralization” in 2060, which provide opportunities for refrigeration parts and components to upgrade efficiency, environmentally friendly new refrigerant replacements, and less copperization. For example, compared to traditional copper tube aluminium flaps, heaters, all-aluminium microchannel heat exchangers can significantly reduce refrigerant charging, thereby increasing heat efficiency by 30%.
Over the above, it is expected that in the future the penetration rate of microchannel heat exchangers will accelerate. According to industry online data, the potential market capacity for global microchannel heat exchangers was $53.6 billion in 2019, with a global market penetration rate of only 6.5 per cent, and microchannel replacement space for conventional copper tube aluminium flaps is still large.
The engine heater is used for better performance in the area of automobiles/households/commercial air conditioning, but there is still room for improvement in technology, reliability, etc. For example, there is a problem of frosting in the area of vehicle air conditioning applications, where the cost of technological change has yet to be optimized; and in the area of household, commercial air conditioning applications, there is an imbalance in the distribution of refrigerants and the distribution of air currents.
There are many factors that affect the slow increase in the penetration rate of microchannel heat exchangers, which we believe is expected to increase rapidly as future production processes progress and costs optimize. 2.2 Automobile parts: there is a clear trend towards electrodynamicization, pushing up the ceiling of the auto heat management system industry
As carbon emission plans for major global economies become clearer, countries develop rules and support policies around the green economy, and the green economy, represented by new energy vehicles, is rapidly developing. On the European side, clear carbon emission targets, increased new energy vehicle infrastructure, and subsidies and tax incentives; and on the United States, the Biden government.
With the adoption of the Clean Energy Act, new energy vehicle subsidies were significantly increased, and the United States Plan for Industry introduced in May 2021, with $15 billion being spent on the infrastructure of electric vehicles; on the Chinese side, the Road Map for Energy Conservation and New Energy Vehicle Technology indicated that the target of 50 per cent of new energy vehicle sales in 2035 was achieved at the same time.
In China, for example, the Policy on Fiscal Subsidy for the Further Development of the Extension of New Energy Motors is being implemented.
In the circular, the requirement to increase the mileage threshold of the new energy vehicle, which is energy-intensive, and of the pure electric motor vehicle fleet, the Development Plan for the New Energy Automobile Industry (2021-2035) states that the target for the year 2025 is to reduce the average electricity consumption of the new vehicle by electric power to 12.0 kWh/100 km.
National regulatory and support policies have contributed to the innovation of efficient and energy-efficient automobile technology, and we believe that hybrid, pure electric and hydrogen-energy vehicles have created a higher demand for the corresponding parts and components, which are expected to lead to rapid growth of the company's automobile operations, as shown by:
The rapid growth of new energy cars is expected to provide the incremental demand for new components, and the rapid increase in new energy car penetration is expected to contribute to a return to high growth in car parts and components. According to the SICA data, with the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, the rate of new vehicle penetration was raised by 4.47% in 2018.
The global market for new energy by car is 34.85%, with 2021h1 increasing by 168.92% on a year-on-year basis, maintaining a high increase. The rapid growth of efficient energy-efficient cars is expected to lead to an increase in demand for new products, such as heat-up valves and electronic water pumps, which will also create demand for new electronic expansion valves, cooling boards, etc.
Figure 20: China ' s new energy vehicle penetration rate has continued to increase since 2018 Figure 21: Global new energy vehicle sales have increased at a significant rate since 2020.
New-energy car heating options include ptc and heat pump air conditioning, which is more expensive in traditional ptc heat technology and has a greater impact on new energy renewal mileage. The heat pump air conditioning system can reduce electricity consumption by up to 50%, thereby significantly increasing the continuation mileage, and the heat pump air conditioning is expected to become a new energy vehicle in view of the progressive increase in international demand for electricity consumption thresholds for new-energy vehicles.
At present, international brands such as the general public, Audi, BMW, and some domestic models such as the Rhôwee, Chang-Ang have already achieved the production of heat pump air-conditioning systems. But the heat pump air-conditioning program is more complex than the ptc program, and the requirements for spare parts, pipes, etc., are higher for single-car valves and pump-type products.
The new CO2 refrigerant is expected to provide rapid access to the power heat pump air-conditioning system. It can be divided into R134a, Co2, R1234yf, etc. The study found that the new co2 refrigerant was feasible as an alternative to the R134a refrigerant for car air-conditioning, and that the co2 heat pump system was larger than the r134a system.
However, the air-conditioning system using co2 as a refrigerant has a very high working pressure, 10 times the size of the conventional air-conditioning system, and requires more spare parts.
By contrast, new CO2 refrigerants have an advantage in environmental performance, safety, etc., and are expected to become more widely available in the future with technological advances. The new energy car heat management system has higher vehicle value.
New-energy vehicles are more traditional fuel vehicles, with new cooling requirements such as batteries, electric machines, so new-energy cars are added with new components such as coolers, battery coolers, electric pumps, electro-inflated valves, ptc heaters or heat pump systems, and based on electrical industry data, the total value of the core parts of the new-energy-car heat management system has been raised from $2230 to $6410 left.
On the right, the value of the new energy car heat management is nearly two times higher than that of the traditional ones. Taken together, the new energy vehicle penetration rate is increasing rapidly, with the superhigh vehicle value pushing up the car heat management component of the industry ceiling.
The average vehicle value of the new energy car heat management system is $5,700 per vehicle per vehicle per year. According to the forecast by thevtank for 2020-2025, the global market for new energy vehicles was about 42 per cent cagr, the neutral forecast for 2025 was 30 per cent penetration of new energy vehicles, and the estimated size of the vehicle heat management system was 11.82 per cent for 2020-2025, with the new energy car heat management.
The global scale of the system is 44.56 per cent. 3 Core competitiveness: three core competitiveness barriers to branding 3.1 Core competitiveness I: technological leadership and strong backbone of parts and components
With rapid developments in refrigeration air conditioning, cold chain equipment, etc., the growth of the refrigeration valve market has been stable. For electricity, rapid growth has been achieved in the context of new energy efficiency standards, sales of cagr to refrigeration components in 2016-2020, internal sales have been strong, and external sales have been growing rapidly.
On-line data from industry show that corporate e-inflation valves and four-dip valves maintain a market share of more than 40% until they maintain a market share of more than 20%. On the external market, the e-inflation valves and four-infested valves maintain a high growth trend, with sales of caagr from 2018 to 2020, respectively.
34.07%, 41.13%. In the area of microchannels, as early as 2015, the market share of the three-flower microchannels had been a global leader, with 31% of the global market for three-flower air-conditioning mini-channels, with better pre-emptive advantages and capacity. And, as of 2019, based on industry online data, the global market for the labels in 2019.
The share has risen to 34.86%, and the company’s market competitiveness in microchannels has been increasing. New energy car heaters have already taken up part of the new car heat management market.
A total of 2,469 million yuan was realized, of which 61 per cent were new energy car customers, further measuring the global market share of company-generated car heat management in 2020 at about 9.24 per cent. 3.1.1, Refrigeration air-conditioning components: continuous research and development of innovative capabilities, with significant technological advantages for valve components
Electronic expansion valves: High technical barriers, three flower products leading the way. Electronic expansion valves, by automatically regulating refrigerant flows, enable the system to operate under optimal working conditions, with higher technical content and protected by intellectual property rights and patents, with few companies solving electricity.
In addition to standard products, companies have developed a variety of products such as q, o, r, t, vpf, which provide solutions for domestic and commercial air conditioning, heat pumps, refrigeration, etc.
In addition, companies have developed electronic expansion valves for new co2 refrigerants in carbon neutrals and settings. Four valves: Focus on double carbon, first technology leads industry development.
The three-square-to-valve series of products continues to receive air conditioners based on the world's leading technology, the quality of the over-hard products, the year (large-scale rotating four-way valve), the 2018 (low-pressure four-way valve) “China Refrigeration Exhibition Innovation Award” and the 2020 “Manufacturing Champion Single” of the Ministry of Technology and Communications. For the new co2 refrigerant, the company started the co24.
The valve fills the industry gap and opens the door to full coverage of the co2 heat pump system. Moreover, the three flowers have introduced a series of products such as stainless steel four-tang valves that maintain a price advantage in the face of rising copper prices on the one hand, and stainless steel copper on the other.
Figure 26: Energy efficiency increases of about 1 per cent for the four-threshold valve support of stainless steel Microchannel heat exchangers: product development is forward-looking, technologically superior, companies replace traditional copper flaps with aluminium copper, mainly for domestic air conditioners and machine rooms
For example, the company set up a long-term testing site on the corrosive environment at Daytona Beach, Florida, to track the microchannel in the corrosion environment.
After many years of feedback, three microchannels for heat exchange are more competitive than key competitors, with a lower maximum corrosive depth, and a greater degree of reliability. Products are extended, companies are forward looking, and they have built up a certain technological reserve.
Products such as evaporation, heat pump for heat exchange, etc., have acquired sufficient technological competitive advantages, such as a microchannel evaporation successfully applied to domestic air-conditioning indoors, problems of equal distribution of refrigerants, drainage of refrigerants, and successful development of microchannel heat pump for domestic air-conditioning outdoors, which solves the problem of frosting fast and bending.
Questions of effectiveness. Thanks to the product advantage, in 2019, the three-channel microchannel won the Golden Award for Good Self Control Group and the Award for Continuous Improvement. Figure 28: Research and development actively works with clients to improve product reliability
3.1.2, Zero. The advantages of integration are evident, and technology R & D and market applications are at the forefront of the global industry, from the development of car heat-inflated valves (txv) in 1987 to the second largest global market in txv in 2015, to the Paceaward Innovation Award in 2017 with the electro-inflated valves, with three zeros on the way.
In contrast to related industry enterprises, corporate product coverage is more comprehensive and has now achieved full coverage of products such as batteries and electronic equipment cooling, electrical pumps cooling in engines and power systems, electronic water valves, electronic pumps, battery coolers, coolers and oil coolers, and many products have become major parts and components of global automobile companies.
Multi-type layout companies can provide customers with a variety of technical solutions, such as co2 new cooler heat and pump air conditioning technologies, with a clear pre-emptive advantage. The development of co2 heat pump air-conditioning systems has been joined in 2018. The Alliance will provide the East Wind Automobile Group with an autonomous, leading international solution to the development of co2 heat pump technology.
Figure 29: Companies covering various parts of the whole car heat management area of new energy vehicles
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's an intelligent electronic airquarity.
I'm sorry, newgen.
Mechanical start-stop components
Improvement & Transport System
♪ I'm so happy ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry ♪ ♪ I'm so sorry ♪
With the increasing sales of traditional car air-conditioning components and new products on the market, the three flower zeros have become the main global supplier in the area of vehicle air-conditioning and heat-management system control components. By the end of 2017, the three flower zeros and the Great Wall, Biadey, the upper steam, the upper wind, the Mercedes, Tesla, and so on.
Automobile-level suppliers have been contracted. Based on pre-products, branding, we believe that companies are expected to continue to consolidate their position in the zero-supplier industry. 3.2, Core Competitiveness II: Provide multiple system-based solutions with significant advantages of scale
Modular components will be the future direction and trend, as the company supports custom-based solutions, which will help to increase customer stickyness. As the level of automation of production enterprises increases, there will be higher demands on suppliers, especially in the new energy drivers.
Parts, product types, vertically integrated production capacity, high self-manufacturing of integrated modular components, which can provide customers with commercial air conditioning, food cold chains, heat pumps, home air conditioning, car heat management system application programmes, and deep corporate cost advantages of diversifying product lines and scaling up.
In both areas, there is a degree of synergy between purchasing and manufacturing, in addition to scaling up through upgrading of the existing production lines. The scale effect at the end of the purchase and at the end of the production is a clear cost advantage, with the company’s Māori rate remaining at around 30% above the level of the industry, while the company’s net rate is around 12%.
3.3. Core competitiveness III: Globalization creates stable customer resources, reinforces barriers to entry. Globalization such as production, R & D can reduce supply chain length and overall costs on the one hand, and global costs on the other.
At present, the company has 22 sales offices, 37 logistics centres, and over 14 production bases worldwide. In localization research, the heart and production base improves the efficiency of the company’s communication with local clients, increases the speed of response and adds up its own product skills.
The company has established long-term and stable partnerships with a number of air-conditioning, car-store, and head-level suppliers around the world. Better brands and product reputations among clients, on the one hand, deepen future cooperative intentions, on the other hand, and develop a dialogue.
In the field of refrigeration and air conditioning, the company has on many occasions won the "Quality Award" of the world's famous refrigeration, air-conditioning mainframes, such as the American, Kailey, Dakin and Mitsubishi electric machines, with the second prize of Fareoroc, the Johnson Self-Controled Award of Excellent Vendors; in the area of auto parts, the company has won the Jack Seal Award of Excellence, and Shanghai.
The Erford Award for Excellence, the Beaney Asia Pacific Award, and so on. Refrigeration components and thermal management components have a greater impact on product performance, producers tend to attach more importance to the historical service of the enterprise’s products, and new entrants’ recognition requires a certain process, so we believe that companies constitute a brand and reputational barrier to latercomers.
Figure 35: Rich customers at home and abroad Future outlook: new energy opportunities, higher growth in performance and greater certainty High growth: steady growth in refrigeration and air conditioning, with car heat management as a core driver
The robust growth of refrigeration and air conditioning operations and the rapid growth of vehicle spare parts operations is a result of the company ' s past performance and valuation improvement (1) Refrigeration and air-conditioning components: more affected by changes in industrial policy and the demand for downstream air-conditioning industries, with significant increases in the company ' s refrigeration and air-conditioning spare parts operations in 2013 and 2020 under the implementation of the two new energy efficiency grade standards
High. Before the implementation of the new energy efficiency grade standards, both faced a decline in stock clean-up, refrigeration and air-conditioning spare parts operations maintained a steady growth of about 10 per cent. (2) Automobile parts and components: car spare parts business in 2017 and then injected a new growth drive into company performance.
Motivated, but the pace of growth in auto parts and components has slowed in the context of the fall of the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2019. Since 2020, with the introduction of the two-points policy, the new energy vehicle sector has gradually shifted from a subsidy-driven to a technology-driven, demand-driven, i.e., supply-side technological innovation driving demand booms, and corporate auto parts have been growing again.
Looking to the future, we can still see a steady transition from a global energy-efficient and energy-efficient refrigeration component operation to a fast-growing technology-driven, demand-driven vehicle component operation: (1) refrigeration and air-conditioning component operations:
First of all, there is some room for growth in the breakdown of the tracks: (a) in the area of domestic refrigeration, in line with the global trend towards energy-efficient air-conditioning and refrigerating refrigerators, the need for energy-efficient air-conditioning upgrades and the need for new refrigerating refrigerators; in the case of microchannels, the steady development of efficient, energy-efficient air-conditioning components such as electro-inflating valves; and (b) in the area of microchannels, future growth.
The space lies in the replacement of traditional copper tube aluminium flaps for heat exchangers, and the new energy efficiency standards are being published in the same way as the microchannel for heat exchange industry. According to industry online data, the potential market for the global microchannel heat exchanger was 53.6 billion yuan in 2019, global market penetration was only 6.5 per cent, and heat exchange was possible for energy-efficient countries such as Euro-American.
(c) In the area of commercial refrigeration, cold-chain logistics is still in the early stages of development, and robust growth is expected in the medium and long term, with rapid growth in the field of fresh and fresh and the Government’s focus on the refrigeration of food and medicine. $3 billion a year in convertable corporate bonds will be used to raise funds for commercial refrigeration and efficient energy-saving component construction
In addition, a new round of long-term cooperation agreements between the company and the United States of America, based on the continuation of existing supply products, will develop three new products: an innovative thermal expansion valve, a microchannel for heat exchange, and a transformer control.
The firm ' s core supplier status is accompanied by increased future cooling plate performance. (2) Automobile spare parts business: with the rapid expansion of the new energy business, the company ' s share of new energy clients rose from 35 per cent in 2018.
In 2020, 61% of new energy customers are expected to receive more than is expected to continue to rise in the context of the rapid development of new energy vehicles, and the growth drivers from new energy markets will be more pronounced. Specific splitting prices: from fuel to new energy sources, the boom in new energy vehicles will become the main driver of zero-carbon operations.
The company’s auto spare parts business is maintained at a combined rate of more than 35%. Assuming that the company’s new energy vehicles, conventional fuel cars and bicycles are worth 25.10 million new energy vehicle orders each year. Further assuming the number of new energy vehicle orders for 2020-2025, the price is high: from fuel fuel to new energy vehicles, from ptc air conditioning to heat pump air conditioning, and the value of bicycles increases further.
By pushing up the zero-air space for new energy vehicles and increasing the penetration of the heat pump air conditioning programme, neutrality is expected to release around $600 million in collection space. Further, assuming a new energy source for the ptc programme, the heat pump programme, etc.
The capr will rise by nearly 40 per cent.4.2.Better certainty: supply-side reforms have led to the growth of new energy sources, and large-client effects guarantee companies are targeting refrigeration and air-conditioning operations, with stable growth certainty derived mainly from global energy-saving reduction policies.
In the case of auto parts and components, we believe that two major factors will lead to higher levels of certainty in performance: on the one hand, the supply of traditional car companies and new car-power companies with more certainty in the configuration of their electrodynamic strategies, and, on the other hand, the ability of companies to produce and order orders on a continuous basis to further enhance certainty in corporate business growth.
Global policy is guided by a clear and consistent strategy for electricization between domestic and foreign traditional car companies and new car companies, and supply-side changes are expected to drive the industry into high-speed growth. As the subsidy policy slows down, the new energy industry is moving towards a technology-driven approach, with domestic and foreign traditional car firms and new-power firms compounding targets for electric car sales.
At the same time, car companies have set clear new-energy-type investment plans. We believe that the intensive deployment of new-energy vehicles at the supply end is expected to lead to a rapid increase in sales, with a significant increase in the penetration of new-energy vehicles expected to occur in 2020-2030.
In addition to clear marketing and rolling-out plans, the expansion of the capacity of individual vehicles has steadily advanced, laying a solid foundation for the rapid release of new energy sources. In recent years, domestic firms have accelerated the construction of domestic production bases, and China has gradually become a major market with good industrial chain resources, a well-developed raw material support system, and a large market space.
We believe that the active expansion of the capacity of individual car companies will help to guarantee a rapid supply of orders, and that the large customer effect is expected to strengthen the industry. With the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, companies also quickly access new energy platform orders, such as Mercedes, Volvo, BMW, General, Biadei, etc.
The life cycle of the vehicle is five to six years, and once the new parts and components supplier has been developed, the likelihood of a change of supplier is lower, coupled with the competitive advantage of the company's more competitive products, and we believe that the company's future growth is more certain. In addition, the construction of the parts and components of the new energy vehicle continues to progress and the expected returns are stable.
The Division remains actively engaged in the new energy vehicle spare parts construction project, with three annual production of 11 million new energy heat management units expected to be completed by the end of 2021 and 1.5 million new energy heat management components tendered in 2020 expected to be operational by the end of 2021, which is expected to increase the size of company automobile spare parts operations.
In addition to the rapid development of the new energy vehicle industry, the company ' s share of new energy customers rose from 35 per cent in 2018 to 61 per cent in 2020, and is expected to be offset by the replacement of conventional fuel trucks by new energy vehicles.
Microchannel unit operations: Microchannel heat changers are more advantageous and have alternative properties than copper tube aluminium flaps, but given the ongoing process, cost and technical improvements in microchannel heat exchangers: (a) there is a problem of frosting in the area of vehicle air conditioning applications and the cost of technological improvements is yet to be optimized; (b) stability in home, commercial air conditioning applications
Refrigeration business units and others (including refrigeration business units, the Avico business module and others): given the implementation of the new energy efficiency standards in July 2020, it is expected that the volume of FAC sales will be released in 2021 and that efficient energy-saving components, such as electro-inflated valves, will benefit from an increase.
The Māori rate, influenced by a number of factors, such as cost of personnel, will decrease and, in the long run, with the rapid release of new energy customers, the use of the refrigeration and new energy vehicle components industry as a shield environment, the silver wheel shares, the shares of Soong Chi, the Tupou Group, the Eastern electric heat and the Xu rise shares as comparable companies can be seen as refrigeration components and the new energy heat.
From the point of view, the company values are lower than those of the Toto Group, Orient Electric, and others, which are dominated by new energy components. We believe that the penetration rate of the new energy vehicles is expected to increase rapidly, and the company has already taken the lead in developing traditional domestic cars such as Biadi, Ulai, Peng, the general public, BMW, etc.
The new power of energy-based vehicles, which is expected to continue to rely on large customer effects and expansion of capacity to drive performance growth in the future, gives the first “buy-in” rating for coverage. New energy vehicles are sold below expectations, industry competition increases, raw materials rises, and output expands below expectations.