Construction in China (60168.sh) Construction in China (601668): Business structure moving towards “532”
Capital, offshore operations, cash dividends, and a transfer of 4 shares per 10 shares to all ordinary shareholders.
The increase was considerably higher than in the previous two years, when the new contract for the construction business alone was 1.4 times the company’s total operating income in 2017, which we believe is a good guarantee for the company’s performance over the next two years. The beneficial ppp project was pulled, and the capital performance indicators increased significantly faster than the building blocks.
The company ' s revenues from infrastructure construction operations in 2017 were $23.921 billion, an increase of 32.80 per cent, and its construction services were awarded $2.22 trillion in new contracts, an increase of 18.4 per cent, for the year in which the infrastructure operations were awarded $7.4 trillion, an increase of 28.2 per cent.
There is already a high rate of occupancy in the lower integrated halls and ppp projects, and there has been a significant increase in the indicators for capital operations.
(+2.4 pc), the highest Māori rate among the company's four business plates, Haiti's profitability, continued industry-wide leadership, and the company's future performance was expected to benefit from rich land reserves and higher profits.
8.06%. During the reporting period, new contracts for offshore construction were awarded at $5.5 billion, an increase of 74.85% over the same period. During this period, the company acquired new contracts at $123.2 billion in countries along the “one-way” route, accounting for nearly 60% of all new contracts signed abroad, continuously cutting off influential projects and overseas operations.
In 2017, the company ranked first among 250 international engineering contractors worldwide and 11th internationally.
One of the firms built is currently undervalued and, in the long run, as the reform of state enterprises progresses, companies have the potential to stimulate new development potentials and give them an “enhanced” rating. ppp projects fall short of the expected risk;
New wealth surged in 2011 and crystal ball 5th and gold cow 5th in 2012. Eight years of vendor research.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.