Utunbus (600066.sh): The foreign market has brought about a sustained increase, with the domestic bus market recovering in the immediate aftermath: the company published its annual report 2022, and the company achieved 21.799 billion operating revenues throughout the year in 2022.
Four quarters of the year saw a significant improvement in profitability and a positive contribution from overseas markets. In 2022, the company achieved business income of $21,799 million, compared to 6.17 per cent in the year; net profit from maternity was $759 million, compared to 30198 vehicles sold, a 27.8 per cent decline in the same year.
11755, or 27,98%; 1 1978, or 30,14%, of medium passenger vehicles; and 6,465, or 22,68%, of light passenger vehicles. By region, the domestic sales of 24515 were higher than the domestic sales of Māori, while overseas sales were higher.
Interest rates make a positive contribution to performance.
(a) Māori at 20.4 per cent for the field and +4.27 pt for the same year; 28.19 per cent for the city and 10.05 pt for the same year;
Key technology research and industrialization; multi-site fuel cell technology and technology research and development; t7 high-end commercial vehicle product upgrading; new airport ferry and u-series high-end bus products; domestic passenger-car industry demand is expected to recover: (1) seating passenger vehicles: 22 years of macroeconomic impact
The volume of passenger and tourist bus sales has declined significantly, and as the domestic economy has recovered from the outbreak, the Sunda Securities Company Ltd. is expected to see a recovery in demand for passenger, tourist and group buses; (2)
Bus: affected by the withdrawal of the 22-year new energy vehicle acquisition tax subsidy, 22-year bus sales, 9th House of the City of Beijing West Side Street, building 1
To achieve reverse growth, with urbanization and the replacement of conventional energy by new-energy buses, we expect a flat or slight increase in the bus market in 23 years; (3) school buses and other vehicle-type areas: the acquisition of vehicles in the 11-13 year period of the school bus market is about to enter the renewal cycle, housing and tourism vehicles
The expansion of overseas markets has led to sustained growth: (1) a steady growth in the overseas passenger-car industry: 2022, with events, exhibitions and events on schedule, global socio-economic events are coming back to life and public transport.
As an infrastructure for citizen travel, the demand for markets such as passenger transport, tourism, etc. is expected to be released gradually. At the same time, new energy demand has accelerated in Europe and the United States, South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc., driven by energy-saving reductions, environmental awareness, and the development of new energy technologies; (2) business change + market expansion: corporate marketing and marketing
The service network achieves a global layout and gradually delivers technology through kd assembly in a number of regions, and the business model of rcep's gradual implementation of a "one-way" partnership is expected to be a profit forecast and investment rating for Chinese guests: companies are leading firms in large and medium-sized buses around the world, with excellent performance.
\triangleright vehicle manufacturing and research and development capabilities, in the context of the steady recovery of the domestic bus industry and the continued expansion of overseas markets, the share of the company's traditional buses is expected to rise steadily and new energy and intelligence fields are expected to be brought about
A billion yuan, corresponding to 22, 19 and 14 times the price of raw materials, macroeconomic fluctuations leading to less than expected demand, and the spread of new energy vehicles.
Figure 1: Year-on-year revenue per year / Year-on-year increase in revenue per year / Year-on-year gain per year / Year-on-year increase in gross operating income (millions of yuan)
Figure 3: Year-on-year increase in quarterly revenue per bus, Figure 4: Year-on-year net profit from quarterly return to mother-on-year increase, Figure 5: Year-on-year Māori rate per year
Figure 6: Yearly cost of Uttarbuses, Figure 7: Annualized sales of Ututubuses, Figure 8: Quarterly sales of Utilitybuses
Figure 9: Quarterly sales of U-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T. Figure 10: U-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the car industry, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc.
B.A., formerly employed at Toyota Motor Technology Centre and Joaquin Securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies + two years of research and research in the automobile industry. Covered the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc.
Ding, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covers areas such as smart cabins, electric motors, and whole cars. Which components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.