(a) The Woo-tung bus (600066.sh): the ongoing transformation of profitability: the company published a quarterly report in 2023, with a revenue of 3,576 million yuan from the operations of 2023q1, compared to +14.2 per cent, and a net profit of 121 million yuan from the return to the mother.
\triangleright Practice No.: $15005226001
An average of $80,560,000 per bicycle, or +13.0 per cent, is considered to be largely due to the continued expansion of export markets with higher prices for bicycles and a gradual increase in sales of new energy buses. Profitability has improved considerably.
\triangleright's net profit was reversed, and we believe it's mainly due to good corporate cost control, and a quarterly write-off using impairment and asset impairment losses of about $900 million.
Foreign expansion has led to an increase in volume and a revival of tourism in the domestic market. Overseas markets: 23 years, first quarter, Yutong reaped large orders, with 550 vehicles from Saudi Arabia, 800 from Uzbekistan and 150 from Kazakhstan, and so far, “all the way” has been delivered.
Domestic tourism: According to data from the Ministry of Education and Tourism, the number of travelers in the country has increased by more than 20 per cent, as well as the amount of tourism revenues; the number of travelers in the country has increased by more than 70 per cent over the same period, the tourism industry has continued to warm up.
The successful delivery of tourist buses, such as in Zhang Jiaxuan, is expected to contribute to tourism development on a sustainable basis. Profit predictions: the company is a leading global bus company with a steady recovery in the domestic bus industry \triangleright
+In the context of the continued expansion of overseas markets, the share of companies in traditional passenger vehicles is expected to increase steadily, and new sources of energy and intelligence are expected to bring about full additions. We expect companies to return to their homes in 2023-2025. Risk factors: price fluctuations in raw materials, macroeconomic fluctuations leading to less demand than expected, new energy sources
The bus is not as popular as expected.
Figure 1: Company revenue (millions of yuan) and increase (percentage) per year (percentage) in the West Side of Beijing. Figure 2: Company revenue (millions of yuan) and increase (percentage) per quarter.
Figure 3: Corporate net profits (millions of yuan) and rate of increase in calendar years (in %): Company net profits (billions) and rate of increase (in %) by quarter (in %)
Figure 6: Quarterly cost of companies (%) Figure 7: Annual sales of company buses (one) Figure 8: Quarterly sales of company buses (one)
Figure 9 Quarterly sales of company buses (cars) Figure 10: Quarterly pick-up of company buses (millions of dollars)
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in such areas as the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
The main areas covered are the entire car, the Tesla industrial chain, electrical intelligence, etc. Cao Zing, the Sunda Securities Automobile Research Assistant, the Beijing University of Technology, the Master of Economics, the Bachelor of Engineering, which covers, inter alia, the new power of motor vehicles, car connections, car-making, etc.
What is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.