# Second Curve # Import Substitute
▪ The company has deployed the radio front end full product line: Dzumi focuses on the development of radio front end products, which are divided into two main categories: separation devices and radio frequency modules, which consist mainly of radio frequency switches, witch/low noise amplifier, lna/power amplifier, pa/filter, etc., and radio frequency models.
Difem/ldifem/lfem/lnabank/l-pamif, etc., and w-fi6fem and btfem, which are widely applied in the areas of smartphones, telecommunications bases, drones, auto electrons, etc. The company now has the production capacity of radio frequency devices and modules for mobile communications, 6-inch filter waves
The production and production of crystallines have now evolved into a feb-lite business model, with integrated layouts that effectively guarantee the technological autonomy of companies.
Front-end refers to the intermediate module between the radio frequency transceiver and the antenna, which functions as the transmission and reception of the radio-magnetic wave message, whereas the radio-frequency front-end module is a combination of two or more separate devices, and the limited pcb panel area and the increasingly complex functionality of the radio frequency model make integration high.
In response, the mainstream structure at the front end of the 5g radio frequency was divided into two types, mainly in the hase5n and phase7 series, different from the sub-3ghz band. In the trend towards modularization, the phase7 programme and integration of higher l-Pamid have greater potential, and l-Pamid will be branded as medium- and high-end mobile phones.
The global mobile terminal Pamod market is expected to reach $8,931 million in 2025, with capr increasing at a rate of 8.83 per cent in six years. The current low domestic production rate at the front end of the radio frequency, while the company’s product lines now include almost all the separate devices, and the Fab-lite business model will enable the company to produce.
There's still room for a separate device, a national production drive, and a five-g increase in the frequency of the 5g series, "Dou Weiwei" (300782); the third year of 2021.
The increase in demand for radio front end devices is based on forecasts from yoledevelopment, and is rated from the quarterly report: steady progress in the industrial chain sheeting of billions of dollars. Clustering is a new trend, although the market share of separate devices will be reduced relatively.
In 2022, the share of domestic manufacturers in radio frequency switches reached 20%, and the share of both in Inna and Pa was more than 10%.
After the gradual increase in the national production rate of the separate devices, Cheol-sung is expected to be the first to benefit. The report points out that the diversity of the layout has worked well.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect companies to achieve operating income by 2023-2025 L-patid companies with autonomous control over the current radio frequency industry chain, which is expected to generate a new growth point for the company, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
1. The lead manufacturer of the domestic radio frequency device, which is moving towards the age of the module, Jiangsuzo Sheng Wei, Inc., was established in 2012 and listed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board in June 2019 as one of the more complete and integrated enterprises in the field of the front end of the radio frequency in the integrated circuit industry in the country.
The Division mainly provides the market with radio frequency switches, low radio frequency noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, front end separation devices and various module products, as well as external low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips. The development of the company can be divided into the following three stages:
The company quickly adjusted its strategic plan to shift to the design and manufacture of radio front-end chips, and quickly made new products available to the market, filling the country.
In 2014, the company launched mobile communications conductor switches and wifi switch products, and became a supplier to end-users such as Mi, oppo, vivo. Lead: the company was officially listed on the start-up board in 2019.
Actively building a global advanced “intellectual” production line, successfully building an internationally advanced 6-inch saw filter crystalline. On the basis of the 6-inch saw filter line, the company builds a team of professional technicians by adding advanced equipment and gradually building manufacturing capacity for 12-inch ipd filter products.
The company’s main operations include radio frequency separation devices and radio frequency module products, which include radio frequency switches, radio low-noise amplifiers, etc., and module products at the receiving end (lfem, linabank, etc.).
Difem, l-difem, and wifi connection module products (wififem) have a high shareholding ratio of 30.33%, with absolute decision-making power over the company, which is conducive to a successful strategic deployment of the company.
Xu Zhihan, as the only ordinary partner, holds 73.57% of the shares in the investment, of which the joint venture is the company’s largest shareholder. The company’s shareholders, Mr. Xu Zhihan, Mr. Feng Soon-jung, and Mr. Tang Liang, are acting in concert, jointly controlling 33.36% of the votes of the public and actually controlling the company.
The management team has a strong technical background that provides important guidance to the company’s fast-track product mix and technology development. Mr. Xu Zhihan, Chairman and Managing Director of the company, Mr. Tang Liang, Vice-President, and Mr. Yao, Director of the company, all have master’s degrees in Qinghua, Bachelor’s degree in universities and universities both at home and abroad, as well as engineers and directors in electronic related technology companies.
Technical and managerial positions, such as masters, chief scientists, general managers, etc., are highly relevant to the technical direction and management of the company. Companies continue to implement equity incentives and maintain core technicians and a stable management team.
For middle management and technical (operational) cadres of companies to demonstrate corporate development confidence. Equity incentives for 2021-2022 to drive long-term, high growth in company performance.
The number of radio frequency modules has increased year by year, and the company's main business has moved from a separate device to a module. As the number of frequencies to be supported at the front end of the 5g radio frequency has increased significantly, limitations in mobile intelligence space have led to the gradual movement of the radio frequency front-end chip from a separate device towards an integrated module. The radio frequency module was not the company's main business until 2022, when the radio frequency module took over.
A third of the main battalion’s operating income is gradually replacing the radio frequency separation device, which is the main product of the front end of the radio frequency industry. The demand generated by the demand for supplies has led to high stock levels, and the growth of the replacement cycle has led to a decline in the harvest.
Electronic demand fell short of expectations, companies tested inventory for impairment based on the precautionary principle, resulting in an increase in inventory impairment loss, cost advantages that contributed significantly to the increase in net parent profits, the intense homogenization of 2021-2022, and a partial decline in net parent profit scales. In 2019-2021, companies gradually expanded to high-end applications, designing and manufacturing highly integrated to match.
Higher products meet high-end demand in the market, with a steady increase in net return profits as cost advantages become more pronounced. From 4.9 years, there has been a marked homogenization of the mobile phone market, with strong competition from suppliers, with a rising share of low Māori product sales leading to a continuous decline in Māori rates, but companies' ability to operate and produce better than the industry average and are at the forefront.
The cost rate has been accompanied by increased corporate management capacity, lower costs, and a steady rise in net interest rates. The company’s direct sales model has been subject to pressure because of the downside smartphone sales in 2022, which affected the company’s performance, and because the filter industry requires greater R & D investment.
During the year, the company’s branding influence increased significantly, business stability, associated costs and expenses decreased, while revenue steadily increased and the impact decreased. The significant increase in management costs was mainly due to the company’s growing size, which attracted a large number of innovators from within and outside the country to join the company, resulting in a sharp increase in the number of employees. In 2022, management costs amounted to $109 million, three times as high as in 2019.
In order to strengthen the internal dynamics, the company has steadily advanced its core semiconductor, industrially built projects, and continued to increase its R & D investment and its pool of talent. In 2019 - 2022, the company’s R & D investment was remunerated, and the ratio of R & D engineering fees has gradually increased in recent years, indicating that the company is struggling to maintain core technical talent and upgrade its product creation.
The investor relationship activity log, published on the day, showed that the company had previously introduced an integrated ipd filter and applied it to 5gnr.
The array products of the frequency band, such as fem (assembly receiving module, integrated radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers and ipd filters), l-pamif (main collection transceivers, integrated radio frequency amplifiers, radio frequency switches, ipd filters, low noise amplifiers), are produced in branded customers. By the end of 2022, the company ' s own production lines were well under way, with a collection of them.
Products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules that are self-produced high performance filters have been certified by brand customers and have begun to be delivered progressively; self-produced IPD products have also completed the process flow phase into small batch production, high performance filters have been able to produce in a quantitative manner, and dual and quadruple products have been introduced.
1.3. Detachment device rotation module, which allows the entire industrial chain to be autonomously controlled with 2.5 g-guided radio frequency (RF) arrays with a full price increase The front end of the radio frequency refers to the intermediate module between the radio frequency transceiver and the antenna, which functions as the transmission of a radio magnetic wave signal
Delivery and reception are the core modules necessary for mobile terminal equipment to achieve wireless communication functions such as cellular network connectivity, w-fi, bluetooth, gps, etc. Radio front end, combined with base belts, radio frequency transceivers, and antennas to achieve two essential functions of wireless communication that transform binary signals into high-frequency radio-magnetial signals and send them, and receive radio-magnetic signals.
The radio front end module is a combination of two or more separate devices in radio frequency switches, low-noise amplifiers, filters, binoculars, power amplifiers, etc., which can be divided by function into launch and reception, combined with launch and relay.
The collection function is called the main cluster. Only the receiving function is called the fractional module. The 4g, 5g module has a variety of integration options, using the difem and l-fem programmes, the 4g collection is assembled on the basis of difem and l-fem, and the 5g cluster is further integrated on the basis of l-fem into pamid and femid.
High l-pamif and l-patid programmes. 2.1.5 g leads to a trend of cluster integration, i-patid being the new trend of the 5g radio frequency front end mainstream structure, divided mainly into the phase5n and phase7 series, with two programmes in sub-sub-groups.
The l-pamif+l-fem scheme is used in the 6ghzuhb band, the difference being in the sub-3ghz band: the first is the phase5n structure, which uses the mmmbpa+txm module to externalize filters and multi-workers; the second is the phase7 series structure, which makes all radio frequency devices into a higher integrated l-pamid module.
The increase in the number of 5g separation devices makes the modularization necessary, with a higher integration of the phase7 architecture and the potential of l-patid. During the 5g era, the number of frequencies available for mobile devices has gradually increased, the number of required radio front end devices has increased, while the limited space and lightly thinning of the mobile phone requires a higher degree of integration of the modules.
Technical difficulties, not simple integration, also involve optimal solutions to issues such as performance improvement, compatibility, and interconnectivity, which are more technologically difficult. Thus, in the trend towards modularization, the phase7 programme and the more integrated l-Pamid are more potential, and i-Pamid will be the label of medium- and high-end mobile phones.
2.2. The high-performance, high-integration Pa-mode consists of a trend, with a full price increase Pa-mode is the largest segmented product market at the front end of the radio frequency and mobile phones are the largest end-use market in the country. According to yoledevelopment, mobile phones account for about 65 per cent of the country ' s downstream market, followed by a w-fi share of 20 per cent.
The base station market is about 10 per cent. The world ' s mobile terminal front-end sub-products accounted for the largest share of pa-modules in 2019, with a market size of $5.376 billion, the global mobile terminal pa-module market is expected to reach $8,931 million in 2025, and the capr growth rate of 8.83 per cent in six years, with 35.16 per cent.
The mobile phone 5g requires more radio frequency devices, and the high-integration Pa module is more appropriate. Mimo refers to multiple output technologies that can significantly increase the capacity of the channel and increase the efficiency of spectrum applications. 4glte uses mainly 2*2mimo, i.e. two antennas at the base station, two down antennas on the side of the cell phone, and two reception routes (1t2r);
5guhb (high frequency, n77/n78/n79) uses 4*4mimo, i.e. four antennas on the side of the base station, four antennas on the side of the cell phone, four receiving circuits per band, 1t4r at the Nsa standard and 2t4r at the sa standard. The number of additional band parts of the rx access has increased, and the number of radio frequency devices required has increased, as well as the number of high-end mobile phones.
Radio frequency devices are affected by increased frequency bands, limited internal space for mobile phones, and therefore a higher integration pa module, such as l-patid, compared to separate devices or previous radio frequency model programmes, can make the front end of the radio frequency smaller and better support 5g mobile phones. The share of home-grown mobile phones has increased, and domestic market demand is greater. In 2022, 5g mobile phones were delivered at 214 million in the country.
2.75 times more. Three mobile head manufacturers, Oppo, Vivo and Mi, have gradually increased their presence in the country ' s 5g mobile phone market, from 34.9 per cent in 2020 to 42.6 per cent in 2022. The increase in the market share of the country ' s 5g mobile phone manufacturer has had a significant impact on the demand for high-yielding integrated Pa modules.
Figure 18: 5g mobile phone shipments from our country, 2019-2022 (millions) Figure 17: 5g mobile phone shipments from the world, 2019-2025 (millions) 5g mobile phone penetration continues to increase, driving the increase in demand for high-integration Pa modules.
Mobile phone transmissions are faster and slower, support more networks, and communication systems are more advanced, allowing users to experience better use. 5g commercial landings also boost the demand for 5g mobile phones. 5g smartphones worldwide reached 214 million in 2022, while the size of the 5g mobile phone market continued to expand in 2022, reaching 38.7%, compared to higher levels.
The annual increase of 38.2% in yoledevelopment projects 5g smartphones to reach 804 million by 2025, with a penetration rate of 69%. The demand for l-pamif, l-patid high-integration Pamod modules for 5g mobile phones has increased with the 5g handloads.
Changes such as the 5g multi-band are more demanding, and the high-performance integrated Pa module is more valuable. The 5g cellular mobile communication technology, as a new generation of communications technology, has a certain change in the frequency of communications, the number of frequency bands, the bandwidth of channels, the complex application of technology, etc., with higher requirements for the design of the Pa module.
The order is higher, a modem is capable of transmitting more bits of information, increasing spectrum efficiency, and making the variations in the range of different signal points smaller, requiring a higher linearity of the Pa module in order to accurately identify the different signal points. 5g covers the original frequency of 3g, 4g, etc., while adding about 50 new frequency bands, requiring more radio frequency devices to support them.
The functionality requires that the pa module be able to achieve performance improvements to support wider bandwidth, optimize compatibility, interconnectivity, etc. to achieve higher integration. These requirements increase chip design, encapsulation difficulties, and high-performance, high-integration pa modules are of higher value. The 3gpa module has a unit price of $1.29 per unit in 2020, according to the ASAP.
The unit price was $2.93 per unit, while the 5gpa module was technologically advanced and market competitive, with a sales price of $5.11 per unit, with a single combination of lpd/ltcc filter or low-frequency dual-processors with a pamif value of approximately US$ 0.4-1.5 per unit, and an integrated pa+filter/multi-worker with an l-patid value of about US$ 2-4 per unit.
2.3.l-patid is difficult, mainly based on overseas supply. US and Japanese manufacturers occupy the main market space of the Pamod. The market pattern of the Pa Model is similar to that of the front end of the radio frequency. US and Japanese firms are early in taking advantage, developing deep process experience, and accumulated practices in the global market.
According to the Aung San Suu Kyi bulletin, the skyworks, broadcom, qorvo, murata account for 35%, 22%, 17%, 9%, Cr4 83%, and market patterns are concentrated.
Central Pa is dominant, filters are aligned with its connection, and overseas manufacturers have been rolling out their products since 2019, with the stronger pa skyworks and qorvos being stronger. Broadcom has a clear filter advantage in the market of the pamid, with offshore tap producers producing 5 gl-patid modules successively by 2021.
Most of the domestic Pa-moderators are the Fables model, and l-patid is limited to design experience and high-end filters. The domestic model manufacturers include, among others, cutting-edge cores, microscopics, flying technology, smarts, sharp stone cores. At mid- and low-integration 2-4gpa modules already have the capability to match a single linehead overseas, with a national production rate of about 10 per cent for the 5-g-module.
The country’s Pa-moderators are late starters, mostly Fabless Designers, with a degree of shortness in terms of technology and product maturity, solutions, market extension capacity, and stable supply. On the one hand, I-Pamid is the most difficult and most integrated module in a mobile phone at the front end of a radio frequency. On the other hand, strong system design capabilities and metascopes are required.
National producers gradually move from a single product to a modular product, moving from a 2-4g frequency to a 5g penetration, bridging the gap by upgrading design capabilities and building up design experience. On the other hand, high-intensity Pa modules, such as l-Pamid, require high-end filters, dual-workers, and have stronger process and patent barriers.
Ex-national Pamod manufacturers supplement high-performance filter capabilities mainly through outsourcing and self-built filter lines. Overseas taps are limited, national production is gradually replaced by low- and medium-end models, and high-end models are expected to break through. In the face of tight production capacity, overseas taps shift their focus to high-value modules such as pamid, l-patid, and domestic manufacturers seize the opportunity to take the opportunity.
qorvo works hard to secure the launch module, allowing part of the receiving module and the separate device market; the skyworks, because of their high dependency on apples, give priority to the core large client apples, leaving their customers, such as oppo and vivo, undersupply and diverting some of their orders to domestic manufacturers.
In the case of high-end models, domestic mobile phone model manufacturers have developed some sort of sedimentation advantage in the 2-4g mobile phone overlap, and by close demand markets are expected to accelerate national production under 5g penetration.
The commercial production of the 5gpa module has been repeated, and some breakthroughs have been made in the l-pamid module. 2.4. Integrated layout, with the autonomous line of production of the pa-mod, filter products of the company's own production lines have included saw filters, high performance filters, binarys and quadruples
In the future, as the company’s Fab-lite business model stabilizes, the company’s synergies will be fully enhanced, and the industry chain will be strengthened.
A shift in the business model to a whole industry chain capability. As companies move from radio frequency switches to Lina.
Devices are developed towards the front end of radio frequency module, where companies not only complete filter design, but are also active in building filter crystal circle construction and radio frequency module encapsulating test production lines, developing key technologies and processes for filters, and industrializing products Production, forming whole-of-industry chain capacity for chip design, process manufacturing and encapsulation testing, building exclusive organisms for filter products
Production capacity to achieve a high degree of matchability and speed in meeting market demand, to further optimize product-wide production chains, and to guarantee the autonomous control of the company’s productive capacity. And the company’s brand-new Fab-lite model allows custom-made process development that matches applications’ design to complete fast-tracking.
At the same time, it can reduce the dependence of simulators on surrogate plants, better respond to market changes, be flexible about capacity, further strengthen the competitiveness of firms in the market, and help companies against international champion radio frequency manufacturers.
The company, as the country’s few aggregate filter designs, crystal circle manufacturing, seal testing integration, will take the lead in completing a national product at the front end of the radio frequency filter, mitigating the internal void of the radio frequency filter. The company’s radio frequency filter circuit design team consists of a country’s senior filter design team with deep filters.
The company is currently in the process of making a bulk delivery for the filter splits market, and is working in the future with its radio frequency pa/sw/lna, etc., using the wlp (wafervevelpacage) process, from filter splits to product modularization, from the R & D team to the wrapping program, and the company has always been autonomous in its research and development.
In 2020, the company set up a fully-owned semiconductor, dedicated to filtering, and in the first quarter of 2022, it completed a process line to complete the first filter stream and reliability test, which has reached the stage of volume production. The company will continue to accelerate progress in the core semiconductor construction project.
Development of advanced technology platforms and smart production platforms to promote production capacity up the slopes in an orderly manner. The investor relations log sheet published on the day showed that the company had previously launched integrated ipd filters and adapted module products for the 5gnr band, such as lfem (part receiving module, integrated radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers and ipd filters
At the same time, by the end of 2022, the company's own production line had progressed well, with products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules integrated into its own high-performance filters having passed through the product.
Card customers check and have begun to deliver progressively; self-produced ipd filter products have also completed the process flow phase into a small bulk production phase. The company’s own filter production line is now well advanced, the company’s high performance filters are already fully productive, and dual and quadruple products have been launched. We believe the filter is an important device in the radio frequency group.
While short- and long-term, production lines can guarantee technological autonomy in the medium and long term, while allowing for the addition of high-value devices in radio frequency modules to build competitive advantages for the medium and long-term development of companies.
The front end of the radio frequency consists mainly of separate devices such as radio frequency switches (switch), radio low-noise amplifiers (lna), radio frequency power amplifiers (pa), radio frequency filters (filter), dual processors (duplexer, composed of multiple filters). The radio frequency switches are divided into conductors and antenna switches.
The antenna switch is directly connected to the antenna, which is primarily used to reconcile the antenna signal to optimize its efficiency at any applicable frequency, or to exchange the optional and optimal antenna channel. The function of the radio frequency low-noise amplifier is to release the microfiche frequency signal received by the antenna.
Large, to minimize the introduction of noise, to achieve better signals on mobile smart terminals, better call quality and higher transmission of data. The role of a radio frequency filter is to retain a signal in a given frequency band, filter out a signal in addition to that frequency, thereby increasing the anti-intrusiveness of the signal and the albedo. The role of a radio frequency amplifier is to magnify the radio frequency signal in the launch channel.
The radio communications function is achieved by sending signals to the antenna for release. 3.1. Benefit 5g permeation, with a steady growth of separation devices. 3.1.1.5g frequency band increases the number of assistive separation devices.
The increase in the frequency of 5g drives the increase in the number of requests for radio front end devices. 5g defines 3 ghz and above, 6 ghz and the UHF (uhb, ultra-haghband) bands below. Most of the 5g bands below 4g and 3 ghz use 2*2 mimo, with a 1 launch 2 receiving structure (1t2r) and each band has two receiving routes (1 of which is 1).
5guhb uses 4*4mimo, 1 launch 4 (1t4r) or 2 launches 4 pick-up (2t4r), each band has four receiving routes (2~3 of which are part receiving routes), compared to the 4g band, doubles the number of rx circuits and the corresponding radio frequency front end increment.
It is to achieve a higher transfer bandwidth, thereby increasing the rate of transmission. The carrier polymer requires multiple frequency bands to communicate simultaneously, the front end of the radio frequency to support multiple launch/receipt paths between the antenna and the transceiver, which require multiple re-use filters or physical separation antennas, and the increase in the number of physical separation antenna-driven radio frequency switches (including taner and switch).
On radio frequency switches, the antenna is growing strongly. With the spread of 5g, the demand for single radio frequency switches will also increase, with the number of single radio frequency switches projected for 5g mobile phones being 15, double the number of 4g mobile phones. The antenna efficiency plays a vital role in the overall rf performance of smartphones.
The size of the market for radio filters has increased steadily. The number of radio frequency components in 5g mobile phones will increase significantly, and it is expected that the number of radio frequency units in 5g will reach 10, nearly double that of 4g mobile phones. The size of the radio filter market has doubled.
From 2019 to 2025, the market size of the stand-alone radio switch will increase from $1.1 billion to $2.1 billion. Of this, the general switch will increase from $600 million to $900 million, cagr being
5 per cent; antenna adjusters increased from $500 million to $1.2 billion, or 13 per cent for cagr; stand-alone radio low-noise amplifiers will increase in market size from $300 million to $800 million and cagr will reach 16 per cent; and separate-frequency filters and dual-workers will increase in market size from approximately $3.1 billion to $5.1 billion.
3.1.2. Radio front-end modelling is organized to influence the growth of separate devices. Modeling is widely applied to mobile smart terminals at various price levels. By the age of 4g multi-frequency multi-modes, mobile phones require a large number of devices to meet the support needs of the global frequency spectrum, and the front end of the radio frequency is becoming more complex; at the same time, separation is taking place.
To some extent, the programme has not been able to meet the demands of high integration and high performance, and the IMC programme has been scaled up.At present, the iPhone has fully adopted the modularization programme, based on an analysis of the dismantling of the wisetech web site, and is located in mobile phones issued by various manufacturers, such as Hmei, Mi, opo, vivo, Glory, etc., from 2020 to 2021.
Switches are difficult to integrate into modules, but they are still growing in the form of separate devices. As low-end cellular 5gs demand for switches is rigid and it is more difficult to integrate some of the steering switches and antenna modifiers into the modules, they are faster and filtered.
The market share of separate devices will be reduced, but there will still be one place. According to third party yole forecasts and statistics, the market size of separate filters was $250 million in 2022, and is expected to reach $600 million in 2028; and split in 2022.
The market size of the switch is $150 million and is expected to reach $90 million in 2028, with slow growth; the stand-alone device lna is expected to have a market share of $120 million in 2028.
According to yole data, in 2022, the combined market share of the foreign front end of the radio frequency market of the foreign front market was increased by international champions, who were able to take advantage of each credit upgrade to improve the company’s technological capabilities and patent layout to achieve a high rate of revenue growth and consolidate their position in the field of the RF front end chips.
The combination of modules and separation devices (CLs) totals 80%, a decrease of 5% from 2020, with a marked trend towards national production substitution. Communications upgrades drive national production substitution. The arrival of 5g accelerates the main direction of chip design research and development, i.e. pursuing low-power, high-performance, low-cost drivers for technological upgrading.
The introduction of ca and qam increases the complexity of the pre-radio frequency endware, and the introduction of mimo increases the demand for the number of front-ends of the radio frequency up and down links. Under the high frequency trend, filters, radio frequency switches, pa, and lna processes will change, precisely when national producers close the gap.
The market share of Cheol-sung has been increasing year after year in the area of separate devices, and there is a wide range of national production alternatives. The company is one of the first industry firms to produce low-frequency noise amplifiers based on the lfcnos process, and one of the first international producers to launch a single-chip product of low-frequency radiomagnifiers and switches, with strong core competitiveness.
In 2021, Cheuk Seung-seng’s share of the market in the area of separation devices rose from year to year; in 2021-2022, thanks to the epidemic and the international situation, the share of the market in the area of separation devices declined slightly, but in general it rose significantly from that of 2019. Domestic manufacturers now have the highest market share in the field of radio frequency switches.
In 2022, the market share of domestic producers in the field of radio frequency switches reached 20% and in the fields of Inna and Pa.
Domestic firms are seeking breakthroughs in the area of disaggregation. There are now a significant number of companies in the country that are following up in the field of radio frequency. In the area of filters, there are, for example, communications, the China Electric Group, Metrotech, and so on; in the area of Pa, there are purple lights, the Central Cohan, the Japs, the Suzhou Semiconductor, the Nationals, the Guangzhou Smart and Microelectronics.
And so on, in the area of switchboards, the country has a very successful, hard-dico, acetic, and Weir shares. 3.3. Drote has a leading role in the industry, with a strong product edge: the domestic separators have a fifth place in the world.
In industry, the products have been applied to end-makers such as Samsung, Mi, vivo, opo, association, tcl, and the company ' s collage radio frequency switch implementation method allows different series of radio frequency switches to share lower-floor molds in the production process, thereby significantly shortening the supply cycle and reducing the cost of R & D, a technology that greatly enhances the company ' s competition.
Power, the company’s hopes for a national replacement in the field of radio frequency switches are great. Signal receiving links are all company-owned, with many years of technological accumulation and market slogans, because the signal transmission links consist mainly of radio frequency amplifiers pa, filters, radio frequency switches sw, etc., and the overall performance table.
The result of the build-up of instruments such as the pa+sw+filter is that, despite the company ' s late start in the field of pa, the layout of the integrated industry has allowed the overall performance of the company ' s products to remain market competitive, coupled with the company ' s better extended customer relationship, and therefore the public sector is expected to move towards production in the modular era.
The company has continued to increase its input into the pre-radio frequency end-of-the-life resource platform since 2020, and is now well under way in the construction of the semiconductor semi-conductor industrialization project, with the company completing the shift to the Fab-lite model. As of 23q1, home-grown saw filters and high-performance filters have entered the full-scale production phase.
Tools and quadrants are offered to customers and are expected to be continuous. Products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules that integrate home-grown filters have been imported through brand customers. Separate filters have also been marketed, and some products have been validated by brand customers. Companies are expected to expand to other products based on their own experience in the field of radio frequency.
Building inputs to further build a long-term competitive advantage, it is expected that the cost and R & D advantages will be used to further increase the rate of ownership of the radio frequency industry in the course of its future accelerated shuffling.
Radio frequency (RF) module: The trend of RF5 has been determined that the receiving end module is expected to rise as consumer electronics recovers. For launch end module, l-patid is an important alternative to national production in the semiconductor radio frequency field, and the company ' s l-patid module has been developed to release escorts for subsequent performance.
Distinguished devices: The company has produced and has gained a prominent position in the industry in the production of discrete devices such as lna, antenna switches and conductors, and we believe that downstream consumer electronic stocks are healthy during the period, with a medium- and long-term view of consumer electronic recovery. Substitution of Sioux and national production is expected to accelerate the company ' s operations, and we expect the company ' s split instruments to earn a share in 2023-2025.
The main products we've selected are RFID front-end chips, AE electronics as comparable companies. The RIF front-end chips and the AE main electronics business are both RFID front-end chips, and there is a high overlap in the types and structures of downstream customers, i.e. the vast majority are smartphone Andre and odm clients, and the smaller part are aiot clients.
The l-patid module, which is designed with a high degree of design capacity, with Ai's RF operations accounting for a limited share of the total revenue. We believe that there is a large overlap of clients and products from both very and comparable companies, and that the successful business model is mainly the Fab-lite model, the first company in the country to achieve a self-contained one-line, and that its valuation should be higher than the industry average (pe62).
For the first time, it's covered, with a “buy-in” rating. Inadequate innovation, most of the subfunctions to the knapsacks, enhanced replacement cycles, the impact of the new crown epidemic, etc. led to economic downturns, lower sales of mobile phones, and other areas of the company that may not expand as expected if mobile phone sales continue to decline.
High-end filter development risks failure. Currently, domestic companies at the front end of a radio frequency are home-grown, except for filters, while radio frequency modules are run by filters, which combine radio frequency pa, lina, sw, etc., so breakthroughs in filter technology are essential. The major international plants, such as skyworks, qorvo, have a virtual monopoly through investment and acquisition.
The global market for filters, with very stringent patent barriers, the late start of filter technology in the country, fewer filter designs, and the company’s current product is dominated by low-end saw filters in the receiving class. If the company fails to develop launch filters and high-end baw filters in the future, it will have a negative impact on the company.
Three major financial forecasting tables, Cheuk Sheng Wei Wei, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.