For the first time, the design and manufacture were combined with the RF platform for alpha- and beta-equipment, 21st of July 2023.
The company focuses on research, development, production and marketing in the field of radio frequency integrated circuits, mainly providing the market with radio frequency switches, low-frequency noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, etc.
In 2022, the company’s business model shifted from the Fabless model to the Fab-lite model. Companies use vertically integrated operations and a parallel approach to the Fabless, which involves research and development of key technologies and processes and industrial production of products, from R & D design to crystallization.
The paradigm shift will help to improve corporate cohesion, strengthen the autonomous control of the links, and enhance the competitiveness of companies. The downstream application of companies is dominated by consumer electronics, and the global economic slowdown has led to the company’s main downstream application.
The market demand for smartphones was weak, with q1 generating $712 million in 2023 (a 34.02 per cent increase in the business income ring relative to the same speed increase - and a net profit ring increase.
According to Yoledevelopment statistics and projections, the market for the front end of the mobile terminal radio frequency was $19.2 billion in 2022, expected to reach $26.9 billion in 2028, and the average annual compound growth rate in 2022-2028 would reach 5.8 per cent.
In 2022, the market was dominated by overseas companies such as Botong, Hightower, qorvo, skyworks, village fields, etc. The total share of the top five companies in the market was about 80%.
In this context, the importance of alternatives to national production is highlighted. The product categories of companies are fully covered by four major radio frequency devices, ranging from a relatively single low-frequency noise amplifier, a radio frequency switch to a low-remote radio frequency, a radio-frequency switch, a radio-frequency filter, and a radio-frequency power amplifier;
The product type is gradually enriched from the separate device to the radio frequency module, the single machine value is increased and the technical capability to integrate the various modules flexibly according to the application needs is available, and the company has largely achieved full coverage of the radio frequency front end separation device and the radio frequency module.
The first move to Fab-lite, where the RF platform has emerged, is the Fab-lite model, which can achieve process development, product quality and reliability compatible with the application design.
At the same time, the reliance of simulators on surrogate plants can be reduced, and flexibility in coping with market changes and production problems can be made more cost-effective by balancing production efficiency with product performance.
Beneficiary. The Fab-lite business model promoted firm business transformation, with the 2022 business model moving formally from the Fabless model to the Fab-lite model, with vertical integration and parallel approaches to the Fabless, the development of key technologies and processes and the industrialization of products.
To become a complete ecological chain from R & D design, crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, to marketing.
The company’s R & D costs have increased, and the chip project has developed its long-term savings. Watch the company’s downstream cycle, Sue, and its prospects for becoming a domestic radio-frequency platform-type company at the end of the manufacturing and design stages.
I. Design + manufacture of comprehensive development, building of RF chip platforms (i) Radio frequency solutionrs, full coverage of devices, modules, companies focused on research, development, production and marketing in the field of RF integrated circuits, mainly providing radio frequency to the market
Switches, low radio frequency noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio frequency power amplifiers, radio front end separation devices, and various module product solutions, while companies provide low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips to the outside world.
It can be used in areas requiring wireless connectivity, such as smart wear, telecommunications base stations, auto electrons, bluetooth headphones, vr/ar devices and network devices. The company ' s low-capacity bluetooth microcontrolr chips are used mainly in smart homes, tweeps, and in the main product and application areas of company 1.
Companies, which have accumulated technology over the years in the field of radio frequency, have been actively engaged in research and development of innovations and resource layouts, focusing on improving the competitiveness of core technologies. Currently, companies are fully engaged in building their own complete ecological chains, integrating resource advantages such as design, materials, devices, processes and integration technologies, and building platforms for radio frequency intelligent manufacturing.
Technology accumulation and competitive advantage, companies will continue to build up the profile of the field of solid radio frequency, while maintaining and further expanding mobile smart terminals such as mobile phones, and deep-deeply exploring market opportunities in applications such as telecommunications bases, auto electronics, network equipment, and material networking. Companies will insist on autonomous research and development of core technology and resource platforms, with 5g communications.
The company has almost achieved full coverage of the radio frequency front end separation devices and radio frequency modules. The company’s product class ranges from a more single radio frequency low noise amplifier, radio frequency switches to radio frequency low noise magnifiers, radio frequency switches, radio frequency filters, radio frequency filters, radio frequency filters, radio frequency filters.
The four major radio frequency magnifiers are fully covered; the product type is progressively enriched from the separation device to the radio frequency module, and has the technical capacity to integrate the various modules flexibly according to the application needs. Modularization is the inevitable trend in the field of the front end of the radio frequency to respond to technical and product complications.
With the gradual transition to radio frequency module, the share of income from radio frequency module products as a percentage of total revenue has been increasing year by year, with radio frequency module sales reaching 30.42 per cent in 2022, an increase of 4.51 percentage points compared to the same period last year. (ii) Jianjin is new, from fables to fab-lite.
In 2022, the company’s business model was formally shifted from the Fabless model to the Fab-lite model. Companies used vertical, integrated operations and the Fabless parallel approaches to research and development of key technologies and processes and industrial production of products, creating complete ecological chains from R&D design, crystallization, seal testing to marketing.
The Fab-lite model allows for rigorous process development, product quality and reliability for application design matching, fast-changing innovations in technology and the management of new product R & D cycles to meet changing markets.
At the same time, the reliance of simulating chip enterprises on surrogate plants can be reduced, with flexibility to respond to market changes, to solve production problems, to balance production efficiency with product performance, and to be more cost-effective. (iii) Sound governance, and R & D as drivers of growth
The company has gradually established a mature R&D design and process team with core R&D teams with multi-year R&F design, development, process calibration, and a rich RF chip and module encapsulation technique.
The company actually controls Xu Zhihan, Feng Jian, Tang Liang, who is the only ordinary partner and executive partner of Xu Zhihan, who holds a share of 76.41%. The company is constantly strengthening the build-up of the talent in manufacturing techniques and technology.
The demand for talent in semiconductor industrialization projects grew rapidly in 2022, from 457 in the same period the previous year to 8337 per cent in the same year. In 2022, companies invested $449 million in research and development, up from the same period the previous year.
The most recent stage of the equity incentive was implemented in April 2023, with no more than 205 persons covered by the scheme, including senior managers, middle managers, and key technical (operational) staff.
Table 1 Corporate Equity Incentives Table 2 Corporate Stock Incentive Performance Review Requirements, April 2023
The net profit ring rises by 34.02% in the entry ratio. Figure 7 shows the growth rate of the company's revenue and the return of domestic smart machine sales, and the demand for downstream is expected to be stable.
Some 25.2 million mobile phone shipments (23% of the year, 39% of the ring), a significant improvement over May 2022 (from the same to the same 9%, 16% of the ring). As the yield ring rebounds, the consumer electronics industry moves into passive de-stocking, further away from the point of demand.
Figure 9 Monthly sales of smartphones in the country II. Device taps to expand the module market, opening up the long-term growth space (100 billion) market and replacing the pioneer with the national production of radio-frequency chips
Radio frequency, which is between 300khz and 300ghz, can be used to radiate high-frequency communication changes in space, the acronym of the electromagnetic wave. Radio frequency is mainly used to achieve two essential functions of wireless communication - sending and receiving, turning binary signals into high-frequency radio-magnetial signals and transmitting them, and receiving and transmitting radio-magnetial signals.
Structuredly, radio frequency can be separated into antennas, radio frequency transceivers, straps, and front end of radio frequency. At the front end of radio frequency, the function is the transmission and reception of radio magnetic wave signals. It is the core module necessary for mobile terminal equipment to achieve wireless communication functions such as cellular network connectivity, w-fi, bluetooth, gps, etc., which can be further unbundled into antenna modems.
(tunner), antenna switches (switch), filters (filter), power amplifiers (pa) and low noise amplifiers (lna)o of which the estimated market size of the launch end module is $12.2 billion, the estimated receiving end module is $4.5 billion, the separated filter
An estimated $3 billion, an estimated $900 million for stand-alone transmission switches, $1.9 billion for antenna switches, and $1.2 billion for low-noise amplifiers.The front end of radio frequency is critical to the development of the communications industry, and the current global market for radio-frequency front-end chips is more concentrated.
The domestic self-sufficiency rate is low, with the market dominated in 2022 by overseas companies such as Boston, Highston, qorvo, skyworks, and village fields, with a combined share of about 80% for the top five companies. The importance of national production substitution has been highlighted in the context of the growing 5g voice in the country.
In recent years, 5g communications technology has led to a significant increase in the number of frequencies that need to be supported at the front end of the radio frequency, a sharp increase in the number of components that need to be made up, and the 5g communications equipment needs to be compatible downwards to forward communications, and the required components are much larger. At the same time, the increased difficulty of handling high-frequency signals has led to a significant increase in the number of radio frequency devices.
As a result, the 5g RF front end chip structure has become more complex and more expensive. According to yoledevelopment, smartphones dropped by about 10.0% in 2022 on a year-on-year basis, to a total of 1,229 million units.
A global development, with 5g mobile phones accounting for about 50 per cent of global smartphone sales in 2022, is expected to capture the opportunity to upgrade the mobile smart equipment mode from 3g to 4g radio frequency front-end chips, starting in 2014 in the field of radio frequency switches and fast-tracked radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers products.
Open the market and gradually establish a niche in the area of segmentation, with a 10% share in the global market for company radio-frequency switches in 2018. With the advent of the 5g era, the complexity and performance of the radio-frequency front endware has become more demanding, and the company’s products in the 5gnr band have been produced in volume, with continuous escalation.
(ii) The combination of the front end of the radio frequency, the increase in the weight of the model product, the combination of modeling at the front end of the radio frequency and separation. Modelization in the launch circuit refers to the integration of the pa with the switch and filter (or double-worker).
(a) Modelization of access routes, i.e. integration of receiving lna and switch with receiving filters, i-fem, etc.
In the early years of 3g and 4g, mobile phones needed less frequency coverage, and the front end of the radio frequency was usually separated. By the time of the 4g multi-frequency model, mobile phones needed a large number of devices to support the global frequency spectrum, and the front end of the radio frequency was becoming more complex; at the same time, the separation option was in place.
The IMC programme has been scaled up to the extent that it does not meet the demands of high integration and high performance. At present, the iPhone has fully adopted the iPhone modeling program, which, based on a disassembly analysis of the wisetech site, is located in mobile phones issued by various manufacturers from 2020 to 2021, such as Mi, Opo, vivo, Glory, etc.
Over the period 2010-2019, the front-end supplier of radio frequency made a firm commitment to modularization. In order to integrate the advantages of the module in modularization, a series of front-end radio-frequency companies were set up.
In 2014, rfmd announced its merger with triquint as qorvo. 2014: a joint venture between skyworks and Matsumoto, 2016: skyworks fully funded the joint venture.
The 5g mobile phone radio front end program has been largely absorbed. It is divided into the phase7 series and the phase5n program. The two programs are the same in the new sub-6ghzuhb section, both of which are i-pamif integrated modules.
; in the sub-3ghz band, the pamid module programme and the phase5n split programme respectively. The sub-3ghz part of the phase7 programme is largely inherited by the phase6/phase6l. The new sub-6ghzuhb section, added at 5g, defines the dual frequency of support to the na77/78/79 frequency, integrated srs switch.
The introduction of the phase7 programme is well adapted to the new needs of 5g, and the 5g radio front-end programme of many end-users is quickly switched to the phase7. After the introduction of the first generation of phase7, the mtk fast-defined phase7l (phase7lite), phase7le (phase7lenhancement, phase7l enhanced version).
After the arrival of 5g, head terminal manufacturers led the definition of the phase5mmbpa to add support to the 5gnr signal, known as phase5n ("n" represents support for 5gnr)pa, based on the mmmbpa.
The built 5g option is also known as the phase5n project. phase5npa only added 5gnr signal support, pin foot, etc., so this material is accepted as opposed to sub-6ghz, although the sub-3ghz module is less frequent and less powerful than complex srs
Switches, etc., but due to the number of sub-3ghz bands, there is a need for more integrated filters and binary filters, as well as acoustic filters such as saw, baw and fbar, which impose high requirements for filter resource acquisition, multi-frequency system design capability. Therefore, the pamid used for the sub-3ghz band is the radio frequency module that currently has the lowest national production rate
There is an increase in the weight of radio frequency (RF) modules in the matrix. The product categories of the company are fully covered by four large radio frequency (HF) devices, from a more single low-frequency noise amplifier, radio frequency switch to low-frequency noise amplifier, radio frequency switch, radio frequency filter, radio frequency magnifier; the product types are progressively enriched from a split device to a radio frequency module and are based on each.
The technical capability of flexible integration of application needs into various modules has been largely achieved by the company to achieve full coverage of radio front end separation devices and radio frequency modules. In 2022, the sales of corporate radio frequency modules reached 30.42 per cent, with an increasing product complexity of 4.51 items compared to 2021, with an increase in the average number of radio frequency separation devices contained in each radio frequency module product.
The radio frequency module product, l-patid, requires the integration of components such as multi-mode multi-frequency pa and high-end filters, and the company ' s l-patid product is in the process of development, in which the high-end filters will be integrated in autonomous R & D, production, autonomous R & D, production model companies will be equipped with process, quality, performance, production, cost, supply, etc.
iii. The first shift to fab-lite, the emergence of a radio-frequency platform, is taking place, and now, due to the longer period of development and the integration of the integrated industry, foreign radio-frequency tap companies qorvo, skyworks, etc., are using the idm model. Most radio-frequency chip companies in the country are the Fables model.
The model’s integrated circuit business model is a business model between the Fabless model and the idm model.
The crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulation and testing process is conducted in combination with self-built plants and external processes. The Fab-lite model can both achieve strict control over the development of applications designed to match, product quality and reliability, fast-paced innovation of process techniques, and regulation of new product R & D cycles to meet changing market demands.
To reduce the reliance of simulating chip firms on surrogate plants, respond flexibly to market changes, capacity issues, and balance production efficiency and product performance, and are more cost-effective. We are very determined to promote business transformation using the Fab-lite business model, with the 2022 business model moving formally from the Fabless model to the Fab-lite model, using vertical integration.
In parallel with the Fables, the R & D of key technologies and processes and the industrial production of products form a complete ecological chain from R & D design, crystallization, sealing tests to marketing.
Table 5 compares the business model of companies, both domestic and foreign, with filters, which are the most valuable components in the front end of a smartphone radio frequency.
For acoustic filters, depending on technology, acoustic filters can be divided into acoustic filters (saw filters) and body sound filters (baw filters). Among these, the saw filter products include ordinary saws, tc-saw filters with temperature compensatory properties and high frequency i.h.p-saw; the baw filter products include baw-smr
The saw filter consists of a general saw filter, a tc-saw filter with temperature compensation features, and a high-frequency saw filter with high properties, both of which are upgraded products of a normal saw filter. General saw works with frequencies generally below 2.5 ghz, at lower cost, but with low thermal stability and high frequency performance.
The tc-saw filter program is being developed. At this stage, tc-saw technology is becoming more mature, and overseas manufacturers have successively introduced products for the front end of mobile radio frequency and have achieved better application results, and China still needs to explore further in this area. To overcome the weakness of the common low saw frequency and heat evaporation performance, Japan murata
i.h.p-saw filters have been developed with a working frequency of up to 3.5 ghz, combined with the temperature properties of baw and the advantages of high heat radiation, which may partially replace the baw filter. saw is more cost-effective than the baw filter and easier to replace national production. saw is mainly applied to cost.
The domestic cell phone can use the saw filter to cover a 5g signal at a lower frequency, so the saw filter still has a larger market space. The saw filter is compared to the baw filter.
Greater demand, relatively lower technical thresholds and fewer production steps (10 times the size of the baw manufacturing process) make saw more likely to be an alternative to the national production of acoustic filters.
The company is currently focusing on the construction of a semiconductor semiconductor construction project to build process manufacturing capacity through the layout and investment of radio-frequency filters and radio-frequency power amplifiers and corresponding high-end model products to lay the foundation for companies to enter high-value markets in the future.
In March 2021, the company made an additional investment of $2.7 billion to further expand the construction of the saw filtration crystal.
The company has launched the main collection of send-and-go module products for the 5gnr band, l-pamif, and the wififem products for wireless signal launch and reception, and is now being shipped on a large scale.
The company's radio frequency magnifier chip and module R & D and industrialization project achieved a net profit of $2.748.16 million in 2022. Self-built filter production is now in full scale production. By the end of 2022, the company had built its own production line.
Successfully, products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules integrated into self-produced high-performance filters have been certified by brand clients and have begun to deliver progressively; and self-produced ipd filter products have also completed the process line into a small batch production phase.
The company will build the line of production of the cytofiltration filters by actively storing the product base through layout and thrust on the products of the high-end filter and power amplifier modules, building up the technological build-up, preparing the products of the pamid adequately, and eventually forming the full range of the front end of the radio frequency.
The company Māori leads the country. With its pre-emptive advantage, Māori is now facing competition from offshore manufacturers such as skyworks, qorvo, and has a stronger voice and size advantage in the domestic radio-frequency switch market, with better pricing and profit margins, so Māori leads the Māori country ' s first radio-frequency company.
With a robust development strategy, companies are able to maintain a positive rate of return when R&D costs are rising and downstream demand is weak. Companies are now valued at a reasonable level in the industry, looking at the company as it expands production lines at the end of the manufacture, and at the end of the product, it achieves a range of RF models and devices.
Depending on weak consumer electronic demand, the demand of the company’s major end-user decreased. idc predicted that in 2023, assuming that projects such as corporate modules, performance, filters, etc. were going up gradually, the impact of high value added product releases offsets the partial cost-consumption effect of weak electronic demand, and conservatively predicting companies’ revenue in 2023 was 7.95 per cent of the same rate in 2024.
After warming, the company followed the recovery of the market, adding to the alternative effects of national production, increasing faster than the overall recovery of mobile phones, increasing the cost of corporate R & D, and creating long-term savings for the company through the Cube Project. Watch the recovery of the company downstream cycle, with the risk of a change in the international political landscape.
The business environment creates a certain degree of uncertainty, and the United States is impeding trade between the two sides by imposing additional tariffs, technology bans, and so on. Changes in the future may lead to uncertainty about the demand for integrated circuits, both domestic and foreign, and may have a negative impact on the company’s continued operations in terms of product development, marketing, and procurement.
2. Market competition risks. The radio front-end chip industry is growing rapidly, and good prospects have attracted a number of business attempts to enter the field, and market competition is increasing. At the international level, companies like skyworks and qorvo have greater financial and technological strength, higher brand visibility and market influence, compared to corporate strength and market influence.
There are gaps in brand visibility. Domestic competition for homogenous products leads to lower market prices and reduced profits in the industry. At the same time, as the performance of smartphones and flatboard computers diminishes, competitions in downstream markets are fierce, and a downward trend in downstream Māori rates may also lead to a reduction in profit margins within the industry.
In order to build long-term competitiveness, companies formally entered high-end intelligent manufacturing during the reporting period.
Companies need to invest continuously in R & D, processes, manufacturing, etc., and in the future they will be exposed to the risk of loss of value for business development and business efficiency if they do not receive sufficient operating benefits, or if their access to finance is limited.
The expansion of the scale, product lines and product models have increased the company’s inventory accordingly. While the owner of the company has to arrange for purchases and production based on procurement forecasts and orders, a significant adverse change in the future client’s production operations, market demand judgement deviations, etc., may result in a lower net realizable value of the company’s inventory, which in turn leads to a reduction in inventory value.
Chief: Sixteen years of work in the electronics and communications industry, in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, and Fauscan, many international branding terminals, working in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc., have served in China as Director General of the Procurement of Terminal Semiconductor Chips, Director of Supply Chains at Ali Baba A. Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor and hard technology; two, smart cars and robots; and three, new sources of energy.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
A person or a resident. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.