Wendell shares (300498.sz) through the cycle of mists, raising two dragons to march ahead, Xie Chi Yu.
Winch shares: 40 years of history has made our pigs grow two dragons. The company was founded in 1983, with more than 40 farms, driven by pig-breeding and yellow-eating chicken-breeding. The company’s revenue growth has been steady, and it is expected that the lower cost of farm-raising in 23 years will not compensate for the fall in the price of the product.
At a relatively advanced level, asset-liability ratios are relatively low, operating cash flows are relatively adequate and resilient. Live pigs: Price trends are expected to rise, profitability is expected to return to growth.
At the price level, based on the industry’s ability to produce pigs, production efficiency, etc., we expect an upward trend in average prices for all 24 years and a significantly better price for 24h2 pigs than h1. At the cost level, the company’s multi-channel efficiency gains are remarkable, with a combination of pig production in February of 24 years.
It has been reduced to $15.6/kg, with a 24-year target of $15-15.6/kg; the company production efficiency indicators have also been increased to varying degrees at various stages of pig farming. Overlaying takes into account the continuous upgrading of the company production model, and with the expectation of higher prices and lower company farm costs, we believe that the company is profitable in producing pigs.
Yellow roosters: The potential elasticity of the price plus the downside of the cost can lead to higher profitability. Twenty-three years of company activity, 1,180 million chickens, +9.16 per cent of the year, and a 5-10 per cent increase in the 24-year plan. At the price level, the industry’s yellow chicken production capacity is low, the consumption of the restaurant household is warmer, and the subsequent prices have upward potential.
At the cost level, after 23 years of benefiting from lower prices of raw material for feed, company feed formulation adjustments, etc., the public sector farm costs have fallen significantly, with the full cost of leaving the column down to about $13/kg in February 24; the company plans a 24-year cost target of $13.2-13.6/kg based on constant feed patterns. In addition, the company is stable.
Stepping forward the meat-save processing business and moving into the prefabricated market will help to improve the overall efficiency of fresh meat. Over 23 years, the company ' s chicken business has achieved modest gains, taking into account supply and demand patterns, as well as the benefits of subsequent hog prices for chicken prices, and so on, the company ' s yellow chicken performance has grown over time.
On the basis of fcff, head market value valuations, we believe that companies have greater potential market value space. Companies, as domestic pigs and chickens, are able to grow over time, maintaining a “recommended” rating, risk of natural disasters, etc.
"Galactic Farm Shenzhe Yu" company review report _ Winch shares (300498.sz); influenced by the low price of livestock, company h1 has a strong record.
The company acquired 80% of the shares in 2019 from the Jiangsu King Sea Poultry Group Ltd., which was created in 1983 as an inter-regional group of modern agro-pastoral enterprises, based primarily on livestock farming and supported by related businesses, and successfully landed on the entrepreneurship board in 2015.
At the end of the year, the Win-Sung shares had 403 holding companies in more than 20 provinces (municipalities, autonomous regions) in the country, with approximately 435,000 cooperative farmers (family farms) and 49,000 employees, whose main business is the production and sale of chicken and pork, and the production of ducks, cows, eggs, pigeons and their products.
At the same time, the company operates upstream and downstream around the industrial chain, along with animal slaughter, food processing, modern farming equipment, veterinary medicine production, fresh food circulation chains, financial investment, etc. After 40 years of development, the company has become the country’s biological pig and yellow pheasant head. (ii) The equity structure is fragmented, and it is controlled by the Wen family.
The corporate equity structure is fragmented as a whole, with no single shareholder holding more than 5%. As of 30 September 2023, the corporate equity incentive scheme, which covers 2455, 3645, and 4076 persons respectively, further enhances the cohesion of the company’s workforce.
Table 3: Company Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme 4,076 (5 senior managers, 4,071 middle-level, grass-roots managers and core technical staff, etc.)
The company plans that the future company will continue to be dominated by chicken farming, which will account for 60% of the total business (including slaughter) and no less than 30% of the chicken business (including slaughter and cooked food). Thus, when different chicken and pig cycles hit production in the industry, the company’s business strategy will have greater swing space, adding up to the company’s establishment.
The positive impact of an integrated whole-chain management system for food “materials-processing-sales” has been conducive to the risk of stubbling the industry cycle, to sound business practices and to steady growth.
Low, but the decline does not compensate for the decline in the price of the product, thus delaying corporate performance as a whole. Corporate profitability, corporate asset indebtedness, which remains low compared to their counterparts, and operating cash flows are relatively sufficient to provide strong support for productive operations. Livestock farming is a labour- and land-intensive process.
Support and services for critical technologies such as seedlings, feed, drugs, technical services and product marketing are needed to achieve more stable cooperation, while corporate operating cash flows are relatively adequate and demand fewer years of financing needs. Lower levels of asset indebtedness and better cash flows reflect, on the one hand, sound, risk-controlled business concepts and, on the other hand, adjustments in the company’s subsequent production operations.
The company has established a close “production research” partnership with various institutions, such as the University of Agriculture in China, Nanjing University of Agriculture, China University of Agriculture and Nakayama University, which has developed a five-level research and development system with research institutes (tech centres) as its core.
In 2022, the company maintained a high level of research and development (R & D) and spent $532 million on R & D, with a cost of 0.64 per cent, compared to 0.29pet, which is a leading industry. By the end of 2022, the company had received eight national science and technology awards, 78 provincial ministerial science and technology awards, and 10 new animal varieties (2 pigs, chickens).
7 ducks, 49 new veterinary certificates, 205 patents for effective inventions (of which 5 were patented by the United States), 365 patents for practical new types and 101 copyrights for national computer software.
(i) Industry: 24 years before and after the price of a pig, the increase in the size of a farm is in the direction of an upward trend. 1. Capable of decomposing nearly 4 million pigs, 24 years before and after the price of a pig. According to the data published by the National Statistical Office, at the end of 24q1, we have 39,92 million pigs at the end of the year.
-7.3%; Ring is 1.5 million less than at the end of the 23rd year, with a quarterly ring ratio of 3.6% compared to the most recent high of the previous period (43.3 million at the end of the 22nd year) and the effect of changes on the price of pigs: 1, simply considering changes in the stock of hogs.
The average price of pigs fluctuates around 15 yuan/kg. The average price of pigs in 24q1 is about 14.82/kg (DRC data source) and the price of pigs in 24q2 has improved, so that the average price of pigs in 24h1 corresponds to the above-mentioned pattern.
Not $23.83/kg, $15.61/kg. The price of pigs varies considerably in cases where there are no significant differences in production values, which means that other factors such as the disease, secondary fertility, etc. are disturbing. Then we look at 24H2 as having a value of 41.43 million, a reduction of around 2 million over the previous two-year period, which is the lowest for nearly three years.
In the light of these two observations, we believe that the price of 24h2 pigs is significantly higher than 24h1.2 In combination, we consider that the price of 24h2 pigs is significantly higher than the price of 24h1.2
Reverse relationship. So we're trying to get two indicators of fertility in 2024: first, we're able to grow a pig, which is based on open data from the Ministry of Agriculture and the Bureau of Statistics, and we're estimating a 24-year value of about 42.1 million; and second, we're msy, which is obtained by dividing the annual pig production from the year's ability to grow a pig, based on our data sources and how we calculate it.
22, 23 years of msy is about 15.94 and 16.87, respectively - 1.41 and +0.93. Twenty-two years of exposure to the disease, and a similar 24-year farm productivity will be affected by a 23q4 epidemic, so it is unlikely that they will increase significantly in 24 years. Assuming that the 24-year level of msy will remain at 23 years, the expected annual output will be about 710 million.
Figure 16: Potential relationship between pig production and pig prices. The above reasoning is based mainly on some of the pre-indicators. Moreover, we believe that slaughter can be supplemented by post-test indicators.
The price elasticity will be significant when the value falls below 23 million yuan. But the delay, subject to slaughter data, can only be used as a validation indicator.
Figure 17: Potential relationship of semi-annual spot-slaughter to pig prices Figure 18: Potential relationship of annual spot-slaughter to pig prices 2. Concentration and scalding of the pig-breeding industry is in the process of continuous improvement
In 2023, the country experienced a series of optimization processes, with 72,662 million pigs in the country, or 3.81% of the year. In this context, the conglomerates as a whole showed an expansionary trend, with a faster recovery of production capacity. We counted 15 registered pig companies, only *stzheng, Kim, and the same year, with 150 million head in total, compared to 16,57%, which is the main force behind the growth in the country’s production of pigs.
The concentration of pig farming in the country has increased steadily since 2017. In 2023, 24q1, 15 registered pig companies accounted for approximately 20.69%, 18.9%, and in comparison to +2.26pt, and +1.68%. Of this total, the share market of herds in 23 years was 8.78%.
In terms of scale, according to data from the Ministry of Agriculture, the share of small-scale pig farming in the country is expected to reach 68% in 23 years, with a steady increase in the efficiency of pig production and industry. In 22 years, the average number of pig-producing households in the country rose to 36.34%, compared to 2.9% in the same year.
In the context of expanding production capacity and increasing concentration in the industry, there will be more competition in the blocs and the diaspora, which, benefiting from such advantages as supply chains, technology, finance, standardization and risk resistance, are expected to enjoy the potential of their own scale expansion.
Figure 21: Rapid upward trend in the number of farms/houses above 500 in the country
179.86 million head and 2,26.22 million head, +38.47 per cent, +35.49 per cent, and +46.65 per cent, maintaining a high rate of growth. From the point of entry weight, most of the company ' s log weights have fallen between 230 and 250 pounds since 2018. The company shows a normal production rate, which is more evenly balanced. According to company announcements, the company ' s capacity to effectively raise boars has increased to around 35 million, with the company planning to do so in 2024.
After the year, herburo shares gained momentum and in 2020 the city outperformed the Winch stock. In 2023, the number of pigs born in the company was 3.61%, compared to 1.06 pet, which has been growing steadily since 2020; in 23 years, the market was second only to herbs, the second largest in the industry, and figure 25:218 to date, the number of pigs born in the company is heavy.
The large-scale outbreak of the African pigpest has hit a lot of businesses in our pig-breeding industry since the beginning. With the combined effects of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the African pigpest epidemic, the company experienced a contraction in numbers and an historical high in pig prices in 2021.
The annual losses in corporate pig-breeding operations were 42.642 billion yuan, an increase of 44.58 per cent over the same period; the Māori 7.44 billion yuan, a significant increase of 183.01 per cent over the same year; considering the higher performance of corporate pig farming, the lower costs of farming, and the expected improvement in the subsequent prices of pigs, the company ' s ability to produce pigs is expected to recover;
For companies, one of the key elements that can be controlled is the cost of pig farming, which is discussed below. Overall, the combined cost of pig farming in companies is gradually returning to non-pest status, and the cost of reducing the cost of pig farming is improving performance.
The company’s multi-channel efficiency gains, and the cost of pork farming, have largely returned to normal levels. According to the company’s bulletin, the full cost = the cost of pigs’ seedlings + the cost of saplings + the cost of drugs + the cost of surrogates + three (finance, management, marketing), the combined cost = the full cost + other gains and losses (the death of the pig + related matters).
(1) In terms of the composition of costs, according to company announcements, the total cost of a company ' s pork farm is about 20-25%, the cost of feed is about 50-60% and the cost of medicines is about 2%. (2) In terms of cost changes, the total cost of a non-pessil company is about $12/kg and the full cost is about $11.6-11.8/kg. 2018q4,
The combined cost rose slowly to $13.4-13.6/kg at a full cost of $11.8/kg. In 2019q2, the combined cost continued to rise to $14.55/kg at a full cost of approximately $13.0-13.2/kg. In 2020, the total cost increased significantly to $22.5/kg/year, as a result of high-priced out-sourcing and low-capacity-sharing fixed costs.
The impact of the seedlings has declined from a monthly rate of 650 yuan/heads at the beginning of 21 years to 350 yuan/heads in October 23 years, which is the main driving force behind the decline in farm costs. For reasons such as better disease prevention and control, more stable production, and a steady increase in production performance, the combined cost of the company ' s pork farming has been approximately 16.6-16.8 yuan/kg for the year as a whole, compared to around 0.6 yuan/kg in February of 24 years.
(3) In terms of the regional dispersion of costs, the differences in costs between regional units have gradually narrowed over the past 23 years, with 11 units controlled below $16/kg combined in February of 24 years. The cost of corporate farming is gradually returning to non-pestival levels as a result of multiple mitigation efficiency initiatives.
In the light of the new situation in the epidemic prevention and control industry, the company has promoted management and organizational change, and has continued to optimize the pig-planting structure, which has now been restored to a better level of productivity and improved productivity.
In terms of the growth patterns of pig growing, the production model of the “three hybrids” produced by the company is excellent, fast-growing, and low-cost. The company currently uses a combination of production of “two hybrids” and “three hybrids” to produce pigs, which account for the company’s parents.
Unlike the social term "triple-mother" (i.e., a binary-mortality pig and a terminal-mortality pig). Its growth is faster, its meat is lower, its meat is higher, it is thin, it is usually fattened as a meat pig, but its reproductive performance is much lower than that of a dual-mortality pig, and it is not desirable for pigs to grow), and the company's "triple-mixed" pig production model has been studied for more than 10 years, through research, selection and production.
At the same time, the company’s current ability to grow pigs is concentrated mainly within four births, with a lower overall birth age and a higher capacity to grow. Given its supply capacity, the company has sufficient stock to provide for itself.
In 2018, under the influence of a non-pest, the company took the initiative to phase out some of the threatened pigs, to keep the pigs in stock, to suspend the purchase of pig seedlings, to adjust the focus of the return to pig farming from pursuing the number of pigs to continuously optimizing the structure of the pigs, and to focus on building an efficient pig farm and increasing the supply of efficient pigs.
For 22 years, the focus of the company's work has shifted from increasing the number of pigs to increasing the quality of pigs. As of February 24, the company was able to grow pigs.
The company’s initial plan is to be able to reach 1.6-16.5 million by the end of the 24-year period. Moreover, the share of extra purchase in 2022 has fallen significantly to 0.53 per cent, compared with the change of 17.89 per cent in comparison with 17.89 per cent, and the company’s ability to feed itself has increased significantly.
During the mating phase, the company’s share of the dolock pig semen is expected to gradually return to pre-pest levels. Durock is one of the great varieties of boars introduced in the country, characterized by a high rate of meat and meat, and is widely used as the end of modern commodity pigs in the country. In October 2022, the company’s use of the dolock pig sperm in the plant was about 60%; by the end of 2022,
In the future, it is expected that the share of the doloc pig semen is expected to gradually return to non-pest levels. 2. The head of the hog production phase, with a single month ' s maximum of 10.9. Physy indicators (the number of weaning pigheads that each basic pig can provide every year, calculated by the company)
There is also an upward trend in the formula py = number of weaned pigs/basic hogs, rising from 2022q1 at 20.4 to 23q4 at 22.4 and gradually returning to the level of py at 24-25 before the disease.
The company's fertility listing rate (from weaning pig to 92% per month, and it has stabilized since then at about 92%) is expected to rise gradually to the level of 94-95% before the disease. The full-time listing rate (from the birth to the fertility stage) can be used as a “full-scale listing rate” = (1-to-life mortality rate) – for childbearing.
The company’s whole-way listing of pigs has also shown a marked upward trend, as the survival rate has dropped from more than 10% in 2019 to around 7% in 2022, and has largely recovered to the level of 5-6% before the plague. Reaching the lowest level in almost two years, moving closer to the pre-destination level of 2.45, will help companies further reduce their costs and improve their farm efficiency.
At the heart of the “Corporate + Farming” is the continuous upgrading of the farming model. At the heart of the corporate farming model is the “Corporate + Farming” light asset model, which is one of the main drivers of the company's continued growth. Since 1986, the company began to develop partnerships for chicken-breeding, and in 1989 started the “Corporate + Farming” farming model in the industry; the company entered in 1997.
The pig-growing industry also replicates the experience of the “company-plus-farmer” model into the pig-raising industry. The model has the following features and advantages:
2) The ability to interface with the market is strong. Co-operative farmers deliver livestock products of high market age to the company for sale in a uniform manner, avoiding “dispersed, chaotic, weak” sales by single farmers themselves, increasing the company's ability to interface with the market through size advantages, and effectively segregating market price fluctuations to the co-operative farmers as a result of the company's contract of trust farming and the settlement of the insured price of co-farmers.
(3) The management system is well regulated. The company establishes “five unified” management standards (harmonized varieties, unified vaccinations, uniform seedlings, uniform use and uniform marketing), strictly controls the quality and cost of raw materials such as seedlings, drugs, vaccines and feed, ensures the quality of products and food security, reduces the time and internal consumption of intermediate transactions, and improves the working efficiency of the integrated chain of farming industries.
Since 2017, the company farming model has been gradually upgraded from “company + farm (or family farm)” to “company + modern farm area + farm” to “business + farm” to create a wealth chain by exploring the “business village” model. The company began to explore poultry farming at the earliest in 2017.
The model “Corporates + Modern Farming Zones + Farm Households” was introduced in 2020 and has been widely promoted since 2021. Under this model, the company is responsible for the rental of land throughout the farmed area and is responsible for a single “three-way-one-way” (water, electricity, road and land), construction planning and the processing of business permits, as well as for various forms of cooperation with farmers.
Automotive farming equipment and specialized services, with only two people per pighouse to complete 1,000 meat farms, environmental treatment and logistics, have greatly improved productivity. Companies measure that the application of the “Corporate+Modern Farm + Farm Household” model has an advantage in cost control, resulting in a saving of 0.5/only, and about 75-100/head for chicken farming.
The model of “company + farm (or family farm)” and “company + modern farm + farm” each account for about 50% of the resources. In building modern farming districts, the company actively explores the model of a “banking village” that responds to the demands of the new era for rural organizational development, and works to revive the village and build a chain of co-rich industries through industrial revitalization.
The four main entities of the enterprise, the village group (farmers) build farms in two different ways: (1) the executive village stock platform company, with a bank share of 1:1 to build farming areas. The districts are leased and operated by the agricultural leader. Ten% of the profits from the farming community are owned by the platform company and the remainder are allocated to the administrative village, after deduction of depreciation. (2) the government awards the natural village, which is financed by the bank.
In 2022, the “Governance Company” in which Wen’s shares were involved built 16 small farming areas, with an investment of $560 million in projects; and each year, 522 village-level collective organizations are responsible for the production of annual income super-businesses and “Governance Company” models for the development of small farming areas.
The iterative upgrading of the farming model has helped to boost the income of farmers and enhance the company’s total farm capacity. As the company’s farming model has been upgraded, on the one hand, the company’s co-operative farm returns have increased significantly, from 31,000 households/households in 2006-2022; and on the other hand, in 2023, the company’s more than 40,000 co-operative farmers together earned more than $10 billion.
As the economy and industry progress, the future model of corporate farming will continue to evolve to the model of “Corporate + Modern Industrial Park + Professional Farmers.” The model of “Corporate + Modern Industrial Park + Professional Farmers” refers to the joint development of companies that bring together the functions of livestock farming, processing, distribution, etc. to form an integrated chain of farming, slaughter – food processing – distribution, with an initial plan to produce 50 to 1 million pigs per year (or chickens) of high quality.
Planning is based on a scale of 60-10 million waterfowls and 30-50 million waterfowls. The productivity and efficiency of cooperative farming households are increasing, company management is becoming more sophisticated, efficient and regulated, and the overall turnover of the farm chain will be higher through continuous upgrading of production patterns, and the combined costs will be further reduced.
In addition, the company has been active and profitable in the processing of slaughters around areas where farming has an advantage. Since 2018, the company has deployed pig-breeding operations, extending the industrial chain, helping the company to smooth out the cycle of pigs and reap the profits of the chain.
The processing business has now formed a professional team and set up an independent meat-breeding unit at the group level. In the future, the company will gradually focus on the production of slaughter-processing projects at the Predominant Regional Bottles, which are located in the heart of the country, the central city distribution centre, in order to open up the industrial chain and expand the distribution channels.
In the list of model units for standardized demonstration projects (standardized slaughtering of pigs), two units of the company (Gang Suhuahua An Wenchen and Weng Hung Food Company, Jiangxie County) are on the list. In all cases, this represents a 50% increase. In late 23rd year, the first phase of the Yunnan Chuan Jingbao project was launched, with two state-of-the-art smart piglets in the country.
The slaughter line, 3 smart cut-off lines, 5 million tons of frozen pork freezer storage, which can produce 1 million pig-born annual slaughters and 300,000 white strips, marks the company ' s official entry into the southwest market. As of March 24, the company had four pig-slaughter projects, with a total annual slaughter capacity of about 4 million; and three other pig-slaughter projects, designed for a combined annual slaughter capacity.
(i) Industry: yellow chickens with low potential elasticity plus lower cost, high profitability; high up potential; 1. Parents with historically low elastic capacity plus pig prices are expected to be good; chicken prices are elastic.
According to the China Livestock Information Network data, on 24 March 24th 24th 24th of 24th of March 24th, the birth + reserve is estimated at 21,1579) thousand units, of which 1,269.06 thousand are in the maternity reserve, with capacity at the lowest level in 18 years, and 84,673 thousand are in the reserve and are in a state of historical low, which means that there is no significant incentive for the subsequent increase in the maternity reserve.
The yellow chicken supply continues to be low on a sustainable basis. By inferring that we compare the current stock levels of producing parents with the price of commodity-based chickens after eight weeks, we find that there is a negative correlation in part, and we also need to consider the impact of pig prices on the price of yellow chicken (for example, during the 22h2 period for pig prices).
For 2024, the prices of raw pigs followed the same downward trend, and for 2023, according to the Chinese Livestock Association, the prices of yellow chickens were driven by a combination of historical lows on the supply side, and we took into account the elasticity of the prices of the latter. 24q1 chickens were priced at the same rate as the previous one, and the cost was expected to drop down.
In comparison, 24q1 (the first 12 weeks) was sold at an average cost of $16.22/kg, an increase of 5.84 per cent (associated data) over the same period of 23 years. At the cost level, it was influenced by higher prices of raw materials such as upstream soybeans, maize, etc., with a slight drop in the cost of yellow chicken farming in 23 years.
At the beginning of the year, the shock of $16.25/kg was adjusted to $15.82/kg on 31 December, down by 0.43/kg. The yellow chicken commodity, which has lost its profits since mid-July 23, has remained largely profitable, with a profit of 0.15/kg per unit on 24 March 24. Taken together, considering that the price of yellow chickens is expected to increase upwards and reduce cost pressures, the yellow chickens’ profitability may be significantly increased.
2. The per capita consumption of poultry, the expected expansion of the yellow chicken consumption market, the impact of the new crown epidemic, the main consumption channels for poultry, fast foods, etc., have been significantly affected. In 22 years, the per capita consumption of poultry meat was 11.7 kg, down to 27.5 per cent, leaving much room for improvement.
With the steady growth of our economy and consumer preferences for low fat, high protein meat, the size of our market for yellow feather chicken has been or will be steadily expanded to 6.5 million tons in 2024, according to Frost Sullivan's projections. Our consumption of yellow feather chicken is dominated by household consumption and catering, and its procurement channels are diversified.
In addition, large supermarkets, nearby supermarkets, and online shopping have become important channels for the consumption of yellow chickens, and ice chickens have become the main species of chicken consumption.
In recent years, as electricity channels have continued to develop, the market for live poultry has been limited, consumers have increased their focus on food safety following the build-up of avian flu and the new crown epidemic, and supermarkets and ice chickens have become more consumer choices, leading to an accelerated shift in the consumption structure of our yellow pheasant chickens towards “ice freshness.” For a long time, we have had a low rate of processing and consumption of yellow pheasant chickens.
According to steel union data, sales of live poultry continued to be the dominant consumption pattern in 2023, with 81% and 13% of ice and fresh sales. Because of the small size of the hot chicken slaughter space in the market, sanitary conditions are limited, and bacteria are prone to be produced, which makes it easier to affect food security.
By the end of 2021, there were more than 138 cities throughout the country that had closed the market for live poultry. The impact of the new coronary disease has been compounded in recent years by the high priority given by the State Council and the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs to the development of food safety and cold-chain transport for fresh poultry operations, the full opening of the distribution and electricity lines on the line, and the accelerated transition to “central slaughtering, cold-chain transportation, and the placing of ice on the market” of the country's chicken industry.
By October 2020, 66 cities in the country will be “ice and fresh” on the market. According to steel union data, the size of our market for ice and yellow chicken is expected to reach 39.7 billion yuan in 2025, and the market space is wide.
Figure 54: Number of cities that closed the live poultry market nationwide, 2014-2021
Table 5: Policies to encourage the sale of yellow feather chickens from living to ice; (ii) yellow chickens remain high, industry is strong, corporate chickens remain high, and growth is expected to be 5-10% over 24 years. The company ' s chicken business is raised with yellow feather chickens.
In 2023, the company produced 1,180 million chickens, up from 22 years, exceeding 100 million and +9.16 per cent. Since 2020, the annual number of chickens has been high, at more than 1 billion/year. From 2022 to the present, the monthly number of chickens in the company has remained stable at more than 80 million for most of the time.
In 2023, corporate chickens accounted for 32.91% of the country ' s 3,595 million yellow chickens.
(iii) A significant reduction in farm costs, increased profitability, improved seedlings, improved farm-end production performance, and 23 years of micro-profit company chicken operations. At seedlings, companies continue to promote seed diseases, purification and weight selection, improved variety health and marketability, and significantly improved chicken seed quality.
In 22 years, the company has registered about 95% of the chickens and 95.3% of the 23q4 chickens, maintaining a high level of stability for the third year in a row, and the company’s poultry industry has achieved historically high levels of production performance. Thanks to improved productivity, the company’s revenue and profits have increased, with the company’s chicken business earning $35,582 million in 22 years.
The same year +17.32%; Māori year-on-year growth is between 70.98% and $4.665 billion.
Forage raw material prices go down, company feed formulations are being restructured, and the company’s chickens have gone out of the column for 23 years at a significant cost. The rise in raw material prices has a typical pass-through effect on the cost side of the poultry industry, adding the double effect of the new crown epidemic, and the company’s total cost of chicken farming has risen from about $12/kg in 2020h2 to about $14.50/kg in early 2023.
The negative impact of Ben’s formulation is that the company’s centralized management of formulations ensures the maximum use of superior raw materials, adjusts the feed formulation structure, reduces the use of traditional feed raw materials such as soybean and maize, and develops and implements key measures to reduce the meat ratio, including the optimization of feed nutrition levels, the upgrading of feed particle quality, and the protection of the health of the meat chicken intestinal tract, which has yielded significant results, with a significant decline in the meat ratio, which has dropped to 2.79 for 23 years.
The company initially set a full cost target of about $13.2-13.6/kg on a 24-year average basis, down further from 23 years. Since September 23, the prices of maize, beans and beans, the main raw material for feed, have been on an overall downward trend, which has resulted in a synchronized downswing in the prices of chicken feed.
At $3.49/kg on 17 April, future corporate cost-side stress relief will further boost profitability. Figure 65: Trends in the price of raw material for feed from 2020 to date ($/t) Figure 66: Average price trends for chicken feed from 2020 to date ($/kg)
In order to promote the upgrading of the chicken industry, the company has developed a “centralized + decentralized” small-scale farming training system for the centralized training of regional management companies at the headquarters of the poultry industry.
The company has steadily pushed the market for fresh and cut-off vegetables. The company is guided by the general principle of “volume-balance” and, in line with changing circumstances, operates as a business response, strengthening contract sales and sales linkages, maintaining and stabilizing the prices of chicken sales, and maximizing the benefits of doing business.
When the chicken market is booming, a contract for the sale of the chickens is signed, prices are set, the chickens are sold faster, and the money is quickly returned to the cage. When the price of the chicken market is low, pressure is diverted from the chicken sales channel through slaughtering and processing and selling in fresh products, to ensure that the chickens are stable, thereby increasing the overall benefits of the poultry industry, fur and fresh.
The company’s fresh chicken clients are now mainly wholesalers and agents, and the direct consumer share is smaller. The company’s fresh chicken sales have been rising steadily since 2019, from about 154 million chickens in 2023 to +267 per cent in 2023; the share of fresh food sales is 13 per cent, stable. In 2023, the company sold 14 million cooked foods. By the end of 2024, according to the company’s five-fifth plan, the average male was 15 million.
The yellow chicken will be sold at a “532” scale (i.e. 50 per cent in the form of chicken, 30 per cent in the form of fresh products, 20 per cent in the form of cooked food). Ten per cent of the year's output increases. On the price side, the yellow chicken industry as a whole has low production capacity, upscaling potential, and then we use two valuation methods for valuation analysis: the absolute valuation method (dcf) and the relative valuation method (the head market value).
1. Absolute valuation method: The company ' s reasonable market value range is $174.77-191.105 million. In terms of relative valuation, we use a step-by-step valuation method, whereby we split the company ' s pig-breeding and yellow chicken-breeding operations, respectively: (1) pig-breeding: selection of shares of listed enterprises based on pig-breeding operations, giant star farming, god-breeding groups, Tinkang Organisms, etc.
For reference, the average market value of each head is calculated by using the total market value of the company that was closed on 19 April 2024 and the expected 24-year production of pigs, with an average market value of approximately $4684 per head in 2024. The company is the second-largest-born pig in the business, and the cost of pig farming is the industry's share of the yellow chicken: the share of the listed firm Lihua, which is dominated by the yellow chicken industry, is taken as a reference.
Given that the non-linear market value of scale increases exponentially, we give the company two times the market value of its yellow chicken stock, and the market value of the company’s yellow chicken business is approximately $34 billion. Taken together, we expect the company’s fair market value to be $182.05 billion in 2024.
There is much room for potential, maintaining a “recommended” rating. The risk of price volatility is that the supply and demand relationship determines price changes, while the price rise and fall affects market supply, making prices cyclical.
The business’s “high-price entry, low-price exit” is likely to cause greater volatility in market supply levels. If prices are lower than expected, the profits of farm-based enterprises will be significantly affected.
As the internationalization of agricultural trade increases, the factors of price change for agricultural products become more complex, and price volatility increases. If companies fail to keep abreast of changes in feed raw materials and to manage and manage risks in a timely manner, they may face the risk of an animal epidemic in terms of the combined procurement costs: if an enterprise is exposed to the African swine plague, with the resulting loss of productive capacity, it will have a negative impact on performance;
In addition, if people like H7n9 “avian flu” are infected with the disease, causing fear of consumption, it will have a significant negative impact on pig prices, poultry prices, and seriously harm the profitability of farming enterprises. Natural disaster risks: extreme weather events (floods, heat, droughts, etc.) will affect biological assets, breeding sites, production equipment, etc.
At the same time, in the event of a natural disaster in the country’s main food-producing areas, prices of feed raw materials are likely to rise, leading to higher farm costs. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent manner and with a clear and accurate view of my research.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.