Winch shares (300498.sz) Food and beverage groups.
With shared culture at its core, the Department has developed over 40 years into a cross-regional cluster of modern agro-pastoral enterprises with livestock farming as their backbone and associated business.
Market value (RMB): 21.41 yuan per month, the country has a stock of 39,866 million pigs, and industry has outperformed it by April 2022, with 2022h2 pigs at an average monthly price of over 27 yuan per kilogram.
The price is $1228/head. This year, in the context of the industry’s downside costs, pigs may be worth less than 2022, but the price of pigs is probably more than $20/pound, and the profit is expected to be more than $700/head; the industry’s high indebtedness is covered.
The company has the following advantages as a leader in pig farming: 1. Aquaculture has performed well: the combined cost of cutting to 24m4 fell to $14.4 per kilogram, returning to the first line of the industry, and farming costs are expected to lead in the long run. 2. Aquaculture is excellent: the company is in China.
The combined revenue from the South China high-priced area is more than 65%, with companies leading the business on average selling pigs. 3. Light assets expand steadily: up to 24m4 can grow 15.7 million hogs, poultry farming: the leader is strong, deep-ploughing the entire industry chain.
1183 million feathers, an increase of 9.4% from the same year, are well ahead of the industry and are growing steadily from year to year.
At a low level, the company is expected to regenerate in the second half of the year with the return of the pig cycle. It is expected that in the second half of the year the pig chicken prices will go up, and the volume of the company’s farm production will grow steadily, adding up to the sum of 10,911,1266.1367 billion yuan, compared to the same amount.
Pig prices fall short of expectations; the price of raw materials fluctuates; the risk of animal disease and disease; the risk of debt swaps; the risk of scavenging more services; integrated modern agro-pastoral enterprises; and deep farming.
In 1983, Wen's shares were created as the core of the development and sharing culture of the “Corporate Plus Farming” model. Over 40 years of deep farming, they have grown into an inter-regional modern farming industry with livestock farming as the backbone of the business.
In addition, the company operates a chain of livestock production and production, which is accompanied by biological breeding, animal slaughter, food processing, the manufacture of modern agricultural equipment, veterinary medicine, the chaining of raw food and financial investment.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 9.37% in the same year, and a steady increase in the company’s revenue from the increase in output, against a background of the same decline in the price of pork. In terms of collection structure, the combined income from the company’s pig-breeding and chicken-breeding operations is 90% per year.
In the future, the company will continue to be dominated by the pig chicken industry. Figure 3: Corporate operating income, influenced by industry demand and supply, with higher volatility in corporate profits and trends in the Maori of livestock products due to price cycles
The company’s net interest rate fluctuated as a result of the existence of the company’s chicken business.
The level of net interest rates at the firm level is at the forefront of the industry, with relative decelerations. Chart 5: Pig farming operations have had the greatest impact on profits (millions of dollars).
The growth in the size of entrepreneurship, the steady rise in asset-liability ratios for companies, and the negative impact of higher asset-liability ratios on subsequent expansion and healthy development. Companies have achieved light asset expansion using the “company-farmer” model, with steady growth in their output, while asset-liability ratios are at lower industry levels: by 2020, the corporate asset-liability ratio remained at almost 40%.
Figure 6: Māori ratio of the company's main business
Figure 8: The net interest rate level of companies leads 1.2 by creating a shared culture supportive of development, and equity incentives to mobilize motivation and motivation of employees.
Incentives were awarded to up to 93 million restricted shares. The second round of equity incentives, introduced in 2019, awarded limited shares to 2,822 persons with incentives of up to 121 million shares. Following the company ' s termination of the second restricted stock incentive scheme in 2020, the company introduced the third restricted equity incentive scheme in 2021, which was intended to limit the number of incentive recipients to 37,741 persons.
In February 2023, the company issued an announcement introducing the fourth phase of the restrictive equity incentive scheme, which is designed to provide incentives to the company’s chief executives, to fully motivate its cadres and cadres at all levels, to attract and retain core talent, and to achieve an organic unification of the company’s interests, shareholders’ interests and the personal interests of its employees.
At the company level, the total amount attributed to the plan was 80 per cent of the total number of restricted shares, while the remaining unattributed shares were invalidated; during the corresponding period of attribution, the restricted shares attributed to the incentive target were excluded from the plan and invalidated.) On 29 March 2021, the company issued 9,297 million convertable corporate bonds to a specific target, totalling 9,297 million.
(b) The pig industry, for the first time in almost 10 years, experienced an annual average price lower than the average cost of the industry, 23 years in the context of a continuing loss.
The rate of degenerative pig production has accelerated throughout the year, particularly in the q4 sector, which is affected by the epidemic, with a single-month degenerative ratio of more than 1%. According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, 2401 pig production has been reduced for 16 consecutive months, the overall degenerative rate has reached about 11%, and in April 2022, it was higher than before.
According to data from the hog-capable log, the degenerative level of the production was greater than in 2022, and the supply gap decreased in the second half of the year compared to the second half of 2022. There was a seasonal shift in the demand for piglets, which usually showed a gradual improvement in the second half of the year, according to the past.
In the light of a ten-month delay in the price of a pig, the increase in the stock of a pig is related to a ten-month delay in the price of a pig, that is, the drop in the stock of a pig 10 months ago and the increase in the price of a pig. The continued decline in the stock of a pig since the beginning of the 23rd year predicts that this year the supply of a pig will be calculated only from the data of a ten-month delay in the price of a pig.
In April, the supply end began to fall short of last year’s, and the supply gap widened gradually in the second half of the year. In terms of prices, the average monthly price of a pig grew gradually in January-April this year, and the average price of a pig in April was already higher than last year’s average, and the price of a pig is expected to rise as the supply and demand of the pig grow.
The monthly supply of pigs is influenced by factors such as productivity, animal disease, seasonality, pacing, etc., and there may be some deviations in judging the monthly average price movement by merely using the magnificence of the hog's stock, which can be used as a guide to supply, which can give a general direction, and other factors that we cannot ignore.
In 2019, we lost 11.85% to 15.99% of the same number of pigs per year. The increase in productivity in the country is due to the optimal and excellent management of the disease.
The replacement of the Quality Pig and the increase in the fertility of the population, the increase in the level of vaccinations and the high quality of the industry between 2020 and 2022. The large replacement of the Quality Pig has been reflected in the growth of the Msy and, as of the beginning of 2023, the ratio of highly efficient binary pigs in the industry has returned to the same level as in previous years.
In 2023, the average annual price of a pig was 18.91 and a monthly average of 15.24.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
The Bureau's data show that 24q1 pigs outnumber 195 million, a decline of 2.23 per cent over the same year, and we've come to the conclusion that there is a decline in production efficiency on the same basis as in the quarterly data on hogs, which we believe is the impact of the 2304 northern disease on industrial productivity, while the 2304 disease may be more efficient in the production of q3 this year, and the supply gap may be greater than that of the q3.
In absolute terms, the drop in the supply of piglets is expected throughout the year, and although the effects of pig pressure, secondary fertility, etc., or short-term supply, the core factor affecting pig prices remains the supply-demand contradiction caused by productive capacity, which is significantly greater in the second half of the year than in the first half, with the birth price likely exceeding $20/kg.
Figure 14: The ratio of high-efficiency pigs to 22 years has generally returned to normal Figure 15: Marginal decrease in productivity improvement Chart 17: The expected 24-year low prices for pigs
Figure 16: Births of pigs per year show an inverse relationship with average prices ' Births per year (millions: left axis)  Averages per year (RM/kg)
2.2 Multi-path efficiency gains, farm costs are back in the forefront of the industry The company has been involved in pig farming since 1997 and, after years of experience in autonomous breeding and production management, farm size and farm costs have been in the forefront of the industry, with the outbreak of the African pigpest disease in 2018 causing a larger share of pig-breeding.
The company’s breeding system and production levels have also been affected. Prior to the African swine plague, the company’s farm-raising costs had long been in the forefront of the industry. Over the past few years, the company had been affected by the outsourcing of high-priced pigs, low capacity utilization, improved vaccination systems, and improved pig-planting efficiency.
Recovering, uplifting of livestock, improvement of disease management capacity and improvement of the farming process, and a trend decline in the cost of corporate farming, which has now returned to the first line of the industry.
Chart 19: Prior to the spread of the African pigpest in China, the company was able to take the lead in all of its breeding indicators by using excellent pig breeding systems and feeding management: the level of Pey, a pre-African pigpest company (number of single-headed piglets that could produce weaned pigs in the year)
In the past few years, companies have made efforts to optimize the structure of the sow, strengthen biosafety management, continuously optimize production targets, and continuously improve the cost of farming.
In April 2024, company psy levels recovered to 23, to 84% of togs, tolls on the market stabilized at about 92%, piglets cost 350 yuan per head, and several indicators were close to pre-African pigpest levels. By that time, they had fallen significantly below most of the comparable companies in the industry, with companies leading the profitable business.
There is still room for sustained optimization of production indicators, assuming that companies still have much room to dig if they are able to pay a dollar/kg, while other production indicators remain constant. With excellent breeding capacity, production indicators are expected to continue to optimize.
25 At 23, near pre-pest levels, companies are expected to grow well, and production efficiency is expected to increase further. The non-piggy pre-pest company, which uses the Dolock + binary mode of production, has increased the production rate of three hybrids, with non-pest-affected companies currently using a lower proportion of the dolock pig semen, as highly performing pig-planted semen are used.
The growth of the pig-planting system is dependent on a long-term system of scientific input and selection. The company has been growing pigs since 1998, established the Guangdong Wendow Pigs Technology Company Limited in 2012, established the Ministry of Pigs Industry in 2020 and established the Guangdong Mid-chill in 2021.
Seeding Industries Ltd., which is the first to build the country’s leading pig breeding system. The central core industry has seven specialized breeding companies, with more than 30 modern breeding bases and high-standard regional boar stations throughout the country.
According to the company’s historical operating cost data, feed costs account for about 60% of the cost of pig farming, and the increase in the cost of feed over the past few years has raised the central cost of livestock farming in the industry. To reduce the impact of the feed end on the cost of farming, the company is trying to reduce the impact of the feed end on the cost of farming.
Positively adjusting the feed cost formula to reduce the proportion of raw materials such as maize and soybean, and to reduce the cost of purchasing through centralized procurement. In addition, companies have reduced the meat ratio by optimizing their varieties, which has fallen to 2.59 by 2304 pigs, and as farm productivity increases and feed prices drops, companies are profitable.
2.3 Farming is excellent, benefiting fully from the rise in pig prices, which is influenced by factors such as distribution of production capacity, regional consumption capacity, cost of raw materials, etc. There is a fixed difference in prices between regions. From the data for 2018-2023, the north-east, north-west and north-west China are low-cost areas.
It's a high-priced area with South China, where the price of a pig is very weak. From Guangdong, the company's main farm production is located in the South China area. By the end of 2023, the company partnered to farm 42% of the South China region, 20% of the East China region, 16% of the South China region, 16% of the South-West region, mainly in areas with relatively higher prices for pigs.
More than 65%. From the average prices of pig sales since 2021, sales prices are higher than production capacity, mainly in the north. Chart 30: Corporate revenues are mainly concentrated in the light asset expansion of 2.4 “Corporates + Farmers” in East and South China, with long-term growth prospects.
Since 1997, the company has been involved in pig farming, growing rapidly with the light asset model of “company + farm households”, and the public sector has grown from 6.56 million in 2011 to 2.223 million in 2018, with much longer-term growth space for cagr.
The company, as the first leader in the industry to start farming as a “corporate + farm”, has continued to optimize its model over the past decades, and has gradually upgraded its model as a “corporate + family farm” and “company + farm” that has contributed positively to the building of current intergenerational capacity to improve the disease prevention and production efficiency of farming.
Farmers provide services such as hog seedlings, fodder, veterinary medicine, technical guidance, and, when they receive pig seedlings, they produce them and then give them to the company for sale, the company for the profits of the farm business and a certain amount of surcharge to the farmer. Companies provide advantages in breeding, technology development, feed technology, and farm households provide resources such as land, fixed assets, labour, etc.
The model, as the cornerstone of corporate development, has undergone long-term development tests and management models, and has brought together a large number of long-term cooperative, high-quality farmers, who have been effectively raised in terms of size, income levels, and productivity.
The company’s share of costs in terms of feed raw materials, medicines, and vaccines, and salaries for employees is not significant compared to the subsistence model. The main differences are depreciation, commissioning costs, and other costs.
In addition, the company actively explores the “company + farm area” model, which is responsible for building the infrastructure of small farming areas through the company's activities.
Investment/farmer investment/local government investment in the three ways in which farms are built in partnership with farmers and are actively involved in building the upstream feed-down and downstream slaughter-processing chains.
The model reached 2,000. In 2023, the company promoted the co-construction model of the “Secret Business Villages” and participated in the piloting of the “Secret Business Villages” project, which led to the orderly advancement of 16 cooperative projects, with a net increase of 4.14 million square metres in meat and pork farming, with an estimated 5.5 million head of meat and chicken farming, with 3.1 million square metres of meat and about 120 million chickens per year.
By 2022, the size of the households had reached 1141 pigs, exceeding the level of 2018, and as of the beginning, the level of corporate concentration has continued to increase with the gradual introduction of farming areas.
Figure 37: Growing scale of corporate pig-breeding households has continued to grow. As mentioned earlier, there is a large difference between self-sufficiency and the “company-plus-farmer” model in fixed-asset inputs, and “company-plus-farmer” has the advantage of reducing fixed-asset investment in fertilizer farms.
For example, the single-head investment in pig-breeding farms is around $1,200 per head, while the investment in integrated farming projects is close to $2,000 per head. The company’s small-scale farm project has fixed-asset investment in water at about $800 per head.
Lower than comparable companies. From the company's fixed assets/pig-born output, the company's head is short of fixed assets, the production capacity of fixed assets in 2015 has reached 46 million, the productive capacity of the fertilizer farm has reached 35 million, and the company's future modest assets will expand in the form of a “public + farmers” model, and the company will be able to increase the stock of pigs or decide on their future appearance.
Figure 39: Fixed assets of comparable corporate heads (megagrams/heads) Figure 40: Trends in productive bioassets III. Poultry farming: yellow roosters, improved industrial chains for development
3.1 Production capacity continues to decline, and the next half of the year is expected to bring the pig chickens together. Our yellow chickens have continued to fall since 2019, mainly as a result of an increase in production capacity driven by the rise in pig prices. In 2023, our yellow chickens came out with 3,595 million feathers, a decline of 4.03 per cent since 2013.
At the end of April 2024, we had 12,982 units in the yellow chicken-producing parent reserve, which was at its lowest level since 2018.
The supply of yellow roosters has remained low since then. Figure 43: Quantities of yellow pheasant parents (million sets) Figure 44: Quantities of yellow pheasant commodities sold for chicken seedlings (millions of feathers)
Yellow feather chickens are closer to pork in the consumption scene and distribution channels, and the sharp rise in the price of raw chickens, as seen in the historical price of double-counted yellow feather chickens, is a significant boost to the price of yellow chickens. Given the pre-low and post-low prices of pig pigs in the second half of 2024, the supply of yellow feathers is at an all-time low for the second half of the year, and we see the resilience of the price of yellow feather chickens in the second half of the year.
Figure 45: The trend in yellow feather chicken prices is linked to the higher trend in pig prices by 3.2 yellow feather chicken-raising taps and the positive development of downstream terminals. The company achieved 1,183 million chickens in 2023, an increase of 9.4 per cent from the previous year, which is expected to be the highest in the industry.
The company’s chicken-breeding sub-company, which is based on geographical advantages, provides demand potential for end-products, although there are some fluctuations in the yellow rooster’s profitability, which has historically been profitable for all. Through the long-term breeding and feeding of chickens, the company continues to optimize its productivity, with company meat as of April 24th year.
The total cost of chicken farming has fallen to $12.2 per kilogram, while the meat ratio has fallen to 2.63 and is at a historically high level, with a long-term marketing rate of more than 95%. As the cost of feed raw material has fallen, the company ' s meat production costs have been expected to improve further, and the company ' s elasticity can be sustained.
Figure 48: Yellow feather chicken costs and profitability Chart 49: Feed costs are expected to go down ($/kg)
Fresh products, built around "Win's Favourite" foods, are now mainly sold through b-end customers, and the follow-up company will actively expand the c-end by expanding the profit margin through electricity, retail, etc. The sales of fresh chickens by companies have continued to rise since 2019, and in 2023 the sales of poultry products through chickens, fresh chickens, and food products accounted for 84.57%, respectively.
Figure 50: Some of the company's fresh/cooked food products The company's pig-breeding business is productive, and based on the company's existing stock levels and the company's medium- and long-term plan, we expect the company to produce 3150, 3623 and 41.6 million pigs in 2024-2026, respectively.
And the disease in the north at the end of the year, which has led to the degeneration of the industry beyond market expectations, the future prices and profitability of the industry are expected to continue to increase, the pig system is gradually being repaired, the efficiency of farming continues to increase, feed costs are being rolled back, and the company, as the pheasant leader, is expected to grow steadily over a long period of time.
The yellow chicken industry has continued to degenerate since 2018, and is expected to reverse in the second half of the month of 24th month, when the prices of the yellow chicken will be 14.2, 13.8 and 13.6 kilograms, respectively. The company’s yellow pheasant efficiency industry is expected to lead.
The cost of the company ' s yellow feather chicken production is estimated to be 12.3, 12.2, 12.1 kg in 24-26 years. Our other business consists of veterinary medicine, other farming, meat processing, financial investment, etc. We assume that the animal has a two-wheel drive in the pig chicken production business, and we give the company a value of 28 xpe in 2024, based on comparable company valuation tables.
The price of raw materials fluctuates: feed costs account for a larger share of farm costs, and if the cost of feed rises significantly, the company is profitable. Animal disease risks: animal disease disrupts the original farming cycle and has a greater impact on the company’s profitability.
Transferability risk: the company has a continuing liquidity risk and there is a transfer risk.