Benefits from tax-exempt policies, waiting for release of performance In-depth studies/team tourism Middle- and high-income groups + in-country visitors + policy guidance, further opening of duty-free industrial space
According to McKenzie, tax-free shops are the preferred way for our wealthy groups to buy luxury goods in the country, but tax-free shops account for only 5% of luxury purchases, with a high level of room for improvement. With the rapid growth of middle- and high-income groups, a steady increase in the flow of passengers and a strong demand for luxury goods, our policy is a positive guide.
Foreign consumption returns, and the space for tax-free industries is opened up further. State policy determines the monopolistic pattern of our tax-exempt industries, and the company exempt, as the only company authorized by the State Council to operate tax-exempt operations throughout the country, will benefit directly from policy benefits.
The exemption is the company's main highlight and will benefit directly from the liberalization of Hainan province's policies and an increase in the number of visitors. The South China Plan focuses on shopping tourism, which we expect to be an important part of shopping tourism.
The Unit is expected to further liberalize its tax-exempt policy in comparison with its 300-degree approach. The Sanya Sea Bay “National Coast” resort is a priority construction project in Hainan, and the surrounding infrastructure will be further improved and the passenger flow base of the San Asia International Free City will be consolidated.
The long-line logic: due to the policy monopoly advantage of the industry, middle- and middle-sized companies will maximize the benefits of rapid growth in the industry, with the widening of the channels leading to a sustained increase in income on the one hand, and the expansion of the size of the sector, on the other.
Increased bargaining power, lower costs, and higher rates of Maori in order to release performance. Increased concentration is expected, and companies are expected to sail again. The number of trips out of the country has increased rapidly in recent years, reaching 305 million in 2016.
Wen, who benefits directly from visa-friendly policies, will optimise the exit environment with the liberalization of visa landing policies. The concentration of the expatriation industry is currently low, with a mere 10.6% share of the cities of CBS and Caesar, and is expected to increase as consumption rises and consumer brand awareness increases.
The advantages and channel advantages are clear, the brand value has been high for years, and the market share is expected to be harvested in the future. As the overall tourism environment in Sanya has improved and visitors have increased, the tax-exempt operations in Sanya have developed over the long term (s0101607069)
In addition, the Capital Airport tender and the offshore tax-exempt business will open up new opportunities for companies to grow. We appreciate the company’s brand advantage, its channel advantage, its core competitiveness in tax-exempt business, and its contribution to future performance by combining restructuring and co-benefits, which we consider to be of long-term value to the company.
The Investment Strategy Report 2018 for the Catering and Tourism Industry, which maintains a “strongly recommended” rating of 42 x, 34 x, 28 x. The risk of changes in tax-exempt industry policies, the project has not advanced as expected and cooperation with Japan (Shanghai) has fallen short of expectations.
Review: Performance growth is slightly lower than expected, tax-free business I. Focus on three major industries, leading the tourism industry China travel is approved by the State Council and the State Finance Committee of the State Council, and is carried out by China National Tourism Group Ltd. and the Hong Kong-China Corporation
It was co-sponsored by the United States Travel Group, which holds 55.3% of the shares and actually controls the State Finance Committee of the State Council. The company holding shareholders’ State Travel Group, which is supervised by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, was merged in 2004 between the General Service of China International Travel Agency (CITA) and the General Company of the China Tax Free Group (CIAT), the only one in the country to be tax-exempted in terms of tourism and tax-exempt.
Focus on three main industries, with a clear division of labour among affiliates. Currently, the company is mainly involved in travel agency operations, tax-free operations, tourism complexes, and investment development projects.
Businesses such as utilities, air services, e-commerce, tax-free operations include mainly wholesale retailing of duty-free goods such as tobacco, alcohol, perfume, etc. Integrated tourism project development operations include, inter alia, investment liberalization in integrated tourism projects, destination development and tourism: company focus on three main sectors, with a clear division of labour among affiliates
In recent years, the share of merchandise trade has been increasing, and tourism services have been declining, mainly because of increased competition for tourism services, and the growing demand for duty-free goods. The Division contributed nearly 96% of net profits, with a significant profit margin.
Māori rates are much higher than tourism services, with 46.59% for duty-free goods and 8.92% for tourism services as a whole. Between 2009 and 2016, Māori rates for corporate tourism services continued to decline, while Māori rates for duty-free goods continued to rise.
Tax-exempt operations: policy gains + channel expansion, with performance to be released (i) high industrial policy barriers determine high monopolistic patterns1 and duty-free commodities have price advantages
The duty-free sector refers to the tourism service that provides duty-free services for the sale of goods to incoming and outgoing passengers in specific locations such as ports, means of transport, and within the city. Tax-free goods are reduced by value-added taxes and consumer taxes levied on import duties and import links. Prices are 10-45% lower than normal retail prices in the country and have a price advantage.
By channel, it can be broken down into nine types of tax-free shops. If by business model, China’s tax-free business is divided into three main types: one is a port and an intra-city tax-free shop, the most common is an off-island duty-free shop.
Limited, restricted, restricted and restricted types of duty-free shopping for passengers include departures. Such duty-free shops are currently established only in four regions: Hainan Island, China; Okinawa Island, Japan; Jeju Island, Korea; and Taiwan Extremist Island: three are tax-free foreign exchange malls, which are special forms of duty-free purchases and exist only in individual countries such as China and the Philippines.
The country's tax-exempt sector is highly policy-oriented and has been licensed by the state. According to the 2000 Regulation on the Further Strengthening of the Centralized Management of Tax-exempt Operations, “The State”
In 2005, the General Customs Administration defined a duty-free business unit as “an enterprise that is qualified to operate a duty-free business with the approval of the State Council or its authorized department” in the Customs Regulations of the People's Republic of China on the regulation of duty-free shops and duty-free goods.
There are currently seven companies with tax-exempt operator licences, the only company authorized by the State Council to operate duty-free throughout the country, the other six of which are regional tax-exempt operators.
In the context of competition patterns in the country, 51% of the shareholdings (China) on the purchase day in mid-March 2017, and up to 55% on the market after the market day, form an absolute monopoly on the industry, followed by Japan (Shanghai), 23% on the market, and only a single-digit share on the other firms.
(ii) There is still significant scope for increasing global consumption of luxury goods, with 84 per cent of domestic consumers buying internationally branded products. Consumers are now buying internationally.
With higher and more personalized quality demands, the global luxury market is expected to grow at a rate of 5-6% in the future. From purchasing channels, only 8% of the world ' s luxury goods were purchased online in 2016, with sales of about $170 billion, which is still the main channel under the line. Only 9% of our luxury goods are consumed online, with sales of about $60 billion and 84% of domestic consumers.
Tax-free shops are an important channel for buying luxury goods from high- and middle-income groups. According to McKinsey, the preferred channel for buying luxury goods in the country for the wealthiest groups is real shops, with a low percentage of Internet purchases and sub-purchases, which are due to quality assurance and quality assurance.
According to the Institute of Wealth Quality, the consumer groups that earn less than $50 million a year are more likely to buy luxury goods in tax-free shops than in offshore shops because of their low exit opportunities and high price sensitivity. In general, tax-free shops are the second largest source of luxury goods for our middle- and high-income groups.
The country’s tax-free sector is growing rapidly, thanks to an increase in the purchasing power of luxury goods, which is relatively low in the domestic market, and has huge scope for upgrading. According to domestic luxury purchases, currently nearly 80% of consumers are buying mostly overseas, around 10% are buying luxury goods, and only about 5% of consumers are choosing to exempt themselves from the domestic market.
Tax shops buy luxury goods. There is considerable room for improvement in the country’s tax-free channels for luxury consumption. (iii) Industry drivers: high- and middle-income groups + inbound tourists + policy guides rapid growth in the size of high- and middle-income groups and strong demand for luxury goods. High- and middle-income groups are the main consumers of luxury goods.
According to the McKinsey Institute, the number of households in the upper middle and wealthier strata of the country (i.e., households with a monthly income of more than $17,000) has increased from a year to a total of 210 million. Consumer confidence will continue to grow, free spending will increase, consumers will tend to buy higher brands, benefit from the momentum of rising consumption, and high-end products will grow faster than the general population and value-type products.
In recent years, the number of tourist arrivals abroad has increased, with 1,498 million overseas visitors in 2016, together with our active efforts to channel high-end consumption back from abroad, contributing to the rapid growth of our tax-free operations. According to the Ministry of Commerce, the rate of increase was 33% for 2016 billion yuan and the rate of increase in 2016 for our tax-free purchases was 1.85 million and the rate of increase was 12%.
In the first half of 2016, the Ministry of Finance, in conjunction with the Ministry of Commerce, the National Tourism Authority, and others, introduced the Interim Measures for the Administration of Border Entry Tax Free Shops, which included 13 airports in Guangzhou, Hongzhou, Shawshan and Chengdu, and six water access points in Shenzhen Fukuda.
Bids were tendered for exemption from the combined winning days of the capital airport, the Joohai tax-free group for the Tianjin coastal airport, and the deep-seated group for the Shenzhen and Xian airports.The Circular on Adjustment of the Consumption Tax on the Importing Chain of Cosmetics provides for a levy on the consumption of cosmetics.
For example, adjustment to “high-end cosmetics” and reduction of the tax rate by 30 per cent to 15 per cent. (iv) Free companies: widening channels, enhanced upstream bargaining power, pending release of performance 1, long-line logic: expansion of scale, enhanced upstream bargaining power, Māori uplifting
Some of these duty-free stores are located further away from the distribution centre, and for reasons such as transportation costs, the suppliers send them directly to these duty-free stores, which are then exempted.
Tax-free shops under the system are sold to passengers who leave or leave the island.
Over 200 duty-free shops of the nine largest types in the city, on board, at borders, outside ship supply, passenger terminals, railway stations, diplomats, cruise ships and the largest single-country retail outlets in the world, have developed into one of the largest duty-free commercial complexes in the world and have set up the only free logistics delivery system in the country.
Long-line logic of performance-free growth: due to the policy monopoly advantage of the industry, middle- and middle-sized companies will maximize the benefits of rapid growth in the industry, with the widening of the channels leading, on the one hand, to a sustained increase in revenues, and, on the other hand, to an increase in size, an increase in bargaining power over upstream suppliers, a decrease in costs and an increase in the Māori rate, thereby releasing performance.
Business dufry found that the rate remained above 58% for dufry, 46% for corporate tax-exempts, and that the Mäori rate for public tax-exempts has been increasing in recent years, and the gap between corporate Mäori rates and international leading companies has been narrowing. We believe that the public authorities’ access to tax-exempt operations is largely derived from off-island duty-free shops and airport duty-free shops.
2. Exemption from duty on the island: Hainan Province policy benefits + a significant increase in passenger traffic (1) Good policy: The scope and content of Hainan Province ' s off-island policy is expected to widen the size of the off-island duty-free shopping and market space. In 2016, Sanya hosted 16.7 million stay-over visitors in the country.
In contrast, the number of shopping in the Sea Shore Free Shopping Center is 970,000, and the penetration rate is only 6%. On the other hand, this ratio suggests that the number of passengers actually involved in shopping is relatively small, and consumer enthusiasm and abilities have not been fully released. We believe that policies such as shopping limits have curbed the demand of some passengers, as future policies are gradually adjusted, and tourist shopping rings have not yet been fully released.
The implementation of the exemption policy is a major breakthrough for China’s tax-exempt industry. The exemption policy has been in force since 20 April 2011 in Hainan, and has been in progress to date.
Four adjustments have been made to remove the restrictions on the number of purchases by non-island residents, increasing the cumulative tax-free purchases per person per year to no more than RMB 16,000 per year, and to include passengers who leave the island by rail. The 2016 government report also noted that low tariffs on imports of consumer goods should be reduced, additional duty-free shops should be created to provide greater consumption options for domestic consumption and as much as possible eliminated.
At present, four adjustments have been made to the tax-exempt policy in Hainan Island, each of which leads to tax-free sales. According to the Hainan Master Plan (2015-2030), it is planned that by 2020 the international tourist island will be largely established, with a strong effort to develop 12 categories of industry, including the tourism industry, with a focus on maritime tourism, medical tourism, shopping tourism, and exhibition tourism.
China Province’s determination to speed up tourism development is expected to accelerate the construction of an international tourist island, and the country’s tourism industry is expected to start a new round of rapid growth. We anticipate that the tax-free industry, as an important part of shopping tourism, is expected to further liberalize the tax-exit policy, which, on the one hand, is limited in amount and in number, while Okinawa, Japan, has no limit on the number of days it buys.
In Won, Jeju Island, Korea, there are no monetary and number limits, and there are relatively few types, and therefore there is no advantage over the tax exemption from the surrounding off-island, and the liberalization of the off-island exemption policy is consistent with the country’s trend to steer consumption back. (2) China’s tourist population is growing rapidly, and the Sanya Sea Bay Leisure Resort has led to tax exemption from the off-island.
Henan Province has now opened 56 international routes to Hainan, covering countries such as Russia, Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Germany, and Hong Kong and Macao. The continued encryption of the "Air Wireway" has greatly enhanced the accessibility of international tourists, effectively safeguarding the sustainable growth of our tourist arrivals.
Hong Kong, South-East Asia, Japan, Russia, and Australasia are among the top five major entry markets. In 2017, the Hainan Province exceeded its mandate by 67,451,000 visitors, an increase of 12% compared to the previous year, bringing total tourism revenue to $81,199 million, an increase of 20.8% compared to the previous year.
The target of 10,000 visitors a year, with an increase of 49.5 per cent over the year, and a foreign exchange gain of $681 million, or 94.6 per cent over the year.
In August 2015, the Sanya Sea Bay Free Mall was upgraded to Sanya International Free City, which is adjacent to the East Line, two major transport hubs, the high-speed and the East Line Railway, only 30 minutes away from Sanya City.
In total, nearly 300 internationally recognized brands have been introduced. More than a dozen of these brands, such as Prada, George Amaney, and Rolex, have entered duty-free markets on mainland China for the first time.
The world’s leading and leading Asian city-based tax-free shop represents the highest level of power and operation of China’s current tax-free industry. Since its inception, Sanya duty-free shop has been widely praised for its high-end shopping environment, rapid logistics delivery, strong cargo security, high-quality marketing services, and has supported industrial development in Sanya and even Hainan Province, and has partially satisfied the tax-free status of the country’s people.
The demand for goods left part of the consumption of high-end commodities within the country, with significant internal demand-driven effects.
1. The size of the domestic tourism market has continued to grow, showing five major trends: the global economic recovery has been slow, the Chinese economy has entered a new normal, and tourism has become an important engine and consumer hotspot for China’s gdp. The tourism economy will grow steadily during the 13th and 5th years, with an average annual increase of about 10% in the number of urban and rural residents travelling, and a total tourism revenue.
By 2020, tourism markets will have grown to a total of 6.7 billion yuan, tourism investment to a total of 2 trillion yuan, and tourism to a total of 7 trillion yuan. As Internet development and consumer demand have increased, China’s tourism consumption market is currently showing five major trends: one is the market.
The diversification of the tourism experience, the diversification of tourism, the value of tourism shopping, the commercialization of shopping channels, and the automation of product design. Tourism enterprises will innovate around “customers, products, resources”.2 Excursions become popular forms of tourism and are expected to expand in size.
The number of tourists leaving the country has also increased rapidly in recent years. In 2016, the number of tourists leaving the country reached 305 million, an increase of 17 per cent over the previous year, and has been growing at a high rate in recent years.
According to China’s current tourism industry, travel abroad is already a very popular form of tourism. Some of the country’s middle classes, with high incomes and mortgage-free pressure, are more likely to opt for outbound tourism in order to meet different self-development needs.
Through different countries, knowledge of different ways of life, cultural backgrounds, religious culture, art, etc., there are many messages from abroad that help residents to develop themselves better and more comprehensively. According to Rigorous Travel, the share of travels outside the country is nearly half, followed by around-the-border and domestic trips.
According to the National Tourist Board, the country ' s exit penetration rate in 2016 was 9.77%, well below Hong Kong ' s 127% and Taiwan ' s 50.5%. The total cost of exit tourism in 2016 was $10.98 billion, an increase of 5.07% over the same year. With rising consumption and the growth of the middle class, the outlook for the exit tourism market is promising in the long run, and the market is expected to rise by over $3 trillion by 2020.
3. Market concentration continues to rise, first-line companies harvest market shares, and our exit trips continue to warm up, benefiting directly from visa benefits. Countries compete for Chinese tourists, visa policies are further relaxed. As of the first half of 2017, 61 countries and territories had either signed or signed off, 9 of them with one-on-one passports.
With visas, 15 countries and territories unilaterally granting Chinese citizens exemption, 37 countries and territories unilaterally allowing Chinese citizens to sign and sign, China’s travel and exit environment has been significantly optimized. Our policy on emigration and tourism has evolved through a “policy vacuum – moderate development – orderly development of exit and travel.”
In August 2014, the State Council ' s Opinions on Promoting the Development of Tourism Reforms were published, proposing to promote regional tourism integration, further deepen joint foreign investment cooperation, support conditional tourism enterprises to “go out” and expand international markets.
According to the report “Globalizing Developments in the Context of Travel from and to China”, published jointly by the Globalisation think tank (ccg) and the couriers, the preferred destination for travel by residents of mainland China remains a port of cultural proximity and easy entry and exit.
Throughout 2016, Hong Kong, Australia, and Taiwan hosted 42.78 million mainland tourists, 2.045 million and 3.51 million, respectively, and hosted more than 70% of the total number of tourists leaving China. Thailand, South Korea, and Japan are ranked in three rows of countries that have left the country, and tourist heat is expected to rise rapidly as “one-way” construction continues.
Investment targets have been developed from old real estate resources, such as hotels, resorts, etc., into now broader, fragmented resources, such as accommodation, self-drives, catering, and linking resources with high-tech tools and technologies.
In March of this year, a number of expatriation destination services were financed, amounting to more than RMB 1.6 billion.
In 2016, the country’s travel agency is expected to earn $20,372.6 billion, of which $9,243 million, or 9.67 per cent, from travel abroad, and 9.67 per cent from travel abroad.
With $6.685 billion in Māori and 5.9 per cent in Māori, and with 14.11 per cent in Māori and 10.6 per cent in Māori, it is expected that competition patterns in the domestic market will be more concentrated, with market penetration and profitability on the front line of the firm being more likely to increase.
(ii) There is a clear competitive advantage in looking forward to re-launching the tourism service, which is the responsibility of the company’s national hotel. The national hotel was established in 1954 as the first travel agency to obtain a national licence to operate travel abroad. The “China travel” under the banner is a well-known tourist brand, and the national hotel is consolidating its development.
In-country travel, out-of-country tours and business fairs are actively promoted, and branding systems are developed, including “national travel, cits”, “global travel”, “national holiday”, “from-country”, “national tour awards” and “international travel online.” For out-of-country and in-country tourism operations, the General House of the Hostels, after developing conventional tourism and specialty products, sets sales prices
In the case of in-country tourism operations, the National Hotel, acting as a wholesaler for overseas tourism, combines tourism elements, such as hotels, attractions, restaurants, transportation, etc., with the needs of its customers.
Goods, in cooperation with overseas tour wholesalers, are supplied through tour wholesalers to tourism agents and then sold to overseas tourists; or products are supplied directly to overseas tourism agents, which sells directly to overseas tourists some of the overseas tourists.
The company’s tourism services include out-of-country, in-country, in-country, in-bound travel, ticketing agents, offshore visas, and other services, with earnings from out-of-country tourism continuing to grow, contributing about 30% of the total income in 2016, accounting for 53% of the income from tourism operations. The overall income from tourism services has not increased at a very rapid rate, reaching only 2.6% in 2016, mainly an out-of-country and a declining rate of entry.
Figure 29: Size of tourism operations
(1) The company has the highest brand value in the industry. According to a list published by the World Brand Laboratories, the company has the highest brand value in the industry at $44.985 billion. This is the country's 13th consecutive year of brand value.
The brand value of the BN's is growing year by year, with a brand value of $44.98 billion exceeding the current total market value of $44 billion in 2016, branding (2) domestic, global-based network resources.
The capital city, 34 municipalities have 42 fully-funded, controlled and participating subsidiaries, and more than 1,200 municipal points, creating a domestic, global and visible physical network resource advantage, which is also the foundation for the development of tourism o2o by the National Hotel, and four, profit forecasting and investment proposals.
Greater growth has benefited from rapid growth in the industry, with growing channels for middle- and middle-sized companies generating sustained increases in income, and increased bargaining power over upstream suppliers, lower costs, and higher Maori rates, thus releasing performance. The company’s tax-exempt performance grew mainly from duty-free off-island and airport duty-free operations.
In addition, the capital airport bidding and offshore tax-free operations will open up new opportunities for companies to grow. We appreciate the company’s branding advantages, channel advantages, the core competitive power of tax-exempt operations, and the contribution of merger restructuring and synergies to future performance, and we believe that the company has long-term configuration value.
Risks of change in duty-free industrial policies have not advanced as expected, and cooperation with Japan (Shanghai) has fallen short of expectations. The company’s financial statement forecasts are summarized in Chen Baidu, a Master’s degree in technical economics from the Beijing Transport University, and in 2012 the Allied Democratic Stock Institute, which conducts research in light labour, catering tourism, and listed companies.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.