The 2020 report points out that the asset-end performance, the quality of the agents’ workforce, has grown at a good rate of gross premiums, and the silver premium has grown at a fast rate. The company’s premium income rose at a very high rate in 2020, with the company’s premium-earning industry rising by two to four places.
In terms of the product industry, the health insurance premium fell for the second year in a row, as a result of the 2020 epidemic, and the health insurance sales increased in the first half of the year. In terms of the channel operating premium structure, the company achieved a risk stream, silver, in 2020.
For the second year in a row, the size of the silver insurance channel continued to grow at a high rate, pushing companies to do more, and the Xinhua Insurance Agency paid more than 75 per cent of the first annual premium for long-term insurance, up by 16.26 percentage points from 2019.
By the end of 2020, the number of people in the company’s risk-marketing sector had reached 606,000, or +19.5%, an increase of 99,000, and the number of agents continued to rise to record levels;
The average monthly eligible manpower of 128,000 people was 0.5 million less than the same year; the average monthly eligibility rate for each insurance channel was 23.8 per cent against the average monthly rate of increase in the size of the workforce, the average monthly qualified manpower, and the first year ' s premium, representing a decline of 9.2 percentage points compared to the same figure. The average monthly output per capita was $2617, compared with 22.7 per cent.
At the end of 2020, the size of investment assets was $965.65 billion, compared to the same point. At the opportunity offered by the equity market, the overall return on investment and the net return on investment of the company were different.
Newly high, with a significant positive contribution to profits, and a bright performance. Investment proposal: With firm corporate push for a two-wheel drive, full-scale value development of asset liabilities, the future development landscape is centred on life insurance, underpinned by wealth management and a well-being industry, while also integrating science and technology empowerment into the corporate development war.
Lei Yun-Yun-yun, who has gradually built a mature “one-wing plus technologically empowered” to help achieve the company's “two-way” development goals, has not been at a lower level, and has for the first time covered the “buy-in” rating.
i. The sale of silver insurance channels has contributed to a positive increase in the cost of new insurance policies (i) the rate of increase in total insurance premiums has been good, the rate of increase in premium payments has been rapid, the rate of increase in premium revenues has been high since the market, and the effect of scale has been felt, and the company premium revenue industry has risen by two to four places,
The market position has been further strengthened. The company’s revenue from the new insurance policy for the long term has increased rapidly, contributing significantly to the same increase in the company’s premiums, with the first annual premium for the long-term insurance in 2020 amounting to $39,022 million, or +53.7 per cent, and the health insurance premium for the continuing industry, which has been decreasing continuously at the same rate.
Income from traditional insurance, accident insurance, all-embracing insurance is $60,381 million, $60.39 million, $36,909 million, insurance premiums are down for two years in a row, and premiums from traditional insurance are up for two years in a row, compared to the red premium. The first annual premium from the long-term insurance premium from the top three major products of the company is up for two years.
The same rate of increase was evident: +174.5%, 11.07%, +48.45%, and the first-year premium on three major types of products was significantly affected by the increase in the sale of health insurance, which was more difficult to expand. Silver insurance channels increased strongly.
With revenues of $117,399 million, $39,729 million, $2,383 million, +8.25 per cent, +45.60 per cent, -0.5 per cent respectively, the size of the company ' s silver insurance channel operations has continued to grow for the second year in a row since its re-opening in the fourth quarter of 2019.
The first annual premium for the long-term insurance was $23.27 billion, or +125.89 per cent, of which the first-year premium for the long-term insurance was higher than the first-year premium in excess of the channel, mainly due to strong growth in the premium contribution, resulting in a larger increase in the size of the company ' s premiums throughout the year (ii) a strong increase in the size of the proxy workforce and an improvement in the quality of the workforce
By the end of 2020, the number of people at the company ' s risk-marketing level had reached 606,000, an increase of 99,000 by +19.5 per cent over the same year, and the number of agents continued to grow at an all-time high; an average of 128,000 people were eligible per month, a decrease of 0.5 million by the same year; and the average monthly rate of eligibility for the risk channel against the backdrop of growth in the size of the workforce, a small decline in the average monthly eligible manpower and a similar annual premium increase.
23.8 per cent, or 9.2 percentage points in the same year, and an average monthly output per capita of $2617, or 22.7 per cent, show a marked downward trend. The rapid growth in the size of the company’s pool of risk-orientated agents has yet to be accompanied by an upgrading of the overall quality, production capacity and qualified personnel, which has yet to be accompanied by simultaneous growth, a high-quality workforce of agents and effective development.
(iii) Quality of operations stable II. Assets end makes a significant positive contribution to the company’s performance Expanding the size of investment assets and the overall return on investment performance.
The Division increased the share of equity assets and increased investment in equities, funds, and the share of these assets in investment assets was three, and the value of the new business assets declined, with a steady increase in the value of the new business values. The first year of insurance coverage had a significant impact on the company ' s contribution to the company ' s first year ' s premium, resulting in the company ' s contribution to the company ' s first year ' s premium.
In percentage points, since July 2020, companies have introduced high-value “Governance” products, focusing on value growth, which has led to an increase in the value of new businesses over the first half of the year; the value of new businesses is $9,182 million, or 6.1 per cent, of which one insurance channel, Silver Insurance, contributes $8.84 billion, and the economic-experience bias has made a significant positive contribution for the second consecutive year.
For the first time, the “buy-in” rating is covered. No, with firm corporate push for a two-wheel drive of asset and liability, full scale value development.
To develop a life risk-based approach that underpins wealth management and well-being, while also integrating technology empowerment into corporate development strategies, building up a mature “one-wing plus technology-enabling” to help achieve corporate “second-time” development goals. We sell new orders less than expected; new business values grow less than expected; long-end interest rates do not go as fast as expected; capital market volatility increases.
The securities investment advisory business is the activity in which the institution and its consultants obtain the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investment and direct or indirect charges for services.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.