Resource and Environmental Research Center High degree of innovation from overseas + speed of roll-over, with expected higher performance in the petrochemical industry chain climate + greater private refining, strong growth in domestic orders outside 2018
1. The company signed a new order of $18.9 billion in June 2018, an increase of 114 per cent. See, in 2018, H1 signed a new order of $40.4 billion, an increase of 69 per cent, the benefit of the petrochemical industry chain.
On 2 July, China Chemical-Egyptian Carbonholding signed a cooperation framework agreement under which both parties would jointly advance the largest petrochemical project in Africa, the Taril petrochemical project (total).
2. Oil Prices Uplifting Industrial Chain Recovering, Performanceing v Investment of approximately $10.9 billion. In-depth cooperation in the areas of investment finance and engineering technology, an out-of-company order is expected to go up to the next level. 3) By Type, H1 Engineering Contracting/Contribution 2018
Packets/design orders increased by 97/52/92/92/, with three main types moving in tandem, and design orders being designed as pre-order targets to double the growth of future orders. Three major outlets are now available, and the company’s performance is expected to be higher than expected.
(a) The lead in chemical engineering and diversification + the new chairman injected new dynamism into the company; (b) the industry landscape: benefits from the recovery of the climate in the petrochemical industry as a result of the rise in international oil prices + major private refining + resource endowments; (c) the long-term orientation of the coal industry; (c) the performance cut-off point: 34.3 billion yuan in 12018 h1
The same increase of 35 per cent is 33 pccs higher than during the same period last year, which is well above the forecast rate of the wind (21 per cent), and the renminbi continues to depreciate at a rate of 136 per cent from the beginning of the year to the present. We believe that the renminbi devalued by 300 million yuan and that the exchange losses this year are expected to be substantially reduced.
Wong Jun-wei points, then averages the final score and builds it as an average market investment.