Chinese chemistry (601117.sh) architectural decoration/professional engineering performed or continued to pick up. Davis double-clicking is expected to start ● liquidity marginal improvement, capital investment or will rebound:
Since July, credit easing signals have been released as central banks or windows have directed banks to increase their low-grade credit debt, the SISB talks have pointed out that more credit is being invested, new regulations are being put in place, and so on. In particular, on July 23, the country’s regular meeting proposed a more active fiscal policy, with future capital-related industries.
There will be benefits, and the pace of capital investment is likely to rebound. This round of policy gains has led to an easing of credit margins and the construction of industry fundamentals leading to a two-fold improvement in the financing environment and investment expectations, especially in the low-valued capital sector.
According to the company ' s business brief for June, the company accumulated a cumulative revenue of $34.3 billion in the first half of the year, a 35 per cent increase in the same year and a 13 per cent increase in the same year for large supermarkets, and a revenue of $8.33 billion in the single month of June. According to the company ' s business plan for 2018, the company is expected to complete a revenue of $67 billion this year, an increase in the same year.
14.4%, with 51% of the year’s plan completed in the first half of the year. Contracts with sound company operations, promising sustained performance, provide a solid basis for subsequent performance growth, and the company’s future performance is expected to continue to be robust.
• The oil price hub has risen, making it a success:
International oil prices have been rising steadily since May 2017, and oil prices are likely to remain high, leading to higher prices for petrochemical-based chemicals, while the effects of coal substitution are evident in the petrochemical and coal-chemical industries.
The climate has risen, the firms concerned have increased capital spending, orders have landed at an accelerated rate, and oil price increases have led to the release of new chemical engineering companies that have accelerated demand for capacity to build. The company will continue to suffer from falling performance, capital construction, and overseas markets.
The boom in oil prices has led to an upturn in the industrial landscape.