China Chemistry (601117.sh) China Chemistry (601117): The overall transition is beginning to bear fruit.
Income from the industry increased by 36.34 per cent from the same period; net profit from the return to the mother was $1,084 million, and the construction of the project was warmed back, performance was determined
This represents an increase of 28.569 billion yuan, 870 million yuan and 4,352 million yuan, or 38.09 per cent, respectively, and 2.85 per cent, respectively, of the income of the main business, the company ' s share of the income from other business activities in the first half of the year from sales and part of the income from the processing and manufacture of the main business, or 27.42 per cent, respectively.
China Chemistry (601117)_ Quarterlyly, the company achieved business income of 19.990 billion yuan in q2, an increase of 32.29 per cent over the same period; in fact, China Chemistry (601117): optimized business structure
Gross net profit of $684 million, an increase of 27.35 per cent over the same period
Construction (contracting), survey design and services and other operations: 9.28 per cent, 19.64 per cent, respectively; mainly due to increased competition in the industry market, contract profit space was further reduced and some of the projects were in a state of standstill, while the cost of materials, labour, etc. was increasing, resulting in a higher rate of Maori than in the same period the previous year.
The small increase in the Māori rate of surveying, design and service operations was mainly due to the retention of quality design projects by companies, which resulted in an increase in the Māori rate of other operations, mainly due to the company’s Fukuyan Euratom Project and the stable production and marketing of power stations in Indonesia, as well as the sale of some real estate projects during the first half of the year.
Over the reporting period, companies signed new contracts amounting to $8074 million, an increase of $33,242 million over the same period the previous year.
Newly signed construction contracts and total contracting contracts amount to $35.122 billion, representing an increase of 51.70 per cent over the same period, and new explorations amount to $1.10 billion, representing an increase of 0.38 per cent over the same period; by region, new in-country contracts amount to $40.417 billion, representing a ratio of 26.7 per cent for chemicals, 16 per cent for petrochemicals and 16 per cent for coal-chemicals.
In the first half of 2018, the ratio of new contracts for petrochemicals and electricity was further reduced, the ratio for coal-chemicals and chemicals was increased, the ratio for non-chemical companies had reached 50 per cent, the share of new contracts for construction and environmental protection had increased considerably, and the company had embarked on a full-scale development campaign for transformation and upgrading.
In the first half of the year, the net gain on exchange exceeded the annual income target of $300 million, increased sales and increased marketing costs; the management rate was 5.61 per cent.
(-0.71pc) The increase in management costs is mainly due to the increase in research and development fees. The financial rate is 0.24%, which is affected by the devaluation of the renminbi this year, with a gain of $321 million on exchange.
During the reporting period, 23,041 million yuan and 10,752 million yuan in operating income were realized, respectively, at the domestic and foreign levels, with a high level of companies signing the Dubai Automobile City Development Complex Project, the Almasa House Construction Project in the United Arab Emirates, and the Tangert Oil Refinery Project in Nigeria.
The Russian General Contracting Project for the deep transformation of crude oil in Omsk, the infrastructure package in Kinshasa Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the solid waste power generation project, among others, have been well received in traditional areas and cross-cutting operating orders abroad, and a diversified business structure is being developed.
During the first half of the year, 162 patents were granted by the state. Of these, 57 patents were awarded for inventions and 105 for new and practical purposes.
Three new national enterprise technology centres have been added to the Industrial Technology Innovation Strategy Alliance's Specialized Committee on the Environment.
The volatility is expected to decrease, while the chemical and coal markets in the areas of corporate advantage are expected to return to the Soviet cycle, where the firm's performance has been identified and “growth” ratings maintained; and the risk of price volatility in chemical products;
Overseas market risks, risks of changes in the international economic and political situation.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.