The performance has grown considerably, and the big-scale boom has made it possible to make a positive assessment of the performance of the Trina 2020 performance forecast.
Returning to a stock market and handing over the first outstanding performance response, Acid was an old photovoltaic component tap for the whole year 2020, first created in 1997, in 2006 at the New York Post, and in 2014-2015, at the global assembly champion of the Federation. The company prepared for privatization to withdraw from the market at the end of 2015 and to be listed on the Science and Innovation Board in 2020.
During this period, despite limited financing and slower expansion, the output of the components remained at the top of the first three, which is ample proof of the depth of the old tap. The company’s output of the components was expected to be about 15gw in 2020, an increase of more than 70% over the same year.
The \triangleright 210 product is an effective cost-saving for the power station bos and is popular with end-users. At the same time, as the rate rises, 210 can effectively reduce the production costs of the battery assembly chain and is expected to further enhance the profitability of the company in the future.
210 products, which are the first to launch the 600w+ " Top " series of component products. The company’s output layout and products are available first in the industry. The components are expected to produce more than 50gw by the end of 2021, of which 210 produce more than 40gw, and fully establish the company’s large-scale tap.
The component link is expected to be revalued and the company is the leader of a more resilient industry. \triangleright 2021 will accelerate the concentration of the market share of the component chain to the leader.
The products, brands, channels, etc. of leading firms will play a much more important role and will be more difficult to replicate. When the photovoltaic parities are online, the pressure on component prices will be reduced, leaving more value, and the whole chain will be revalued.
Product advantage, expected to achieve 30-35gw targets better, accompanied by faster production and market expansion, company tracking support frames, household systems, more storage, and building growth poles based on the full range of smart energy sources. Company tracking support frames, household systems, storage capabilities, and multiple operations based on smart energy. (1) Tracking support frames: received.
The acquisition of nclave, with a large industrial space and a continuous increase in penetration, is in a fast-growing phase. In 2020, the "Boarding Rich" brand is expected to be installed at more than 1 gw in 2021. (3) Storage capacity: 2gwh storage core capacity in a joint venture with Peng Fui energy, which can be combined downstream with photovoltaic organicity, with hundreds of mw-class installed in 2021, with future releases.
Pe(ttm) valuations, for the first time, are covered with a “recommended” rating. Photovolts are less than expected, components are sold at higher prices than expected, and upstream raw materials are higher.
The company ' s financial statement data forecast is a summary of vouchers, East Wu Securities, and Chinese Securities, joined in August 2020.Tinya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and in December 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.