Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Annual report issued by the company, yielding $45.15 billion in 2021, +73.3 per cent of the year, net profit to the mother of $6.71 billion
At the same time, the company published a quarterly report, q1 achieved revenues of +38.6 billion yuan in 2022, i.e. +78.6 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of +2.47 billion yuan, i.e. +55.4 per cent, the net profit of +2.44 billion yuan, i.e. +55.3 per cent, benefiting from the central shift in coal prices.
The Division’s profitability is expected to increase continuously, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Qualified coal coke sales, higher prices driven higher performance, q1 re-renovation relatively stable, and high prices contributed to higher performance. Q1’s total coal sales in 2022 amounted to 1,293,000.
Coal supply is tight, demand for coke is improving and profitability is expected to continue. Coal supply is tight: there is a chronic shortage of main coals in Australia, the EU has banned the import of Russian coal, further boosting the sea, foreign coal prices have risen, domestic and foreign coal prices have greatly constrained import demand, and domestic coal imports have been reduced by the same amount in the past quarter.
Twenty-four percent less, and coal prices are still on the rise as the epidemic eases and peaks rises demand, and coal yields are expected to continue. The demand for coke is good: affected by the epidemic, the current infrastructure has not improved, steel sales rings are blocked, and as the epidemic eases, the rate of down-shoring of coke is expected to rise, with “stable growth” expected.
Demand improvement drives further price increases, and coke profitability is expected to increase further.
In 2021, the company phased out 1.56 million tons/year of coke production and placed 5 million tons/year of caramel gardening to replace backward capacity in batches, of which 1.4 million tons/year of the new green caramel project started.
Corporate Information Update - High Coal Blower Test Production. Optimizing Coal Mines: Companies end-of-life disposal of some of the wells, phase out some of the poor capacity, increase, and look at the release of the second half of the year ' s performance
The annual company report and the quarterly reviews - the first quarter of the industry The resumption of the coal mine conversion development fund on 1 April of the year, at $5 per ton, is expected to affect the current profits of $180 million.
Dragon Head 2021.4.26