The business-level market is growing at a very high rate, and the gold mountain office is looking forward to a fast-track evaluation of its 2020 performance. The gold mountain office released a fast-track performance report on 23 February 2021, raising its revenue of $2,261 million over 20 years, a year-on-year increase.
Billion dollars, an increase of 96.79 per cent over the same year.q4 continued to grow at a high rate, cost inputs slowed down and investment returns increased profitably \triangleright
The company achieved 758 million yuan in the single quarter of the four quarters, a 41 per cent increase in the year, a 29 per cent increase in the ring, and continued to grow at a high rate; the net return to the mother was 879 million yuan for the year, a 120 per cent increase over the year, of which the q4 net return to the mother was 284 million yuan, a 44.9 per cent increase in the same period.
Extensions, recruitment of talent, slower cost inputs; 3) investment and M & As gains (non-recurrent gain of approximately $261 million).
The impact of the epidemic has accelerated the process of corporate upswing, and it has become a trend for end-b and end-c users to work in a cloud-collaborative manner. From the business side, as the demand for corporate-level cloudization has become apparent, the volume of institutional subscriptions has increased and the agency-authorized business has grown at a high rate; from the personal side, the company has shrunk as users use mobile and cloud-cooperative offices more intensively.
The use of Internet advertising continues to increase the user-friendliness of individual subscriptions at a higher rate. Long-term growth logic is clear, company-level market space is vast, and office space is scarce in the country, and growth logic is a good business model.
In the case of enterprise-level Tob operations, the company has been able to continuously expand its market by providing market-based + cloud-based eco-constructs.
The number of users has increased less than expected, the software has not advanced as much as expected, and product R & D has not progressed as expected.
Annual report point evaluation: performance growth bright, subscriptions and delegation of authority operations very promising summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
In 2019, the head of the Education & Computer Industry of the Civil Security Institute joined the Institute of Civil Securities and the Master of Financial Sciences of the Shanghai Foreign Economics and Trade University. Former author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Consultancy Association of China, he was assured that the data used in the report would be derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and the conclusions would not be influenced by any third party.