Li Tianfan's number of users has increased steadily, doubling net profits throughout the year.
Cloudwork has evolved into a new office trend in the cloud age, and companies have continued to innovate and take advantage of new technological trends, adding “collaboration” to the product strategy, promising to continue to benefit from mobile office and software national production, and the number of company members is expected to grow steadily. We appreciate the company's high performance in the area of office software.
Long-term, “buy-in” rating. Full-year net profits doubled, with high performance growth: 2,261 million yuan in corporate revenues in 2020, 43.14 per cent more than in the same year.
The need for cloudization at the industry level is gradually emerging, and institutional subscriptions continue to grow. Sub-operations show an increase of 61.90 per cent in the volume of $803 million in office software authorized operations and a net profit of $879 million in office service subscriptions, representing an increase of 119.56 per cent, which is faster than the rate of collection, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic.
As a result of restrictions on market outreach and travel activities, companies have increased their spending rates, resulting in lower costs. Net profit after deductions has increased by 94.59 per cent over the same period, mainly due to investment gains from idle funds for revenue management and the M&A network. 4q returns have increased by 41 per cent over the same period, with net profits increasing by the same year.
The growth rate was 44.19%, slower than in the previous three quarters, and we believe that the growth in online office demand slowed down, mainly after the domestic outbreak was brought under control. Corporate performance grew high throughout the year.
The Māori rate has increased in the same year and the cost rate has fallen significantly: for Māori, the company ' s integrated Māori office software product in 2020 resulted in a 3.98 percentage point increase. For cost, the overall cost rate of the company has decreased by 6.35 percentage points in the same year.
Internet advertising, percentage points, mainly increases in equity incentives and salaries of employees. Corporate control has a significant impact on the share of institutional investors in circulation.
The cloud strategy is continuing, with a steady growth in the number of users: companies are investing in promoting the clouding of their corporate clients, embedding the cloud file system in the user business scene, and increasing the actual penetration and frequency of their products.
People's clients, proactively adjusting their advertising strategies to enhance cross-end collaborative experiences, while focusing on the development of multi-person online document collaboration, enabling users to convert from a single editor to a collaborative user to enhance household stickyness. As at 31 December 2020, the company's main product was a monthly active user (mau) 4.74
The monthly active users of the wpsofficepc version are 185 million: the monthly active users of the mobile version are 282 million; the monthly active users of other products, such as the Golden Mountain Dictionary, are close to 100 million. In 2020, companies accumulated 19.62 million individual members, an increase of 63.23 per cent.
New product R & D and extension are not as well defined as strong buy-in as expected.
Table 2: Number of individual members with accumulated annual payments. This report was prepared by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. This report cannot be reproduced or re-issued or printed for any purpose.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy and integrity of the report, or any written assurance, or any responsibility or obligation to do so. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may take any action on the basis of information or research prior to receiving the report. The Group Credit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report. The information and comments on the report may or will be changed without prior notice. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will not be responsible for any damage caused by the use of the report.
The certificate described in the report (@special opinion or standing, or buying, selling or offering a certificate described in the report).