Ken, managing the clouded office trend, Kimsan Office is the leading office software and service provider in the country.
The company has more than 30 years of accumulated research and development experience and technology in the field of office software.
The company will focus on text layout technology, spreadsheet computing technology, animation technology, etc.
Authorized operations and subscriptions were robust, and companies performed robustly. In terms of sub-operations, companies worked together online in 2020 to edit, secure files and share data. Office software authorizations generated revenue of $803 million, an increase of 61.90 per cent, compared to the previous year; and the office services subscription industry.
In-depth research on a variety of key technologies to achieve income of $1,109 million through core technology, an increase of 63.18 per cent over the same period; and a breakthrough in the promotion of Internet advertising and the establishment of an Internet cloud office application service
349 million yuan, a decrease of 13.61% in the same year. Benefiting from the trend of informationization and cloudization, corporate business authorization and systems, creating new smart office models, and overall upgrading of the user community, subscriptions go hand in hand, supporting firm performance growth.
The company, as a leading business in the field of office software, has product ownership and capacity to improve customer services, and is expected to continue to benefit as the trend towards further information and cloudization deepens.
In 2020, according to the Ministry of Information and Communications, we achieved $8.16 trillion in revenues from software, a 13.3% increase over the previous decade.
19.6% of the software industry is still in a state of rapid development. The company’s detailed area of office software is in demand, and the office software industry itself has low marginal costs, high Maori and high conversion costs.
Cloud files total $898 billion, an increase of 79.24 per cent over the same period. Users ' online office habits were developed during the epidemic, the process of cloudization accelerated, companies seized the clouding trend and continuously upgraded their product and service capabilities; 3) profit and cash flows improved. In 2020, the Māori rate for company ownership was 87.71 per cent.
2.12 per cent percentage points; net operating cash flows amounted to $1,514 million year-round, an increase of 158.57 per cent over the same year; the industry itself had low marginal costs, high Maori, etc., and profitability and cash flow data represented good corporate performance, laying a solid foundation for company follow-up.
The growth of Eastern financial and intellectual resources, cloudy, cloudy collaboration, and intelligentness are inexorable, and companies are expected to take advantage of development opportunities. 1) The level of corporate informatization in the country is constantly increasing, driving the willingness to use cloud services.
While the positive performance of end-C users is now considered to be more significant, Saas software features such as subscription fees, general utility, low cost, etc., are conducive to short-term cost savings and longer cash flow support times for enterprises, and the company is expected to rise to new growth points as the business-level Saas market continues to penetrate; 2)
To further improve the efficiency and consistency of the business, the company will “collaborate” into the company’s product strategy. The epidemic has accelerated online office penetration, and the total volume of cloud files has increased dramatically to show that the cloud business has become a good household base and that the clientele will become more sticky as the office data settles.
Public and new trends, with companies continuously exploring cloud landing scenarios and enabling full-scale products, are expected to further open the space for corporate development; 3) companies add code to smart office to improve user office efficiency. Companies invest continuously in research and development, using artificial intelligence technology to improve user experience, and in the field of office processing around words.
Using mature computer visual and natural language processing techniques in academia to solve a range of algorithmic engineering problems, improve user office efficiency and enhance client stickability. Corporate profitability forecasting and investment ratings: corporate leadership in office software, cloud management,
The trend towards cloud collaboration and intellectualization continues to improve the capacity of products and services, and we look forward to the company's follow-up.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Kim Shan Office (688111): Main business is robust and captures clouded office trends.
The concept of value creation in industrial research is pursued in the areas of Wang Kenhui ' s big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial science and technology, and digital money.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.