KIMshan Office (688111) reported a significant increase in performance, a gradual erosion of adverse factors such as the long-term space epidemic, and a high rate of growth in the fourth quarter.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, the company achieves a high rate of growth in its performance in the fourth quarter.
At the cost end, in 2020, affected by the epidemic, the company’s off-line market outreach, travel and recruitment activities were limited, while the company’s continued efforts to increase the efficiency of its spending resulted in savings in associated costs and savings or slower consumption. In 2020, non-recurring gains and losses had a greater impact on the company’s performance throughout the year.
Investment gains are generated by the Financial Gains and Mergers Section.
In 2020, without fear of the impact of the macro-environment and the epidemic at home and abroad, companies provided high-quality cloud collaboration and office applications to more businesses and individual users, achieving good business outcomes: 1) institutions authorized operations achieved high growth; 2) institutional subscriptions as the need for corporate-level cloudization became apparent
(iii) Mobile and cloud co-operation offices, stimulated by the epidemic, are deeply changing users ' use of the Home Secretary ' s Research-Kinsan Office (68811.sh): government demand habits, which in turn drive individuals ' subscriptions to continue to grow at a higher rate.
Early release, strong growth of users of payments. 2020.10.27 Numbers continue to grow faster, based on the technical advantages of corporate products and product stickyness, production during the epidemic.
By the end of the third quarter, the company's main product, Mau, was $457 million, an increase of 19.63 per cent over the previous quarter, with 176 million monthly active users of the wpsofficepc version. The “chao” conference launched a multi-purpose collaborative new product that continued to drive national production and cloudization.
On 1 December 2020, the “chao” conference was held, and the company announced that “collaborative” was a new core product strategy and published five collaborative products.
In the last two years, the storage capacity of the wps cloud has grown by 10.6 times and the cloud file by 8.8 times. On the political side, companies maintain high coverage of their products and actively promote national mainstream standards uof and ofd.
Chen Tunan, a leading office software and service provider in the country, has great potential for future growth.
The increase in the number of user fees was lower than expected; the national production substitution process was lower than expected; other companies entered the software market and competition increased in the market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.