Performance continued to grow at a high rate, with the opening of the new city at the end of b. On 23 February 2021, the harvest continued to grow at a high rate: 758 million yuan in the first quarter of q4 in 2020, compared to the previous year.
In 2020, companies provided high-quality cloud collaboration and cloud office applications to a larger number of businesses and individual users. During this period, the agency’s authorized operations achieved high growth; as the demand for corporate-level cloudization became apparent, the volume of institutional subscriptions increased.
At the same time, with the intensive use of mobile and cloud-collaborative offices by users, and in order to optimize the user experience of the cloud and the collaborative office era, companies have reduced the volume of traditional Internet advertising, leading to continued high growth in individual subscriptions.
The net return profit continues to accelerate: the net return to the mother is 284 million yuan, an increase of 44.90 per cent over the same period; the net loss is 225 million yuan, an increase of 46.10 per cent over the same period. The increase in net profit in 2020 is mainly due to two factors: 1) affected by the epidemic, company-based market outreach activities, travel activities and recruitment.
Recruitment activities are limited, while companies continue to increase the efficiency of their spending, resulting in savings or slowing down of associated cost costs. 2) Benefit from idle funds to manage financial gains and to generate investment revenue from the Merger and Purchase Section, 1 Kimshan Office (688111): repatriation
On that day, the company’s main product Mau reached 457 million, an increase of 19.63 per cent over the same year, and the ring growth of 0.66 per cent. In addition, the number of user fees paid by the company continued to grow strongly.c End-of-end subscriptions doubled net profits, waiting for the new strategy.
The rapid increase in penetration and retention rates is steadily contributing to performance. Currently, cloud office, collaborative performance release 2021-01-27 is approaching, and the office will host wps "chao " on 1 December 2020.
The Office will collaborate as a strategy for new core products of the company and as a new core product of the company.
The company’s future business model is accelerating from mobile Internet and 2c to cloud.
The expansion and expansion of 2b will open up more and more profitable spaces in the future.
As the largest office software manufacturer in the country, performance has remained high this year, driven by multiple factors, such as credit creation, online office acceleration, improved subscription service indicators (transformation rates, mau, frequency of consumption).
The company brings new growth points, as well as the authorization of business and subscription operations to break down, respectively, the excavation and penetration of potential markets and maintain a “buy-in” rating.