KIMshan Office (688111) - KIMshan Office (6881.sh) Annual Report 2020
In 2020, the company achieved business income of 2,261 million yuan, an increase of 43.14 per cent over the same period. Of these, 1) public software product use authorized business revenue of 803 million yuan, an increase of 61.90 per cent over the same period, while the government and business markets continued to grow at a high rate; 2) office services subscription revenue of 1,109 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
Proactively adjust advertising strategies to reduce user disruptions in use and enhance cross-end collaboration experiences. In 2020, companies achieved a net profit of $612 million from non-repatriation, representing an increase of 94.59 per cent over the same period, and a net operating cash flow of $1,514 million, representing a significant increase of 158.57 per cent over the same period.
The number of active monthly users has continued to rise, with the cumulative number of paid individual members growing significantly 1) the number of live monthly users: by the end of 2020, the number of active monthly (mau) users of the company ' s main products (excluding gold mountain files) had reached 474 million, an increase of 15.33% over the same period.
185 million monthly active users: 282 million monthly active users of mobile editions: the number of monthly active users of other products of the company, such as the Golden Mountain Worm, is close to 100 million.) In terms of payments: in 2020, the company ' s cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership reached 1.62 million, a significant increase of 63.23 per cent over the same period.)
In 2020, individuals and “wps+” users uploaded cloud files through a public cloud service.
Corporate strategies continue to be advanced and the advantages of collaborative enabling products are increasingly being highlighted In terms of sub-operations, 1) domestic government entrepreneurship: companies continue the process of corporate-level client clouding; and strengthening the research-Kingshan office of the Yuan Securities Corporation (68811.sh): government demand
Nationally produced software and hardware, wps, bringing together 260 ecological partners, have signed strategic cooperation agreements with 14 high-market-dominated raw-state manufacturers: incubation of more than 200,000 small and medium-sized-sized and dynamic enterprises: continue to invest more in the field of education. 2) Personal value-added operations: increasing the penetration of members and the use of sticky
(c) Advertisement: enriches the advertising business structure, optimizes the display of the army strategy and enhances user experience. (d) Gold Mountain Documentation: Epidemics give rise to a strong demand for collaborative offices.
More than two thirds of users continue to use the epidemic. 5) Overseas operations: new products and services covering Russia, the Middle East, North and South America and Africa are now available to users in 220 countries and regions around the world. 6) Artificial intelligence and word-right operations: self-developed Ocr and machine-translation technologies reach the highest level in the country.
The level of a team; the number of users of the vernacular products remained stable.
The increase in the number of user fees was lower than expected; the national production substitution process was lower than expected; other companies entered the software market and competition increased in the market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.