Increased rates of payments for information technology software and services, synergies with strategic contributions to future development Events: Companies released their 2020 report, achieving business income of $2,261 million, a year-on-year increase
43.14 per cent longer, resulting in a net return of 878 million yuan, an increase of 119.22 per cent over the previous year, and good business performance. Companies achieved a net operating cash flow of 1,514 million yuan in 2020, a percentage point; R & D cost 711 million, an increase of 18.70 per cent over the same year, with R & D inputs accounting for a percentage share.
Monthly active users have maintained high growth and higher rates of payment. In 2020, the company’s main product, the monthly active user (mau), was 474 million, an increase of 15.33 per cent over the same period of the previous year. Of this, the monthly active user of wpsofficepc was 185 million, an increase of 19.35 per cent over the same period of the previous year;
During the reporting period, the company focused on the enhancement and optimization of office software for the party ' s office system and the development of a secure and equitable system.
KIMshan Office (688111) High Performance Growth, Office Software Enhancement and Optimization, and Wps National Production Suite for Party Political Applications
Development and industrialization projects, adapted to the national production and security platform system. At the end of 2020, the company released the Golden Mountain Office (68811), High Performance Growth, and the Golden Mountain Office published the “Kimsan Table, Kimshan Conference, Kimshan Calendar, Kimshan To-do and others”
The number of users increases by the same number - 2020/10/27 flexpaper, a brand-new collaborative product.
Investment proposals: the company is a leading domestic office software company, enjoying higher rates of payment in the light of cloud office trends, working with strategic contributions for the future, working with strategic contributions for the future
Increased rates of payments, strategic contributions to future development
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.