The performance of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is expected to continue with a steady increase in mou and fee rates Summary of performance: the company achieved 2,261 million yuan in revenue in 2020, an increase of 43.14 per cent over the same period; net repatriation was achieved
The profits of 880 million yuan, an increase of 119.2 per cent over the same period, the high growth in subscriptions and the sustained dynamism that drives performance growth. 1) End-of-income: corporate income in 2020 increased by 43.14 per cent compared to the year 2020. Sub-operational income from office services increased by 80 million yuan, an increase of 61.9 per cent compared to the same year;
Office software products use authorized business revenues of $1.11 billion, an increase of 63.2 per cent in the same year; Internet advertising promotions reduce advertising implantation. 2) Profit end: net profit returns increase by 119.2 per cent in the same year, mainly because of the increased standardization of wps products, leading to a continuing advantage of scale. The company ' s Māori rate is 87.7 per cent, an increase of 2.1 pp in the same year.
This is mainly due to a marked increase in the Māori rate of subscriptions to office services, with net interest rates of 38.9 per cent and an increase of 13.5 pp for the same year. 3) Cost aspects: 21.4 per cent for corporate sales and 0.5 pp for the same year; and a continuous increase in the number of active users and rates of payment and further increase in the stickyness of cloud office users as of 2020.
Bottom, 1) number of live monthly users: main product mau amounted to 474 million, an increase of 15.3 per cent over the same year, of which wps officepc version of mau amounted to 185 million; mobile version mau amounted to 282 million; other company products such as the Golden Mountain word mau amounted to nearly 100 million. 2) Number of cumulative user payments: cumulative user payments amounted to 1.62 million, the same number
The number of cloud files uploaded by users through the public cloud service has increased by 89.8 billion, or more than 79%. The demand for cloud office in the post-epidemiology period continues to be released, and the rate of national production replacements has increased.
According to the data, in 2019, the online office market was 28.8 billion yuan, and in 2020 it is expected to reach 44.9 billion yuan, which is expected to exceed 100 billion dollars in the future. The company, as leader of the national production office software, is expected to enjoy the dividends of the high industry landscape in the long term. In 2020, the company ' s wps product reached 95% of state service.
The firm’s organization, 100% of local and municipal governments, 97% of provincial governments, 93% of provincial governments, and 87% of medium-sized and large banks are expected to accelerate the firm’s shift to the eight main industries, replacing them with one-size-fits-all.
2. Kimsan Office (688111): high-profit forecasts and investment proposals for office subscriptions.
Growth, high corporate performance (2020-08-20) assumes that 1: The scale of the country’s innovation market continues to grow, and the process of substituting for localization of the company’s national production accelerates. We expect that domestic policies will continue to expand the process of nationalization of government-owned business software over the next three years, and move forward to eight major industries.
As the coverage of companies increases, we believe that subscriptions will be an important driver of growth in corporate performance, and that business operations will be driven by the growth of corporate performance.
Assumption 3: The effect of scale continues to raise the net interest rate of companies. As wps products become more standardized, the firm’s strength continues to emerge.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for the period 2021-2023 as follows: The creation of a market coupled with the rapid development of the clouded office market in the future, we look forward to the company in the long term, although there are more short-term returns, and the future is not, and will not be, compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.