LEE Tianfan doubled the net profits for the year, and the high performance growth was in line with expectations.
The company proposes a new product strategy for “collaboratively” setting up a market for small and medium-sized micro-enterprises, working with industry partners to build an eco-protective river. We see the company's high growth in the area of office software, and we give it “a doubling of net profits and high performance growth for the year: in medium terms, the company achieved a net gain by 2020”.
Rendering of 861 million yuan, a 115 per cent increase over the same period, and achieving high annual performance growth, mainly due to: 1) the growing demand for corporate-level cloudization and the growth of institutional subscriptions; 2) the fact that mobile and cloud-cooperative offices change user habits and lead to higher rates of growth in individual subscriptions, spurred by the epidemic.
The net profit for the single quarter of 4q is $266 million, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period. In 2020, the net profit of companies grew at a higher rate than the recovery rate, mainly as a result of the epidemic, which pushed the market below the line, limited travel activities, and lower expenditure on associated costs.
Launching of the “Collaborative” product strategy and strengthening of partnerships with industry: In December 2020, the company adopted the “Collaborative” as a new product strategy, and released five new products, such as the “Golden Hill Form”. The company plans to invest one third of its R&D capacity in a collaborative strategy, which will in the future be a peddling of tens of millions of medium-sized and small-sized products.
It's the key to the business office market. It's a complete matrix of office collaboration products that can help expand product service coverage, and multi-person collaboration can be effective in increasing user stickyness and speeding up fee conversion, enabling performance growth.
Office-provided documentation capacity, companies working with industry partners to build eco-protective rivers. The “c+b” end market is advancing simultaneously, opening up growth space: at the end of c, companies are expanding their user regulations.
At the end of B, Wps’ coverage in the political and business markets has increased further, with over 90% coverage in State Council agencies, Yan and provincial governments, and 87% in commercial banks. Companies operate faster at the end of c and b.
This report is written by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions about the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, i., or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.
29 January 2021