Net profits are growing at a high rate, and b-subscription is expected to open a wider space for office in KIMshan (6881.sh). Company growth logic is clear, looking at 2c/2g market in the short to medium term, and looking at the wider b-side market and overseas markets in the longer term.
Based on the company ' s performance report, considering the impact of non-recurring gains and losses, we have revised the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2020 to 879 million yuan (the original projection was 863 million yuan). Considering that the company will continue to invest in research and development over the next two years, we have reduced the company ' s net return profit forecast for 2021-2022.
• A high-speed growth in institutional mandates and individual subscriptions The company issued a fast-performing report, which projected operating income of 2,261 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 43.14 per cent; a net profit of 879 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 119,56 per cent; and a net profit of 619 million yuan a year for non-return.
This represents an increase of 96.79 per cent. Of this total, q4 quarter income increased by 41 per cent over the same period, and single quarter net profit returns increased by 44.88 per cent.
Increases; (3) In order to enhance the user experience, companies have reduced the use of traditional Internet advertising, and we expect the revenue from advertising to decline. The profit increase is much faster than the income increase is due to the impact of the epidemic, the off-line market, the restrictions on promotional activities, travel activities and recruitment of personnel, and the associated cost savings or slowdowns.
At a time when companies are idle in the management of their financial returns and the M & As Section generates investment returns, the non-recurrent gains and losses are significantly higher. • The need for corporate-level cloudization is gradually emerging, the market space at the end of the line is wide, the demand at the enterprise-level is emerging, and companies are focusing on market opportunities.
The launch of the launch, building on the four products strategy “Multiscreens, clouds, ai and content”, as a key new strategic direction, will invest one third of the research and development effort in a collaborative strategy, with a 10-fold increase in the number of collaborative teams, and will include the “Kingshan Table, Golden Hill Conference, Golden Hill Calendar, Golden Hill To-do and
The brand-new collaboration product of the flexpaper 5 is expected to open up a wider market for small and medium b.