World-class Tier 0.5, 21st of February 2022, Research Assistant Tan Qing.
The company’s core business, nvh (shock mitigation plus interior), is a whole-of-car system engineering project, which allows it to participate in all-of-the-car development and establish a stable partnership with oem. As of 2019, according to our calculations,
Corporate shock products account for 7.4% (caliber of sales) nationwide, and interior products have a higher Māori rate as a result of the industry’s chain layout. As trends in the domestic automobile industry have evolved: joint ventures have grown, and customers have been updated from General-Gili-Texra, while new overseas energy companies have been set up.
(rivian) and new domestic car-making forces (Rivian + Hua), among others, are expected to adapt to the unique competitiveness of management + architecture + talent to build up a counterproductive productive reserve. Companies adhere to the non-family model of scientific management, give high priority to the introduction of talent, and more than 2,000 research and development groups have been established.
The management + talent + organizational structure creates a unique competitiveness for enterprises. In the industry ' s next cycle from 2017 to 2020, the company will be able to use a horizontal flattening + sales-oriented organizational structure at the enterprise level to effectively improve its operational efficiency and reduce its costs.
Continued financing, including through ipo/fixed increases, counter-optimal expansion of production capacity, with land reserves exceeding 3,573 acres as of 2021q3, providing sufficient capacity for trends in the new energy automobile industry.
Successful experience in management/research and development/manufacture/business, constantly upgraded through technology, building the “2+n” product matrix: 1) light-loaded chemical chassis (approximately $3,000) + air-flying operations (approximately $8,000); 2) through acquisition of Fordonna and
) and, depending on the electro-control technology and precision of the manufacturing capability it brings, has successfully developed heat management series products (approximately $3,000); 4) production techniques of pressure cast plus molds accumulated from light-quantified chassis operations, c/, Top Group (601689): core
With a single-car value of over $20,000 and a shift to the Tier 0.5 role through modular supply, clients continue to grow and new customers are about to release 2, Top Group (601689): New talent
Business follows the rapid growth of new energy customers; 3) automobile electronics roll-out; 4) heat management; accelerated landing of the source project, expansion of the energy reserve; gradual roll-out of version 2.0 of the integrated heat pump in the system; 5) air-jump system planned for 2022
2021-12-24 With a complete product technology matrix, there is an adequate stock of production capacity.
The Topper Group, established in 1983 and headquartered in Ningbo, China, has been dedicated to the automobile industry for more than 30 years.
Rubber vibration products and soundproof products are the leading domestic nvh products. Following their gradual development, the main business now includes six major product lines, such as decomposition systems, interior systems, smart driving (underboard electronic) systems, chassis light quantification systems, heat management systems, air-gas hanging systems, etc.
Figure 2: Tupou Group development process 1.2. The ownership structure is clear, with a concentration of holdings held by real owners directly holding 62.94%. Ningbo Tsui Investment Management Co. Ltd. is a corporate-held shareholder, McCord International Holdings.
The owner and ultimate beneficiary of the company are , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
The top ten shareholders of the company have a combined share of 70.81%, and the equity is concentrated. 1.3. The rise of new energy cars for the benefit of new energy, which continues to encourage technological innovation, the rise of new energy cars and a rapid increase in corporate revenue.
Electricization, light quantitative trends, rapid growth of corporate revenues, $7,823 million in January-September 2021, or +81.1 per cent, and net profit to mothers of $753 million, or 94.44 per cent.
Continued encouragement of technological innovation and increasing investment in R & D. Companies have acquired the capacity of a global mainframe plant before they are listed, and continue to increase their R & D investment after they are listed. In addition to traditional business, there is a steady increase in the profile of light-quantified/intelligent drivers, an emphasis on the introduction of talent, and a rapid rise in the per capita income of companies.
1.4. Single-quality track champions, client structure continuously updated 1.4.1. Deep-drying + noise base core business nvh product structure: the company ' s main product for shock mitigation + interior is 1) earthquake-reducing products, twisting, suspenseing, liner III
The design of the car nvh is a system engineering project, and the company has a stable partnership with the main domestic and foreign garages, and has participated in several different types of equipment, such as Shanghai Universal, General Motors, BMW, Audi, etc.
Simultaneous research and development of the oem project. The company is involved in the design and testing of the whole vehicle performance and structure in synchronizing research and development, and is an important part of the whole car manufacturer's R & D system, which allows it to maintain a stable client base in the Oem market by maintaining a good level of cooperation with the whole car manufacturer.
1.4.2. First in the country, the earthquake-mitigating products are integrated into the international Oem support system. The shock-reducing products are metal-rubber composite products, with the total power of isolation transmitted by ground vibrations. The shock-reducing products are divided into rubber-resilient products and spring-retarded tremors, of which the rubber-resistance products are most widely distributed throughout the vehicle and are used for power-combustion.
elastic connections and buffers between various structural elements, such as body, chassis, etc. The company’s rubber shock absorber product has a single-car companion value of around $600 and a price relative to the Māori rate is stable.
Figure 8 Distribution of rubber shock products by vehicle, Figure 9 : Rubber shock products received & increased/billion yuan in annual sales ranking first in the country and, according to our estimates, the share of the country ' s municipalities in 2019 was approximately 7.4 per cent (caliber of sales).
It is also exported to North America, Europe, South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc., and is one of the few domestic suppliers of parts and components that have access to the international whole-of-carry system. The client pattern is relatively fragmented, with common, Mobis, Gilly, and so on.
The company’s competitors in the area of shock relief include Antung, Ninghai, East China Sea rubber, etc.
1.4.3. Soundproofing systems - > whole car acoustic suites, constantly upgrading interior apparel products, > entire vehicle acoustic suites, continuously upgrading products. The main function of soundproofing systems is to reduce or eliminate noise in vehicles, such as engine noise, street noise and wind noise.
The Division’s products have now been developed into an entire vehicle soundproofing package, such as engine interiors, outdoors, crew room interiors, baggage interiors, seals, etc. The system-wide soundproofing programme is possible. New energy clients are releasing and the bottom of the tentacles is rising.
After 2018, the overall decline in the automobile industry, which affected both profit-producing and upper-air general sales, led to a drop in the sales of interior articles and Tesla sales, which led to a rapid increase in revenue in 2021. Industry characteristics led to a relatively fragmented pattern, with industry-wide Māori being relatively high.
As a result, industry concentration is low and Maori is low, and the main competitors are domestic players, including Chinese cars, Ningbohuashang, and usual fashions. Companies achieve a full-industry chain layout from fibre-based-based-surface systems, so the core customers are universal-plus-rich, with the new power generating the major additions.
In addition to the traditional whole-of-car companies like Mitsubishi and Jili. The new drivers of Tesla, Gao, aito, etc., have also become customers of interior products, which, with the rapid growth in the sales of new power vehicles, will be continuously updated with the corporate interior system 1.4.4.
By 2015, General Motors was the company’s first customer, and as the total number of cars in the country grew, the company followed General Motors. From 2015, autonomous brands began to rise, and Gilly became the company’s new growth point and the company’s first customer.
With the new energy motor wave, Tesla has become the company’s first customer and continues to drive further growth. The company has now completed the supply layout of the new car-making forces, such as rovian and Hua-hung, and is expected to follow the trend of the new energy industry, with offshore deployment of research and development centres and capacity to achieve a global distribution.
By 2016, two overseas technology research and development centres had been established in Detroit, United States, and Gothenburg, Sweden, with specialized technicians in Toronto, Canada, Wienheim, France, São Paulo, Brazil, and Tangle Marlin, Malaysia. There were manufacturing plants in China, Malaysia, Brazil, and Poland.
Strategic vision + talent mechanisms to promote the expansion of production-reverse reserves + goods 2.1. Strategicly forward-looking, capital-market-resilient reserve capacity, national down-by-road cycle, and corporate core clients slowing down. Beginning in 2017, the country began to take a national ride.
The market has entered a downward cycle, with demand continuously falling below expectations, from a peak of 24.377,000 vehicles in 2016, with company core clients reaching their peak sales in 2017/2018 and Gilly, respectively. Corporate output has been expanding, and demand/net profit/assets turnover data have declined.
Financing, including through ipo/fixed increases, continues to expand production capacity and reserves for the next cycle. During the sustained expansion of production capacity, significant increases in depreciation have resulted in higher capital spending and gradual consolidation, resulting in declining data such as the roe/net profit rate and asset turnover rate.
The recovery in traditional vehicle sales + the rise of new energy customers, and the rise in capacity utilization have led to improvements in profitability indicators. Starting in 2020, with the firm ' s traditional customer sales stabilizing, the revival of orders, and the rapid release of production from new energy core clients, it has contributed to a rapid increase in the company ' s capacity utilization, leading to improvements in net profitability, asset turnover, etc.
2.2. A unique talent mechanism plus a scientific management structure that promotes product-based expansion, adheres to a non-family science-management model and attaches great importance to the introduction of talent. Companies insist on a non-family science-management model.
The company’s actual controller, Mr. Quanjia, has no close relatives at the middle level or above, and the Managing Director, Vice-President, Director of Finance, etc., are career managers, creating a sound corporate governance structure and a transparent scientific decision-making and management system. The company attaches great importance to the introduction, selection and development of talent, attracting a wide range of high-level talent from within and outside the country.
A research team of nearly 2,000 people has been set up with more than 100 PhDs and masters, with a career management structure plus a horizontal flat-down management model to improve operational efficiency and reduce costs. At the corporate level, a business management structure can effectively reduce management pressures, focus operations and improve operational effectiveness.
At the enterprise level, a horizontal flat-level management model is adopted, with sales at its centre, to ensure that the organization is market-oriented, pool resources, and respond quickly. At the business module level, the pyramid-type organizational structure is adopted, strict process standards are enforced, efficiency is improved and costs are reduced.
3. Build the "2+n" product matrix, target Tier 0.5 supplier 3.1. Successful replication + technology iterative upgrading, and create the "2+n " product matrix
Building on the successful experience of nvh, technology overlap drives product expansion. Building on the successful experience of managing + R + manufacturing + commerce on the Nvh track, the company continuously upgrades technology on the basis of its original products. 1) Through the use of metal-rubber technology for rubber-coated seismic products, it cuts into light-quantized chassis + air-steaming operations; 2) through the acquisition of Fortona and Zit.
(c) Major research and development of auto electronics, building on the electro-control technology and precision of the manufacturing capabilities they bring, and successful development of heat management series products;
The company is currently developing a “2+n” product matrix on the basis of the original seismic plus acoustic product, with a one-car value rising from around $2,000 and constantly increasing: 1) Light Quantified Bottom System with a single-car value of about $3,000; 2) Automobile Electronics with a single-car value of about $3,000 (in the process of promotion);
3) Integrated heat pump system with a vehicle value of approximately $3,000; 4) air hanging system with a vehicle value of approximately $8,000 (ongoing); 5) integrated car-shared structure product with a vehicle value of approximately $2,000-100000 (ongoing); company can provide a single-car value of more than $20,000, and work towards modular supply to Tier 0.5.
3.2. Aluminium alloys lightly quantified: rapid release of the products of the chassis, integrated casting to complete layouts Policy drive, energy-saving emission reduction standards are constantly being raised. Energy-saving emission reductions have become the main theme of our economic development. The car sector is the focus of promoting energy-saving emission reductions. In 2020, the Chinese Automotive Engineering Institute organized a revision by industry-wide experts.
Launch of Energy Conservation and New Energy Motors Technology Route 2.0, with specific requirements for fuel consumption in new vehicles, the average fuel consumption in new vehicles in 2025/2030/2035 would need to reach 4.6, 3.2, 2.0l/100km, energy-saving emission reduction targets, and new energy penetration rates would continue to rise, with mileage anxiety becoming a central consumer concern.
Thus, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the country rose rapidly, from 2.7% in January 2020 to 21.3% in December 2021, and as the share of new energy vehicles continues to grow, the problems are becoming more pronounced. According to the findings of the interview with the China Motors Association on the experience of new energy vehicles, the most important concern for users is the battery.
Small-scale energy savings are reduced, and aluminum alloys are best priced. According to the “Bool China” data, the vehicle load is reduced by 10%, with a maximum of 5-10% fuel saving, and the quality of preparation reduced by 100 kg, with a reduction of 100 km in fuel consumption.
0.3-0.6l, reducing CO2 emissions by 8.5 g/km, thus making light quantification a priority development technique in the area of energy-saving emission reduction, while among the different light quantitative materials there are multiple advantages in the performance, density and price of aluminum alloys compared to multiple metal alloys and carbon fibres, which are the least price-effective and light quantitative materials.
According to data published by the International Association of Aluminium Industries, the amount of aluminium used in traditional cars in the country in 2020 was about 139 kg/car. The Ministry of Trade and Finance ' s Energy Conservation and New Energy Technologies Routes Chart sets the country ' s aluminum target of 250 kg/car and 350 kg/car per vehicle in 2025.
Merger + expansion of production capacity into a light-quantified area of aluminium alloy chassis. The company’s initial chassis was a controlled arm product, and in 2015 it combined the suspension system with the chassis of Teslamodel3 and a light-quantified chassis with a view to increasing the combined strength of the Department, optimizing the allocation of resources and increasing synergy.
In November of the same year, the company acquired 500 acres of extension capacity in Hangzhou Bay. In 2017, the company acquired Fordona, which was awarded a system-related product technology consisting of a complete chassis of the former second-in-back staircase, the back bridge, the armwork, the control arm, etc.
Aluminium alloyed car welding process Into the new energy branding supply chain, the benefits increase rapidly in revenue sales. The company’s light-quantified spare parts chassis clients are mainly directed to new energy vehicles, including Tesla, Rivian, Ulai, Gao, Cyrus, etc.
The completion of the construction of the marine plant, the rapid release of sales in 2021, the company's supply of a complete chassis system to Model3/y, the rapid increase in the collection of the chassis system, with an increase of 68.9 per cent in the rate of growth of 2021h1 on a year-on-year basis, will further boost the growth of the production and release of other new energy brands.
Financial + technology + customer + management combined capacity barriers, with the most abundant reserves. Corporate advantage: 1) having the chassis, the overall design capability and the test validation capability; 2) mastering a variety of light-quantified processes; 3) having access to the core motor components of the ketamine. Compared to other competitors in the light-quantitative chassis system, the company has the most productive reserves.
Full, capable of responding to industrial change in response to the rapidly expanding demands of the new energy industry chain and the new power production of cars, Tesla leads the integrated casting technology, car companies plus supply chains follow up, and the market space is wide. Tesla introduced the integrated casting technology in 2020, replacing the traditional body with a lock in the form of pressure + welding.
The magnified large-scale casting machine of 6,000t has streamlined over 70 parts of the entire backboard and plans to replace 370 parts of the car with 2 - 3 large-scale castings. The technology is effective in increasing the efficiency of the manufacture of the body parts, reducing the cost of manufacturing, improving the safety of the body and the precision of the body. On the basis of the above advantages, a number of vehicles are available.
According to our calculations, the market space created by domestic integration was expected to reach 389 in 2025, in collaboration with the Power Group strategy, and the layout of the scheme. In September 2021, the company and the Power Group entered into a new strategic cooperation agreement on the light-weighting of cars and the integration of large vehicle components, which has already acquired nearly 100 units.
On the basis of a hard-pressed casting machine, Topu continues to order 21 compact-share units, including 6 7200 tons, 10 4,500 tons and 5 2,000 tons of pressure-shaping equipment. Lightly quantified process plus super-pressurized castr layout, light-quantified chassis and integrated casting operations can grow.
Compared to their counterparts, the company has the greatest number of large-scale casting machines in aluminium alloy processing, pressurized, and has been ordered to grow up in light-quantified chassis and integrated casting. 3.3. Smart driving: thevp vacuum pump takes the lead in production, ibs wait for flowering.
The evp vacuum pump is the first to produce, and the power-intelligence drive is common. New energy vehicles, because of the absence of vacuum sources, need a vacuum pump or line-control to help complete the system's build-up. The smartness demands faster reaction to the implementation unit (esc 600ms, line-control build-up < 150ms), together to drive the brake system to the line-control motion.
The company's vp vacuum pump is the first to achieve volume production, and the line control dynamic product ibs is currently the most advanced one-box program and is expected to move towards volume production. The bottom disk domain integration has become a trend, and the bottom disk electronics matrix has been perfected.
The braking and turning functions of the whole vehicle can be achieved in multiple ways, so that controlling the controls of all chassis control systems in a unified manner becomes the most efficient and a trend in the future. Companies have a well-developed product matrix in the area of braking and turning to the system, and are expected to expand their operations in line with industry trends.
3.4. Thermal management: back-up, active system-level suppliers. Dynamic trends drive the upgrade of the thermal management system and the market space for the new energy heat management system is wide. Electrodynamicization leads to the upgrading of the electrical power of key components in the management system, such as pumps, valves, compressors, and the addition of new components for electrical power plants, batteries, etc.
The heat management process requires new parts and components. In order to increase the mileage of the new energy vehicle and increase the efficiency of heating, the heat pump system, etc., increases the value of the heat management system. According to our calculations, the heat management system of the new energy vehicle has a combined value of about $6,500, the unit value of the conventional fuel vehicle is about $2,500, the heat exchanger of the new energy vehicle, the empty.
The value of products such as compressors, pumps, valves is expected to reach 64.1 billion yuan in 2025, and cagrda, 2021-2025, with electron technology, into the field of thermal management systems. The company has been successful in developing heat pump air conditioning, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, based on the power control and precision manufacturing capabilities of the ibs smart brake systems developed in the lead-up period.
In 2021, the company set up a fully-funded subsidiary of the heat management system, registered at $2 billion, and intensified the development of an integrated heat pump total of 2.0, which is expected to deliver to customers outside Tesla. Autonomous suppliers work to supply the system, based on a single advantage.
Domestic autonomous suppliers rely on their own advantages, such as Tupui Toibs smart brake system development capabilities, total heat pumps, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, etc., and other products for heat management systems. Silver wheel shares are based on heat exchanger advantages, and triflower intelligence is based on valve-type advantages, and efforts are made to integrate system supply capabilities.
Aerodynamics in the course of the journey; 2) better insulation, providing non-linear rigidity curves; 3)
The system is complex, with high costs leading to very low penetration and a large market space. Because the whole active hang-out system consists of air supply units (compressors, storage tanks, distribution valves, etc.), air springs, mutagenic decomposers, control systems.
By 2021, we had a national air seepage penetration rate of about 1.8%, a penetration rate of about 0.7% outside the imported pattern, and a significant margin of penetration. The split supply boosts the process of nationalization of the core units, and the autonomous enterprises are producing in volume.
Core spare parts: Air springs, air supply units (air compressors, distribution valves, gas storage tanks) have high technical barriers. To reduce the cost of system configuration, the mainframe plant provides an opportunity for local suppliers to break through single points by splitting up.
Consumption upgrades + autonomous brands break up upwards, and car-type prices are clearly explored. Compared to traditional autonomous brands, technology and driving experiences are the main outlets for new and autonomous brands of power, air hangings match both demands.
A more comfortable driving experience and a higher “sex ratio” have led to a constant increase in the price of air-shut-configured vehicles, such as car/red flag/plate/arcryl, to a cost of $300,000 above and below. The increase in demand + lower costs, together, has contributed to the accelerated spread of air-shut and to a wide market space.
(b) Increased mileage and reduction of demand due to increased energy penetration; (b) intellectual technology and driving experience demands due to rising consumer demand; (c) “value for money” allocation claims from autonomous brands to high-end breakthroughs, which together drive increased air demand; (c) supply end: 1) automobile companies demand constant fragmentation of supply, resulting in accelerated breakthroughs at agreed points of self-supply; and (d) national production.
Substitution leads to a continuous decline in the cost of the system, which further accelerates the process of air-flying. According to our calculations, air-jumping market space is expected to reach $16.3 billion by 2025, and cagr by 2021-2025, 51.3 per cent. Air-jumping plants are in place to quickly establish integrated support capabilities.
The plant was officially inaugurated, covering 60,000 square metres of land and 80,000 square metres of building space, and was scheduled to be officially operational in June 2022, enabling the production of 2 million air suspensions per year and 500,000 vehicles/years. The company has now completed the complete pre/post-air spring assembly, integrated gas units, high/accelerated sensors and the ecas control system.
Business development. At the same time, the technology of single and multi-gas chambers is available, providing different levels of suspension and coping with multiple conditions. 4. New models are accepted by new energy customers, productive reserves respond to industrial trends. 4.1. North American customers take the lead in modular supply, and new power entry is expected to drive supply chain change.
North America’s bicycles have increased in value, leading the way to the Tier0.5 strategy. The current domestic vehicle supply chain tends to split up, except for Teslamodel3/y, which receives modular supply, where new forces and traditional car firms have relatively low single-car value.
The value of the project package is $11,000, while the value of the Ford full-powered bicycle package has increased considerably. 4.2. New energy customers are growing rapidly, energy reserves are responding to industrial trends, new energy penetration rates are rising, and new energy customers are climbing rapidly.
The energy penetration rate has risen rapidly. According to the federated statistics, it rose from 2.7% in January 2020 to 46.0% in 2021, with other new energy clients also maintaining high growth rates.
There is a huge expansion of productive reserves. Before listing, 855 acres of land, up to 2021q3, with more than 3,573 acres of land tenure, with additional land mainly used for light-quantified chassis, air hanging, car electronics, and heat management systems.
54%. The company has made sufficient production reserves for changes in the new energy industry. 1) Earthquake mitigation operations have been growing steadily; 2) soundproofing/light-quantified chassis operations have followed the rapid growth of new energy customers; 3) automobile electronics operations have been phased in; 4) integrated heat pumps version 2.0 in the thermal management system has been rolled out; 5) air is hanging
The system, based on corporate disclosure, is scheduled to be officially launched in June 2022 and phased in in 2023. We have selected four companies with the same business: Burtley (line control + lightly quantified chassis), Vincent's shares (i.e. physical pressure cast), Paul's technology (air hanging), Tripoe intellectual control (heat management) as a comparable company of the Top Group, 2021-
An average of 54.8.5/31.9/23.5 times in 2023. We believe that the technology of the company continues to evolve, has a complete product technology matrix, and has a sufficient stock of productive capacity. With the rapid rise in the penetration rate of new energy vehicles, much greater progress is expected in global epidemic control.
The chip supply deficit is higher than expected. The chip shortage is higher than expected, affecting the output of the company’s downstream mainframe plant and, consequently, its performance.
The price of raw materials rises more than expected. If the price of raw materials rises more than expected, it will affect the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate, which in turn will affect the company’s performance.