In-depth study of gold dragonfish (300999).
Corporate ratings: Increase (for the first time) the country’s 100 billion grain oil taps, and the platform’s combined strength is significant, with benefits limiting policy withdrawal and opening up opportunities for development. The company’s strategic goal is to be the largest in China.
The company is ranked first in the domestic market in the food and oil brand, and first in the modern market share of the packaging flour/packaging rice. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
In 2020, companies achieved operating income of 1949 billion yuan, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period.
Cancelled, corporate expansion resistance removed, new and old business was synergized, and the Māori rate rose year by year to develop opportunities. (2) Long-term performance of the company: 1; upgrading of the structure of the company ' s oil-eating products and city-to-city coverage.
There is room for upgrading; 2, the domestic packaging rice market is nearly triple in size, and the public rice business is expected; 3, the company has increased its concentration in the domestic spices and feed market; and 4, the company ' s central kitchen business is expected to inject new performance growth.
3) Short- and medium-term performance of the company: (1) There are still price increases for the company ' s oil-eating products,3 and the company ' s feed raw material business will continue to benefit from the restoration of pig production capacity in the short term;4 The negative impact of the hedging on the company ' s performance is expected to diminish over time.
The company values are attractive: in 2021, 76 times the average value of a comparable platform type of company (sea and weather industry, farmers' springs), considering the differences in product properties, compared gold dragonfish (300999) to 300 depths.
We look forward to the company’s long-term replication of successful models and experiences in the oil industry as a domestic kitchen food platform. The company expands its product base by developing a large market of low-scale rice flour and spices, as well as a wide market space.
For the first time, we've taken a look, and we've given the company an “enhanced” rating. One or more billion food- and oil-troop-heads in the country have a long way to go, and we've got a good chance to develop.
1.1 The main performance of the kitchen food service contribution company, with the Māori rate rising from year to year, (1) the company receives more than 60% of the Māori kitchen foods, and the company’s main products include kitchen foods, feed raw materials, and fat technology products.
Oil, rice, flour, etc.; feed raw materials such as soybean, syrup, rice, rice, etc.; and fat technology products such as oil-based oils such as palm oil. In 2020, the company achieved a business income of 1949 billion yuan, an increase of 14.2%, and kitchen foods, feed raw materials and oil-based technology.
In 2019, the company achieved $81.53 billion in sales of oil products, representing 75 per cent of the food business. In 2020, we estimated that the public sector earned 74 per cent of the revenue from food sales in the kitchens. The total revenue was 46 per cent.
(2) The Māori rate of the company ' s kitchen food business has been raised by 13% annually, or 0.4 pct, the same year.
Decline in sales: This is also closely linked to the company ' s constant restructuring of its product sales and higher sales prices: in 2020, the company ' s kitchen food operations achieved sales of 205,000 tons, a 3.5 per cent increase compared to the previous year, and sales at an average price of $6059 per ton per year, a 7.6 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
The company ' s kitchen food products are divided according to the type of packaging: 1; vegetable oil: they can be divided into bulk oils, medium-packaged oils and small-packaged cooking oils. The small-packaged food oils (5l or less) are used mainly for retail household consumption; the medium-packaged cooking oil (10l-22l) is used mainly for catering consumption; the bulk oils are used mainly for distribution.
Food industry and part of retail consumption and catering consumption. 2, rice, flour: may be divided into bulk, medium-packaged, small-packaged rice.
The company’s agricultural and food processing industries are integrated. They are based on the agricultural and food processing chains, which include, inter alia, primary processing, deep processing, and fat technology.
Industry; upstream agricultural by-products are processed in the first stages, producing primary products such as butter, ground rice, wheat, and so on, as well as by-products such as soybean, vegetables, rice and platinum; by-products can be directly converted into feed raw materials; and by-products such as cooking oil, rice, flour, etc., are processed in depth and produce products such as cooking oil, rice, flour, etc., through fat.
Technology and technology can also produce fat technology products. The company’s production is closely linked, with a physicalized production process. 1.2 The company’s share in the market of the food oil brand and modern rice channels is the highest.
(1) In 2019, the company was ranked first in the domestic market with a market share of 33.7 per cent for the "goldfish" brand, combined with the company Oliveland (2.3 per cent), Hodge (1.9 per cent) and others (2 per cent) with a combined market share for the company's "goldfish" brand.
40 per cent, well above the second-highest Fukuping Gate (13.5 per cent). (2) The company ranked first in the market share of modern channels for packaging rice surfaces.
The market shares are 18.4% and 26.7%, respectively, and are ranked first. ELSEN defines large stores, supermarkets, small supermarkets, convenience stores, and traditional retail stores throughout the country. ELSEN defines large stores, supermarkets, small supermarkets, convenience stores, and traditional retail stores throughout the country.
The food and oil are heavy asset operations, high asset-liability ratios, equity.
The multiplier rises are limited, and the relevant listed companies are generally low. In 2020, negative values were removed, and the average value of domestic food and oil listed companies was 7.75% and 8.09%. Compared to the domestic and foreign food and oil giants, the company was in the upper middle level. In 2019, the international food and oil giants represented adm (Adammy), Day.
In October 2020, the company registered an increase in total equity and net assets, but the net interest rate of the collection company was relatively high.
In 2020, the average net interest rate for domestically listed companies was 2.94%; in 2020, the net interest rate for international food and oil giants was 2.77% for adm (Adanmi) and 2.81% for bunge (Bongi), and 3.37% for companies.
The net profit rate of companies listed in the figure 16 food and oil companies has increased steadily. From 2018 to 2020, the net profit rate of companies has increased steadily, with a net profit of 6 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same period, an increase of 5.4 pct over the same period.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved business income of $51.08 billion, an increase of 28 per cent, and a net return of $1.570 billion, an increase of 29.1 per cent, mainly as a result of a steady increase in sales of retail products from the company ' s kitchen food business, an increase in unit prices and the impact of the epidemic on catering and food industry products.
At the same time, feed feedstocks and fat technology plates have been affected by the rise in market conditions, with large-sharers in 1.4 companies and core teams providing incentives to upgrade (1) the international power of large-sharers in companies.
The company’s major shareholders are Rich International, with an indirect holding of 89.99% of the shares. Rich International holds 89.99% of the shares indirectly through the bathoscompany holdings, wcl holding shares, and the Bulfi China (Bermuda).
The four major shareholders behind Benevolent International are the American food merchants, adm, Guo Kong Fung, and Kuok of Guo’s family.
One, the world’s leading multinational oil and oil industry, with more than 30 countries. Singapore’s Beneficiary International Group, founded in 1991, is the world’s leading agricultural integrated multinational grain and oil company.
In 2020, Beneficiary International was ranked 285th among the top 500 companies in the world in the journal Wealth 2020. Currently, Beneficiary International has more than 900 processing plants in more than 30 countries and territories, most of them along the "one-way" route of Asia and Africa, with distribution networks in more than 50 countries and regions.
About 90,000 global employees.2 Singapore’s listed enterprises earn nearly $300 billion in operating income. Wilmar was listed in Singapore in 2006, mainly in palm and lunar oil, oilseed pressurization, oil refining, rice processing, sugar processing, etc., with $42.6 billion in operating income in 2019.
A net profit of $1,293 million.
The leading oilseed shredder, the manufacturer of branded consumer wrapping oil, rice and flour, one of the largest flour and rice millers (2) good corporate management and core team motivation.
Gold Dragonfish is currently chaired by Kwok Kong Fung, born in 1949, Singapore nationality, and is the nephew of Kwok’s founder, Kwok crane. The president of the company is the pioneer of the Gwok Group’s food and oil operations in China, and has a stronger influence in the creation and listing of Benevolence International in Singapore.
Companies share ideas and incentives for core management teams. Companies have an experienced management team, and members of the core management team have been growing with the company and have a high degree of loyalty to the business.
Production, sales, and raw material purchases are well understood, so the company’s core management team is paid a higher salary. The average increase in 2020 was 10%.
1.5 “Golden Dragonfish” has been plowing in China for more than 30 years, and there is an opportunity to develop (1) “Gold Dragonfish” is a small packager of oil ahead of China for more than 30 years.
A large modern oil refinery: In 1991, the company launched its first bottle of “gold dragonfish” small-packed foods and used oil: in 1992, the company's products entered the trade unions of enterprises, thereby opening up the gold dragonfish market; and in 1993-1995, Carri oil was driven by government restrictions on foreign investment in the oil-processing industry.
Construction or co-financing of six cooking oil refining and packaging plants in Guangxi Bay, Shanghai, Shandongqing Island, Liaoning Pass, Chengdu Sichuan and Shaanxian to complete the national production layout: in 1996, the Golden Dragonfish first placed the first small packaging oil advertisement in Yankyang; in 2001, the Chinese food was officially signed with the Guo Group
The South China Sea share sale agreement: in 2002, Kari oil invested in Qingjia peanut oil and two oil mills in Tianjinjia. Tons of tons; in 2005, the company was established as its predecessor, Yui Hai Investment Limited. In 2009, the company pressurized its oilseeds.
Annual processing exceeded 10 million tons; in 2011, annual processing of the company ' s oil and resin refined exceeded 5 million tons and annual processing of rice exceeded 1 million tons; in 2012, annual sales of the company ' s fat and technology products exceeded 1 million tons; and in 2015, annual processing of the company ' s wheat exceeded 4.5 million tons.
A series of reorganisations in which stockholders of the company listed the food and oil processing, marketing, etc. in mainland China. (2) The foreign investment restrictions were lifted and the company was listed and the opportunity to develop.
In 1995-2017, the policy restricted foreign investment in domestic food and oil projects. In 1995, the Ministry of Commerce issued a document restricting foreign investment in “fat processing”; In October 2007, the Commission and the Ministry of Commerce launched a newly revised Directory of Guidance for Foreign Investment Industries, no.
In turn, “protein feed development and production” is included in the list of industries that encourage foreign investment, explicitly requiring that “the processing of soybeans, oilseeds and fat for food” must be controlled by China: September 2008.
Implementation of the Directory of Guidance for the Investment Industry: In 2011, the State further included the processing of food products such as peanut oil, cottonseed oil, teaseed oil, and rice, flour, etc., in the list of industries restricting foreign investment. In 2008-2014, the share of foreign capital in China's oil processing capacity declined from 29% to 23%.
In June 2017, the newly revised Directory of Foreign Investment Industry Guidance proposed a positive expansion of openness and the removal of restrictions on access to FDI in areas such as oil and oil for food, and deep processing of maize. A turning point has been established.
In 2019, Yelga squeezed production capacity at 16%, after the Mid-Food Group (18%). As the investment climate changed in the country.
Well, by becoming marketed in a stock market and becoming a home-grown enterprise, moving away from the designation and restrictions of “foreign capital” and the basis for further expansion of the company's business in China, companies will have a good opportunity to develop in the future with a long-standing platform of competitive advantage.
(1) The company is committed to becoming one of the largest integrated agricultural and food companies in China, and its strategic objective is to become one of the largest integrated agricultural and food companies in China, and will continue to expand the depth and breadth of the industrial landscape in order to achieve more competitive costs and advanced research and development technologies.
Through a well-developed marketing network, strong brand influence is created to provide consumers with better products that are diversified, safer, nutritious, healthy, and delicious. (2) The company ' s new and old business is working together to develop promising prospects.
Companies have formed higher barriers, both new and old. Companies have created higher barriers to competition in the cheap, oil-eating business, and have already had the advantage of an industrial chain. On this basis, companies have continued to expand their high-value-added product groups, optimize their product structure, and have developed new and old products in tandem.
At a time when the market size (rice, spice, flour, cooking oil, Chinese kitchen) in the relevant areas of the company’s business layout amounts to more than $3 trillion, the company is expected to continuously increase market ownership in each area in the future.
The company currently has oil, rice, flour, hangings, spices, yeasts, solarization, central kitchens, etc. on the kitchen line. Each single item of the company will form a professional research and development, production, marketing team, national production, marketing network advantages, and a possible replica.
In particular, there will be a modest increase in sales of oil for the company ' s consumption, which will be based on consumption escalation and will continue to promote existing high-end products and introduce more high-quality new products in the future and upgrade the product structure;
In addition, the company has moved into areas where it has a relatively high rate of Maori spices, central kitchens, and so on. In short, the company will continue to develop new products around the industrial chain, upstream and downstream, and complementarities with the original product, making existing products and new products available.
Co-development and sustained reduction of production, marketing and logistics costs. “Four” building on corporate platform consolidation, building on the cornerstone of achieving strategic objectives 2.1 brand power: visibility + increased market promotion + integrated brand matrix
The company’s continued market promotion, the “goldfish” brand, is rich, and has sunk into a higher profile. The company’s brand is well-defined, and the public administration, through long-term advertising, has made the "goldfish" brand widely recognized by consumers.
In 1996, for the first time, the Golden Dragonfish was advertised for cooking oil; second generation 1:1-to-the-oil ads were also well received. According to World Brand Laboratory data, China’s 500 Most Valued Brands in 2020, the Golden Dragonfish brand was worth 45,273 million yuan, known as the popular food brand.
Companies continue to maintain a high level of advertising input, gradually taking over consumers’ minds. Companies gain consumer intellectual recognition through long-term advertising input, and their strengths will become more apparent as consumers become more aware of food branding.
In 2020, the company’s market cost was 2.5 billion yuan, an increase of 13.2 per cent over the previous year, mainly because the company as a whole had increased the marketing of the kitchen food market, specifically: the advertising cost was 950 million yuan, a decrease in the same year.
1.85 per cent, basically maintaining higher inputs. Promotion costs are $1.55 billion, an increase of 25 per cent over the same period. We believe that the company, based on the visibility of its brand, will increase its sales volume by increasing its marketing efforts, strengthening consumer intellectual occupation and helping to expand the consumer population of its products.
(2) The company has the highest brand profile at all levels, with a clearly defined product matrix, the Golden Dragonfish brand, developed into a high-end, middle-end, and popular composite brand matrix. The type of company product covers food oil, rice, flour, flour, flour, spices, etc., and a comprehensive brand matrix has been established.
The company's core brand, the Golden Dragonfish, has evolved from a single food-eating brand to a composite kitchen food brand. The labels under the labels include fragrant gardens, Hodges, Oliveland, Yuanbao, carp, Queens, etc.
In January 2021, based on China’s Beijing-brand rating rights, Weiwei released China’s CVI sm (c-nps) brand ranking and analysis for 2021, c-nps (chinanetpromoterscore) as a brand marker.
The company’s high-end brands “Huchie Flowers” and “Golden Dragonfish” are still ahead, while the middle-end brands “Fragrance Gardens” and the popular brand “Mart Treasures” are on the rise, and the “Dippa” has become the new food oil brand.
The matrix of the company’s oil-eating products is clearly located. 1. High-end products have been branded as premium. The company’s high-end products, represented by “Gold Dragon Fish” and “Huchie Flowers”, have different properties.
The company produces high-quality products at competitive cost, launching popular product brands such as “Main Treasure” and “Diplomatic” products. On 11 June 2021, the company’s flagship medal, 20l Soyya oil, was priced at $209, equivalent to $10.5/l, at a market price of $12-14/l.
Low level, with a value-for-money advantage. (3) A company's flexible price strategy benefits from brand power, increased market share. Retail pricing adjustments for corporate products need to be based on changes in raw materials, future trends and its own financial derivatives.
The product position, coupled with the combination of competition in the industry, makes judgements that, for most of the time, the firm's living pricing strategy is conducive to robust growth in the long run. (1) In the run, the price of the product is adjusted upwards.
Historically, companies have been able to make good stock purchases of raw materials based on fluctuations in the prices of raw materials markets. When raw materials have changed considerably, in a sustained and trendive manner, they have increased, and prices have been adjusted across the industry, and companies have made some upward adjustments to the prices of their products.
According to media reports, since November 2020, the brand name of the cooking oil head, such as Luhua and Golden Dragonfish, has declared that in 2020 the prices of company kitchen food sales increased by 7.6 per cent over the same period, and that in 2021, prices of company products increased considerably compared to most of the month of last year, owing to a low base.
According to online sales data from the East, in 2020, the average value of the company ' s products was 60.4 yuan per piece, an increase of 2 per cent in comparison with the previous year, when prices of raw materials had fallen, the company had adopted a flexible price reduction strategy, relying on good value for money.
In 2010-2019, the market share of companies ' food oil brands increased from 23.9 per cent to 39.9 per cent, although it was influenced by ad hoc policy price controls and corporate initiatives to reduce prices.
In May 2013, the two big food oil giants, Golden Dragonfish and Fuxemun respectively, announced a downward revision of popular oil products, a decline of about 8-16 per cent; in March 2014, Golden Dragonfish reconciled oil, vegetableseed oil and soybean oils, a decline of 4 per cent compared to 2013, with a cumulative decline of 26 per cent in the domestic import of soybean cnf equivalents over the same period.
3) The company has not followed the Fuxemun price hikes in the recent past, and has adopted a flexible strategy whereby the company has not followed the Fuxemon price increases in the recent period, owing to its relatively low purchasing price for raw materials, and has contributed to the growth of the sales of its products by adopting flexible pricing strategies.
The price of soybean oil was higher than the price of the Fukuping Gate and the product of the same specifications, but it was not followed up on the Fukuping Gate in March 2021. On March 22, 2021, Fukupingham was able to change the price of soybean oil to 5l, 6-8%. As of June 11, 2021, the company was still in the process of changing the price of soybean oil to 6-8%.
Maintenance of previous prices, estimated to be mainly through adjustment of promotions and cost inputs 2.2 channel power: stable customer relationships highlight barriers, dealers have a strong advantage in size. Companies have established networks of channels from traditional to modern channels, power suppliers, and continue to do so at an early stage.
There are now diversified, full-channel distribution networks with national resources of high-quality and powerful distributors and distributors. Companies can share distribution channels, co-opt benefits, use existing products, brands, and experienced marketing capabilities.
The advantages of a fully covered network of channels enable firms to promote new products quickly in the market. (1) Corporate access barriers have been created, priority customer relations have been stabilized. Companies operate over time through a large amount of money and technology, and access barriers have been strengthened to create public goods.
Corporate sales patterns are divided into distribution and direct sales, and distribution channels are divided between line and line, targeting mainly lower-line customers. In central cities and provincial capitals, modern channels have developed very rapidly, mainly through direct sales. In 2020, companies distributed and sold directly.
The ratio of access is 67.4% to 32.6%, the company’s main client service is b-end, the priority customer relationship is stable, 1) the company has established long-term strategic partnerships through the certification of important offline customers.
Many clients are well-known groups of firms, both domestic and foreign, such as Wal-Mart, Mandarin, McDonald’s, Master Kang, Nestlé, Billion Billion Billion Billows, and Purchasing. These clients have a rigorous and complex certification process for qualified suppliers, and companies have accumulated over many years, and have established long-term and stable strategic partnerships with a large number of firms in the relevant industries.
2) The company’s products have been sold on various electrical platforms. The company collaborates with electronics platforms such as Kyundong, Skycat Supermarket, fresh electricity platforms such as dish, fast donkeys, Alibaba “retails” and community retail electronics platforms such as “new circuits” in Kyoto, and improves the reach of end-users.
The company has set up a diversified, off-line, whole-channel distribution network with retail outlets, catering channels and food industry channels throughout the country, depending on the consumer’s consumption patterns. The company’s kitchen food operations are divided mainly into retail products, catering customers, food industry customers, and average value.
From 2017 to 2019, sales earnings from retail customers of companies accounted for 44.3 per cent, 40.9 per cent, 14.8 per cent, respectively, and from 2017 to 2019, the size of the company ' s distributors was prominent, while revenues from kitchen food distributions were higher than the size of the company ' s network of distributors.
After the seafood industry (7,051). In 2020, the number of corporate distributors was 5097, an increase of 15.7 per cent. We expect that the average single sales volume of the company's new distributors will decline from year to year, that the distributioner density will increase, that the number of distributors will grow from year to year, and that the number of terminals will increase, leading to production.
In 2020, the company’s eastern, western and northern branches showed that in 2020, the company’s new distributors were mainly located in the eastern and western parts of the country, respectively.
The company’s business, in addition to its original oil and rice products, is currently increasing its efforts to promote spice products, perform yeast business, and possibly at the end of the year.
Some of the central kitchen products will be launched: in addition, the company, in partnership with the Karols, produces potato chips and breakfast grains, which are already on the market, and sells the milk products produced abroad by the parent company, NewMedford. Second, the downfall and fission of the channels of the company’s distributors will further expand the number of distributors.
In some of the more developed markets, the company will break down the distributors further; the promotion channel will sink, and the department will further develop the distributors, with the goal of reaching towns, villages, future four, five-line cities, and a very large development space: due to the late start of retailing, the company can strengthen its professional distributors.
The company’s quality, cost, and service advantages through product diversification, one-stop distribution, R & D, etc. will help the company to develop its catering channels well. Third, the company and the distributors have developed a good working bond.
Evaluations, including business concepts, financial strength, logistics storage capacity, market service capacity, team management, etc., also provide training support to distributors and guidance on warehousing management, which is now mutually beneficial. Companies work together with many distributors on a long-term basis, creating good cooperation practices.
The Māori ratio of the company ' s kitchen food business benefits a higher share of retail customers ' sales earnings. In 2020, the company ' s revenue ratio for kitchen food distributors was 52.5%.
Increase in the share of higher retail customers. From 2017 to 2019, the distribution income of company retail customers as a percentage of kitchen food income was about 2.67 - 3.03 per cent between food industry customers as a percentage of kitchen food income, and Māori
(c) The company’s sales costs are lower than the industry average. The company’s sales costs include freight costs, market costs, and employee salaries.
In 2020, 33.3 per cent, 29.6 per cent, 20.8 per cent. In 2020, the cost of company sales was 51.6 per cent and 47.5 per cent, respectively, of company direct sales of kitchen foods, so the required market cost input was to give the distributor a discount.
For example, in 2019, sales and direct sales of company food retail products were sold and sold.
Prices are $7280 per ton, $7599 per ton. The company’s retail food sales and direct sales turnover rate is reasonable and comparable to the amount of adm. Given the company’s relatively large direct sales customers, the share of first-off dealers is relatively small, and sales revenue is much higher than domestic comparable.
For municipal companies, the turnover rate of receivables is therefore lower than the average value of companies listed in the country (54.87), compared to 29.26 in the public sector. When compared to the international grain and oil giant adm, the turnover rate of corporate receivables is not significantly different.
From 0.35 pct to 4.57, but below the average value of domestic companies listed in the food and oil market (6.33), and below the stock turnover rate of the international grain and oil giant adm (5.74), we believe that as the company raises the value of the package logistics project, the effects of scale intensification will increase ... the stock turnover rate of the company will increase.
2.3 Product power: food safety certification + R & D advantages + circular economic model (1) Company product quality control is strong, and most factories are more controlled in terms of quality control through authoritative internal and external safety certification.
Quality and Food Safety Management System (QSM), which focuses on the entire process of quality and food safety management from source raw materials, production processing, warehousing logistics to end-user services at all points in the industrial chain.
Assurances. Currently, the international food safety certification is in the Iso certification country, and abroad is in the fda, sgs certification. Of these, fda is generally the highest food certification standard because of the high standards.
Globalgap, haccp, sqf, gmp. Currently, the company’s main plant has been certified as an ino9001 quality management system, Iso22000 food safety management system, Iso 14001 environmental management system, and some plant testing centres have passed the Iso 17025 laboratory.
Harmonized standards are used to facilitate the sale of company products in food processing channels. Aaib’s stringent, low pass rates are widely accepted by consumers and North American food retailers, and are used by many global food retailers and purchasing groups as a threshold for entry to suppliers.
(2) Corporate technology patents lead and R & D has significant R & D advantages. Compared to food and oil giants spending much more on R & D than on in-house SMEs, the advantages are more pronounced: in 2020, international food and oil giant adm R & D costs $160 million;
The Department spends 180 million yuan on R & D, far more than any other food and oil company in the country. The company has the highest number of technology patents and researchers in the country.
In 2020, the company had 428 patents, a total of 329 R & D workers, and more than 70% of R & D workers.
They have a master's or doctoral degree, have solid professional knowledge and skills, and several employees have been selected for such training programmes as “Shanghai military leaders” and “Shanghai youth leaders.” (3) The company has a leading circular economic model, and there is much room for market development for high-value-added products.
Companies have created leading rice-cycle economic models that are difficult to replicate. The country’s rice-growing processes are large, mostly in decentralized, crude, inefficient production, and “small, scattered, low” processing patterns increase food loss and waste, and the upgrading of rice-processing and economic efficiency are the direction of industrial development.
In 2006, the first rice processing production base was established in Gamus, Heilongjiang, and after many years of research and development, the company built a new model of rice-cycle economics industry called "Forming - Precision - Branding of Products - Combining of Products - High Technology and Product Development" and was awarded the "Scientific Science and Technology of the China Food and Oil Society".
The company’s model not only secures the quality of raw materials, but also shifts from a traditional crude-water model of rice processing to a “dry-dry” model of processing that is highly processed and energy-efficient by-products, which is more difficult to replicate and competitive because it needs to be based on the advantages of scale.
In the company's rice-processing “dry-out” model, a grain of rice not only becomes branded rice, but also generates value-added products such as egg phosphorus, rice platinum, wax, cereals, rice platinum, and can generate electricity, oil, and mutagenic green.
(a) Environmentally friendly tyres. There are four main points: 1) Ordering agriculture provides quality raw materials. Companies process and produce high quality brands of rice, thereby increasing their product premium capacity;
2) Riceshells - Power generation: Saving the cost of company production. As the main by-product, riceshells are used to generate electricity (20% of riceshells and 2 tons of riceshells can replace 1 ton of coal). According to the Liaoning daily, companies burn riceshells about 600,000 tons per year, equivalent to about 350,000 tons of coal, saving electricity generation.
About $72 million would reduce sulphur dioxide emissions by about 3,500 tons; 3) rice shell-white carbon black: catered to market demand, company products have been tested for solidity.
(a) 0.03 tons of high-value-added white carbon black. Since November 2012, when the EU “Tires Labelling Act” was implemented, green tyres have become the direction of the tyre industry, with the potential of a high-dispersed white carbon black industry, which has been tested by world-renowned tyre manufacturers;
4) Miho-rice oil: The company is internationally recognized and the market is looking good. At the International Rice Oil Congress in Tokyo, Japan, in 2016, Golden Dragonfish rice oil won the International Rice Oil Quality Award, an international rice oil Quality Award.
High-quality recognition, and a big-weight commendation for industry standards. Then corporate products were exported to Australia and Japan. The company processed 70,000 tons of rice oil each year, adding value to a variety of active substances, such as vitamine, cereals, plant syrup, etc., in rice oil.
In mid-year, soybean imports could be reduced and increased by 200 million tons of rice produced in the country, yielding about 14 million tons of rice, containing 15-20 per cent of the oil and producing 2.3 million tons of rice oil (equivalent to 13 million tons of soybean oil).
High-value-added rice products are also relatively small, most of them used as animal feed, and less than 20% of them are used for oil production or for further extraction of higher-value products such as rice proteins, rice platinum, cereals, etc. The difference is greater between almost 100% in Japan and 60-70% in India.
2.4 Cost force: Lower cost of procurement + scale effect + business group model (1) Company raw materials are less expensive to procure, supply secure company raw materials are more expensive and purchase prices are lower than market averages.
Soybeans, rice, wheat, fat, and other agricultural by-products and accessories and equipment. From 2017 to 2020, the average business cost of company raw materials was 88.74 per cent. In 2019, out-of-country purchases of raw materials were 39.1 per cent, with soybeans and processors, palm palm oil and lunar cinnamonate accounting for the original material.
The proportion of purchases of raw materials was high, at 60.5 per cent and 59.3 per cent, respectively, of which soybean purchases abroad originated mainly in countries such as Brazil, Argentina and the United States, while those purchases of palm oil abroad originated mainly in countries such as Malaysia and India.
The price of soybeans rose in the second half of 2020, and, with the exception of the structure of raw material purchases, the advantages of company purchases of raw materials were shown, with the price of soybean and processed products falling by 2.7 per cent compared to the previous year; the average price of public wheat purchases was lower than the average price of national acquisitions; and the price of rice purchases was lower than the average price of national acquisitions in the first two years.
In the last two years, the company’s raw materials were purchased near the site, and the major shareholders associated with it facilitated the supply of the raw materials. The company created a nationwide collection team responsible for acquiring fresh, high quality and value-for-money materials for the company.
Nearly manufactured processing enterprises; and companies that minimize the impact of raw material supply on company profits, based on large shareholders, decades of industry experience, and the advantages of business size. In 2020, the total share of raw materials purchased by the company ' s top five suppliers was 30.52 per cent, with companies associated with major shareholders International, adm International, etc.
Beneficiary International and adm supply companies have increased their share of raw materials. Beneficiary International is the world’s largest supplier of palm oil, with a market share of about one third, and the company’s share of palm and lunar acid oil purchased from them is more than 50% of the total purchase value of the same raw materials; adm provides the company with the main raw materials.
Soybeans and processors. In 2019, the company purchased soybeans and processors as a share of the total raw materials of the same kind, amounting to about 12%. (2) The company ' s nearly 70 production bases have had a scale effect.
The company has a wide range of production networks throughout the country, and is able to coordinate and coordinate production throughout the country to meet the needs of its clients for products in different regions and at different times.
The Bureau, a local complex of enterprises, is able to maximize efficiency and economies of scale. Many of the company’s factories contain products such as oil, rice, face, etc., that can meet customers’ needs on a one-stop basis, reduce storage and transport costs, guarantee product quality and freshness, and be able to respond quickly to market demand.
By the end of 2020, the company had 66 production bases in 24 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under its jurisdiction, and has built new production bases in Qiqihar, Winzhou, Taihara, Lanzhou, Yujima, Qingdao, etc. It is expected that in the coming years there will be more than 80 integrated production and processing bases in the company, which will be beneficial.
Corporate size advantages reduce management costs. Companies have set up a matrix management model: there are currently 4 major channel platforms, 12 major business platforms and 8 major functional platforms, with synergies between the platforms.
Comprehensive management of raw materials procurement, production, product control, marketing, etc. in the relevant areas of business, and specific implementation of group-level requirements at the factory level guarantee the effectiveness and efficiency of management.
(3) The integrated cluster model reduces logistics costs The company’s industrial cluster transport radius reduces logistics costs by sharing equipment, such as warehousing, etc. The company has established a number of integrated clusters in Thailand, the island of Qin, Shanghai, Lihangun, and the city-protected port, among others.
The company reduces the overall logistics, inventory, and management costs by clustering the industrial chain down and down into one production base, where the product of one factory is the raw material of another. At the same time, the economies of scale of the conglomerate allow companies to share advanced storage equipment and share in the business complex.
The acquisition team is responsible for the procurement of raw materials and for reducing the cost of procurement. (4) The automated intensive production model reduces the cost of labour.
The main reason for this is the company’s intensive production model, the higher degree of automation of production and the larger share of direct sales customers. Third, long-term perspective 1: the company’s structure of oil-eating products has been upgraded, and the city’s share has been raised.
3.1 There is still room for an improvement in the market share of oil-eating products. The future consumption of oil is mainly a structured investment opportunity: the country's oil-eating industry has been growing slowly, per capita consumption has stabilized, and brands have become close to stock competition.
Increased demand for healthy, safe, and nutritious cooking oil will continue to grow. Future branding and high-end will be the focus of competition in the industry, which is expected to increase further to headlines. (1) Domestic consumption of cooking oil has reached a slow growth stage.
In accordance with the nutritional intake recommendation, per capita consumption of oil is largely saturated. In our consumption structure, vegetable oils dominate, while animal oils are relatively low. In 2019, the entire population consumed 8.9 kg of vegetable oil, or 93.7%, and since 2018, per capita consumption in urban areas of the country began.
Per capita daily consumption of oil fell from 28.5 grams to 26 grams, which has been largely saturated. According to China Cyclops, the ceiling is 11 kg of cooking oil per year, and fats provide less than 30% of total energy.
In 2019, per capita consumption of oil fell from 10.4 kg per capita in 2014 to a trend towards diversified, better-quality and rational consumption, which will lead to a reduction in consumption by some consumption groups. According to data from the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, consumption in China was reduced in 2019.
With 33.38 million tons of vegetable oil, an increase of 0.1 per cent over the same period, the domestic consumption of domestic vegetable oils increased slightly from 2015 to 2019, and the supply of domestic vegetable oils was slightly greater than the demand and more balanced overall. In 2019, the total domestic supply of domestic vegetable oils was 36.168 million tons, 8.4 per cent higher than the total consumption of domestic vegetable oils, including home-grown vegetable oils.
and imports of vegetable oils, which in turn include vegetable oils produced from home-grown and imported oilseeds.In 2019, domestic imports of oilseeds produced 1,472,000 tons of oil, or 40.7 per cent, and national oilseeds and oils, or 10.19 million tons, or 29.2 per cent, and imports of foodseeds and oils for export, or 10.29 million.
Tons, 28.7%, a. The domestic soybeans are highly dependent, and the soybeans are used mainly for pressurizing demand. Soybeans are the largest oil crop in the world and are plant proteins.
Compared to 82.6 per cent, consumption was 13.96 million tons, or 13.7 per cent, of which soybean presses mainly for soybean oil and soybean products, and domestic soybeans are highly dependent. In 2019, Chinese soybean production was 18.1 million tons, with imports.
8.859 million tons, or 86.4 per cent of foreign trade dependency, were imported mainly from Brazil, the United States and Argentina, accounting for 65.1 per cent, 19.2 per cent, 9.9 per cent and 94.2 per cent of the total.
In 2019, China produced 3,834 tons of domestic oilseed pressurized and processed and 10.19 million tons of oil produced. Nationally produced oilseeds accounted for 45.3 per cent and 34.8 per cent of groundnuts and oilseeds, respectively, exceeding c. Domestic vegetable oil imports were dominated by palm oil
Since palm oil has a price advantage and is used mainly for food processing, according to General Customs data, in 2019 the total amount of imported domestic cooking oil was 9.53 million tons, of which palm oil accounted for 58.9 per cent, followed by vegetable oil, seed oil and soy oil, accounting for 17 per cent and 8.7 per cent respectively.
(2) The development of small and medium packaging oils in the country is promising 1) Small packaging oils in the country: multifactorial contribution to higher consumption than the overall increase, with the rate of urbanization increasing, small packagings are gradually replacing bulk oils; household income, unit household
As the level of urbanization rises, the rural population, which used to eat oil, gradually turned into small-packaging oil. In 2013-2019, China City will be a further substitute for rural oil spill consumption; annual disposable income for the country’s residents will increase from $18.3 million per year.
By 307,000 yuan, consumption support was created for small packaging oils, which are relatively high prices; between 2010 and 2019, the average household size in China fell from 3.5 to 2.9, taking into account the shelf life of the oils, and small households would opt for small packaging oils.
We tend to prefer that, under the medium-term scenario for the next decade, the share of domestic small-packaged oil consumption will be 50-60% of the local market for small-packaged oil. In 2010-2019, the share of small-packaged oil consumption increased from 26% to 36.9%, but the share of domestic small-packaged oil consumption will be relative.
There is still room for improvement, and according to data on the penetration rate of small-package oils in 2019, the consumption of small-package oils in the country was 12.32 million tons.
On the assumption of an average annual compound increase, domestic consumption of small packaging oils is expected to increase to 41.2 per cent, 45.9 per cent and 51.1 per cent, respectively, corresponding to consumption of small packaging oils. 2) Domestic consumption of packaged oils: demand in the catering industry will drive consumption to a higher rate than overall increase
Policies have limited the consumption of bulk oil, and the consumption of packaged oils has increased over the years as demand for meals has increased. Because of the health, safety, and quality of bulk oils, regulations have been in place to limit the distribution of bulk oil, which has now been banned for many areas for many years.
With the exception of the exceptional situation of the epidemic, the catering sector has grown steadily and steadily. In 2010, China’s catering services market revenues rose from 1.76 trillion yuan to 4.7 trillion yuan in 2019, with a compound annual increase of 10.23 per cent.
In addition, the Chinese packaged cooking oil increased the demand for uniform distribution services after increasing the domestic chaining rate. In 2018, China ' s restaurant chaining rate was only 10 per cent, well below the global average (27 per cent), the chain catering industry largely adopted a uniform distribution rate of 72.8 per cent in 2019.
Domestic consumption of packaged oil will increase as the catering industry chain increases. Under the medium scenario, domestic consumption of packaged oil will decline from 51% to 36%, and domestic consumption of packaged oil will rise from 23% to 31%.
In 2019, domestic consumption of packaged oil was 10.35 million tons. In 2030, if we were to make a pessimistic, neutral and optimistic three-yearly compound increase in domestic consumption of small packaged oil in the next 10 years, based on agricultural farmers ' data on domestic intake of packaged oil, it was expected that there would be an increase in domestic consumption of small packaged oils.
Up to 34.2 per cent, 37.5 per cent and 40.7 per cent of the corresponding consumption of packaging oil, respectively (3) companies as domestic oil-eating taps, and there is still room for an increase in the rate of municipal consumption, due to the overall slowdown in domestic consumption of oil, the stage of stock competition, fewer new entrants, food, etc.
With the oil market playing a competitive role, domestic taps will benefit fully from an increase in consumption of oil. The main reasons for this are the following: on the one hand, large-scale companies with the advantage of expanding their capacity will benefit small packagings instead of spill oil consumption; and, on the other hand, as consumer brands raise awareness of quality safety.
In our view, under neutral and optimistic assumptions, it is expected that the company ' s share of the oil-eating market will increase over the next decade to an optimal 3.2-beneficiary product structure, and that the company ' s contribution to the production of the oil will increase from year to year.
(1) Domestic consumption of vegetable oils will increase in a healthy, nutritional, high-end direction, and as people ' s income levels rise and awareness of healthy consumption increases, they will tend to opt for higher, healthier, diversified vegetable oils with higher value added, and the upward trend in consumption is expected to be reconciled from lower prices.
In 2019, the global consumption of vegetable oils accounted for 36.4%, 27.6%, and the share of vegetable oils in the consumption of palm oil and soybean oil, respectively.
13.7 per cent. In 2019, China accounted for 45.3 per cent, 17.9 per cent, 14.9 per cent and 9.3 per cent of soybean oil, vegetableseed oil, palm oil and groundnut oil, respectively, a total of 87.4 per cent, a decrease of 0.7 pct, indicating that the consumption structure of vegetable oil for consumption by Chinese residents was further optimized and diversified.
Depending on the demand for healthy consumption, the domestic consumption of peanut oil and vegetableseed oil has increased. For small domestic packaging, vegetable oils can be divided into soybean oils, modulated oils, vegetable oils, corn oils, sunflower oils, groundnuts, etc. The sale volume of soybean oil, modifiers and oils (in large quantities) is higher than fatty 6 acids.
Soy oil sales declined from 30% to 26% in 2017-2019, and soybean oils from 23% to 20%; higher value added peanut oils and healthier vegetableseed oils increased over the years in terms of sales. In 2017-2019, the price of higher peanut oils rose from 19% to 20%.
In terms of health, nutrition experts generally recommend the choice of low-saturated fats, as well as a good mix of unsaturated fats and saturated fats. In recent years, there has been a gradual increase in demand for the consumption of small-scale special fats.
Chinesedris, in which the intake of fat is recommended: < 10 per cent saturated fatty acid, 10 per cent unsaturated fatty acid, 10 per cent saturated fatty acid, -6/-3 = (4-6): 1 (which gives humans sufficient dha and pa, etc.).
In terms of health indicators for the consumption of vegetable oil, vegetable oils, sunflower oils, corn oils with lower saturated fatty acids, olive oil, vegetableseed oils, peanut oils with higher saturated fatty acids, extra saturated fats for vegetable oils, a relatively good mix of acids.
Experts suggest that consumers choose and often change types in combination with the nutritional characteristics of the various types of food oil, in order to diversify the intake of oil. (2) The company ' s Māori rate of food oil will continue to benefit from the upgrading of products over time.
The company’s new products are healthier, more nutritious, more sophisticated, and consistent with rising domestic consumption trends. From the company’s introduction of the first bottle of small packaging oil in 1991, it promoted a revolution in consumption patterns from bulk oil to small packaging oil.
The company is still developing new products suitable for the Chinese market, matching the upward trend in consumption, which has gradually led to a favourable layout. 1) The company’s healthy nutrition products. With its leading technological advantages and strong research and development capabilities, the company continues to develop new products that are suitable for the Chinese market.
Introduction of innovative products such as gold-based dietary oils, cereal-rich rice oils, corn oils rich in plant syrup, ae nutrient-enhanced soybean oils, fermented noodles, modern-fashioned soybeans powder and fast-food soybean pollen, high-dispersive soybean separation proteins, leading advanced consumption concepts, supporting healthier lives, and providing
Solutions for product transformation and upgrading are constantly promoting innovation in kitchen foods. 2) The company’s high-end products. The company has also developed a number of high-end products in recent years, such as “zero-reverse-fat acid” oils, ancient-law peanut oils, small-scale vegetableseeds from Grandma’s hometown, rice oil, etc.
High-quality, healthy products of special taste are highly recognized by consumers. The product structure of the beneficiaries has been upgraded, and the Māori rate of the company’s oil-eating products has been raised year by year.
As China’s economy develops, and as consumers become more aware of the importance of healthy food, domestic demand for higher-quality, healthier products is growing rapidly. Companies now have smaller, higher-end products in small-packaged oil products.
IV. Long-term perspective 2: The domestic market in packaging rice has nearly tripled in size, the per capita consumption of rice by companies has declined and consumption has risen. Rice and wheat are the main food ration varieties in the country in 2019.
Total domestic food production amounted to 664 million tons, while rice, wheat and maize accounted for 31.6 per cent, 20.1 per cent and 39.3 per cent, respectively. In 2013-2019, per capita food consumption fell from 148.7 to 130.1 kg per person.
Consumption of fruits, vegetables, meat, eggs, milk, and other agricultural products, along with increased consumption of pulses, potatoes, etc. The domestic rice surface shows an upward trend in consumption. Consumption of rice and flour tends to saturate as per capita consumption of food in the country declines; as the standard of living of the population rises, more attention will be paid to the camps for food consumption.
Maintenance and health functions, the consumption of rice and wheat is mainly in the direction of packaging, refining, specialization and branding, with an increasing share of high-end rice and fine flour expected to lead to a trend in food consumption with a variety of high-quality rice, special flour and nutrient-enhanced flour.
4.2 The size of the domestic packaging quality rice market is nearly threefold: (1) per capita rice consumption in the country tends to saturate; domestic rice is largely subsistence-based, with a basic balance between supply and demand. China is the largest rice producer in the world, 2019.
In 2019, production and consumption of rice amounted to 147 million tons and 143 million tons, respectively, and consumption of food rations amounted to 77.3 per cent and net exports of rice amounted to 400,000 tons. Per capita rice consumption in the country tended to saturate.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, rice consumption per capita was 110.8 kg in 2019, a decrease compared to the previous year; we calculated on the basis of rice rations consumption and national population data.
In comparison with Japan and Korea, domestic rice consumption will decline further. According to data from Japan ' s Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Water Production, Japan ' s per capita annual consumption in 2020 was 57.0 kg, a 0.6 yuan decrease from the previous year.
Three-quarters of the kilogram, according to OECD projections, Japan ' s per capita rice consumption will further decline to 51.6 kg in 2028. (2) The domestic consumption of packaged rice is low, and the market size is expected to rise 2.6 times.
The domestic rice market is over $400 billion, and the consumption of packing rice is relatively low. In 2019, the domestic economy consumed 110 million tons of food. As a result of price regulation, we conservatively estimated the average price of rice in the country to be about 4000 billion yuan.
In 2019, the country sold 9.19 million tons of rice, representing only 8 per cent of the rice consumed in rations. The average price of small-packaged rice (5kg) was $6.58 per kilogram, and the size of the domestic market for packing rice was $60.5 billion.
We expect a 2.6-fold increase in the size of the country’s packaging rice market. As the country’s urbanization rate increases, consumer brand security awareness, etc., considering that rice consumption will decline, we are pessimistic, neutral and optimistic about the consumption of rice as compared to the next 10 years.
Under the sexual scenario, domestic consumption of packaged rice increased to 30 per cent over the next 10 years, prices increased by an average of 2 per cent per year, and the domestic market for packaged rice would reach $21.54 billion, a high increase compared to 2019) and the market for high-quality high-end rice was well developed
In recent years, rice consumption, especially high-grade rice consumption, has been increasing. In the current situation in the rice consumption market, it can be classified in terms of quality and accuracy of processing, in terms of high-, medium- and low-grade products and food products for industrial use.
High processing accuracy and the growing market demand for some highly nutritious products. In 2018, the consumption of organic rice as our high-end rice amounted to 1598,000 tons, and in 2011-2018, the annual compound growth rate was 18.4 per cent, organic rice production increased from 0.49 per cent to 1.65 per cent; the market size of organic rice grew from 0.49 per cent to 1.65 per cent.
4.3 As the pace of life accelerates, the domestic market for professional packaging flour is promising: (1) Total domestic flour consumption is on a downward trend. Wheat is the main food crop after rice and maize in the country.
Production grew annually at an average compound annual growth rate of 2.32 per cent; since 2015, the country’s wheat production has been growing at a moderate rate. In 2019, domestic wheat production and consumption amounted to 134 million tons and 126 million tons, respectively, with 72 per cent of domestic wheat rations (policing consumption) consumed, followed by industry and consumption of wheat.
Annual per capita consumption of flour fell from 70 kg/person to 60 kg/person per year. (2) The pace of life has increased and the demand for professional flour in the country has increased.
The content of the matter and the tract that makes up the flour, the higher the protein content, the more the flour is, the more extended and flexible. Depending on the use, flour can be divided into special flour, universal flour and composite powder; it can be divided into high flour, medium flour, low flour.
In recent years, as the country’s population’s consumption structure has been adjusted and health awareness has increased, the demand for high-quality, high-quality flour has grown as fast-paced modern-day food products, such as frozen, fried, boiled and even better bakery products, have developed rapidly industrialization of staple foods.
In 2019, the share of domestic exclusive flour production rose from 17.5 per cent to 29.7 per cent, and the annual compound increase in professional flour was 11.7 per cent, much higher than the overall increase in flour production (0.4 per cent).
As a result of a longer and more secure shelf life, consumers are increasingly inclined to buy packing flour, which, in price terms, is higher than the price of bulk flour, at an average cost of $6.5 per kilogram in 2020, 31 per cent higher than the standard and strong powder of 36 cities, and 18 per cent higher, respectively.
4.4 Corporate rice operations: there is a significant competitive advantage, and there is room for improved city occupancy. The long-term development of company rice operations has not only benefited from an increase in the consumption of rice, but also from an increase in market occupancy, which has shown good development in recent years.
(1) The value of the company's rice business has risen well, and the price of the company's rice business has risen well. According to our calculations, in 2020, the company's rice business, etc., achieved a business income of $31.5 billion, an increase of 15.7 per cent over the previous year; the sales volume was 6.63 million tons, the same amount.
The utilization rate is 86.8% and 76%, respectively, at a relatively high level. As the country’s rice-processing industry moves towards intensification, scale and quality, the company’s rice-surface business has developed well over the long term.
In the future, industries will be able to phase out backward productive capacity through competition, industrial integration, technological upgrading, and competitiveness, and small firms that are less competitive will face the risk of loss or even collapse. For industry leaders, the advantages of size and branding will become more evident, and there will be room for further improvement in corporate-market dominance.
The rice-processing threshold is relatively low and the industry is fragmented. In 2017, there were 3,427 domestic rice businesses, and there are now about 7,000 wheat-based milling companies. The national share of sales through modern channels is 44.9% and 57.3%, respectively, compared to the market of small-packaged kernel oil.
There is still room for upgrading (66.8%). In 2019, companies sold 18.4% of rice and 26.7% of flour, respectively, leading other competitors, but well below the market share of small packaging oil (38.4%), with greater scope for upgrading.
(3) Corporate rice-side business advantages: growing cooperation + storage/processing + logistics costs are low, and in order to better meet the different needs of consumers in a timely manner, companies have also introduced different varieties of high-quality rice products, mainly as a result of the following four competitive advantages:
In terms of cultivation, companies are not directly involved in rice cultivation, but are working with rice breeders to select a few good rice varieties, recommend farming in high-quality production areas, buy out ministries, etc.
In terms of storage, because of the heat and moisture differentials between the north and south of China, rice is prone to molding and requires \diamond pest control, so that most of the company ' s plants use cryogenic storage with low-temperature ladder drying techniques
(b) In processing, companies use moderate processes that are lightly crushed and lightly thrown, as far as possible, to preserve rice nutrition and taste;
In terms of marketing, in terms of plant layout, companies can save logistics costs by using a combination of production and distribution areas, where \diamond fresh rice reaches consumers everywhere in a timely manner.
The company develops a variety of multi-purpose flour products in response to rising consumption trends. Based on the company’s research and development advantages, and through the innovation of the Cooking School of the baking college, it leads advanced consumption concepts, supports healthier living and provides solutions for product transformation and upgrading.
Flour, such as dumplings, pastry with wheat flour, and the development of a variety of healthy hanger products, such as oatmeal with 51% of the barley content, dynamic fermentation with an empty face, etc. Fifthly, long-term point 3: the company will increase the concentration of its domestic spices and feed markets.
5.1 The company ' s connoisseur business: low concentration of industry, new growth in the production performance of new products (1) low per capita consumption of spices in the country, space for doubling, market size for spices exceeding $300 billion, market size for spices, soy sauce, and vinegar.
There are a number of categories, of which flavours, soy sauces, and vinegar are its larger market group, which in 2019 was 15.11 per cent, 10.85 per cent, 4.79 per cent, respectively. In 2012-2019, Chinese per capita consumption of spices in 2020 was about 45 per cent in Japan, the United States, and South Korea, respectively.
(2) The company ' s appetizers are coordinated with food and oil products, soy sauce and vinegar will increase the concentration of the beneficiary industries over the long term, and the company ' s food and oil products have synergies. Because oil, rice, face, etc., are all linked to spices, companies can take advantage of high-quality brand images and extensive distribution network advantages, and companies can pass on them.
In addition to soy sauce and vinegar, the recent introduction of aqueous products such as ailments, wine and so forth, will increase the concentration of the beneficiary industries. In our view, the domestic market for spices is more concentrated than in the domestic market.
Low, companies have a clear positioning of high-quality spices, take advantage of production, R & D, marketing, etc. Differential competition, and remain a market niche in the future.1 The concentration of the soy sauce industry is low, and there is still room for improvement. In 2019, the domestic sauce industry sold cr3
About 28%, with a strong trend, there are still more small- and medium-scale factories and small-scale workshops in the industry. Compared to the Japanese sauce industry, cr3, cr5 sales are 53% and 61% respectively, and there is much room for greater concentration as domestic consumers demand better quality.
The company, in collaboration with Taiwan’s famous brand company, has been producing high-quality black soy sauce for hundreds of years. The company’s soy factory, built in a complex, helps to reduce the cost of manufacturing, and its rice-surface oil sales platform.
Helps the company to promote its products at competitive marketing costs.
The company is now doing well in its business of “ballows” soy sauce. Maru is a professional brand for the company's soy products, with the Golden Dragonfish as a endorsed brand on the product label. The soy sauce is the first on the mainland to be made of black beans, sold in a region that is sold nationally, and sold in retail and catering channels; companies produce it.
After marketing, one-third of the sales started, two-thirds of the bequests went from now to now two-thirds of the sales, and one-third of the bequests. The company is now fully operational in its first phase, is on its way to a second phase of expansion, and in the future the company will decide on the planning of a new plant, taking into account a variety of factors.
2. The vinegar industry has about 25.4% of the sales of cr10, and there is much room for greater concentration in the industry, which will benefit the leader. There are nearly 6,000 vinegar producers, about 70% of them small- and medium-scale, small-scale, and small-scale, less productive, less productive, less innovative products, and less branding, and we believe that brand companies will in the future crowd out the markets of small businesses of this type.
The company's brand name, "Liang Ping" Shanxi Chan Bhai, uses a unique solid-state brewing process as a business entry point. The company's autonomous research and development and design of a solid-state fermented production line, which is fully automated, completely closed production, and has a sense of humor.
Favorite stability, health safety, short fermentation cycles, and cost advantages in solid-state fermentation vinegar. The weight and vinegar quality are inextricably linked, with a 40% increase in traditional larges (wheat, peas) and a certain share of the market.
Corporate products are now sold throughout the country. 5.2 Company for fodder raw materials business: increasing concentration of beneficiary downstream feed businesses over the long term (1) Company for feed raw materials business has a significant competitive advantage
The company has a country-wide supply production network, a rich product structure, a large cost advantage, and benefits from direct sales. The company now has a high market share in the field of feed raw materials, thanks mainly to the public sector’s nationwide production and supply networks, which can respond quickly to market demand, while integrating the advantages of the enterprise community.
In addition, the company is one of the largest feed suppliers in the country, with a variety of products such as soybean, feed-grade enriched protein, fermented beans, inflated soybeans, rice bean, platinum, cucumber, coconut platinum, palm.
The supply advantages of the company’s raw feed are expected to increase further as the production of mills, flour mills, rice mills, etc.
(2) Increased concentration of downstream feed companies and long-term benefits from company feed raw material operations 2017 - 2020: more than 100,000 tons of feed production plants increased from 575 to 749 in the country and production increased from 98 million to 134 million tons, with an average compound growth rate of 8 per cent per year, higher than industry growth rate
5.3 Firmly growing demand for fat technology, kitchen day-to-day products of concern (1) Domestic fatty acids, steady growth in glycerine demand
The main raw materials for oil-based chemical products are palm syrup, and the world’s palm oil producers are mainly located in Indonesia and Malaysia, where the demand for fatty acids and glycerine is growing steadily throughout the world. The company’s fat technology business is dominated by robust demand in the industry.
In recent years, the fatty acid industry has grown faster as the use of fatty acids has expanded, and the demand for products such as solarization and personal care has grown. The supply of fatty acid in our country has grown from 1.56 million tons in 2014 to 2.13 million tons in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate.
8 per cent. The domestic supply of glycerine rose from 350,000 tons in 2014 to 470,000 tons in 2018, with an average annual compound growth rate of 7.1 per cent. Domestic imports were dominated by rough glycerine, with a cumulative total of 239,000 glycerine imports in 2018.
The daily cooking product of the company’s kitchen is of interest.
The company’s solarization, representing 100 products of pure product, is a vegetable fat product that is healthy and environmentally friendly, and the company’s ability to promote it among consumers and restaurant customers, using a good rice-surface marketing network, deserves attention. Sixthly, long-term perspective 4: the company’s central kitchen business is expected to inject a new dynamic of performance growth.
6.1 Central Kitchen Profile (1) Central Kitchen Concept & Classification Central Kitchen Profile: Central Kitchen refers mainly to centres for the distribution of centralized meals, with the main task of passing through the sign
The central kitchen can be divided according to business style: the conglomerate, fast food chain, the boiler chain, and the central kitchen.
Depending on the market structure of the central kitchen in the country, it can be divided into catering chains, group catering, third-party models, which account for 61.40%, 20.30% and 8.80%, respectively.
The central kitchen is the core of the link between the production of raw materials at the front end and the supply of semi-finished or finished products at the back end.
The value of raw material suppliers, agents, central kitchens, distribution channels, central kitchens is in terms of time, labour, money, value added, quality of goods and consistency in health standards. The greatest difficulties currently encountered in the catering sector are high rents and manual labour.
Instability of products due to high costs, high mobility, etc., makes it difficult to satisfy consumers, and the central kitchen can provide customization, scale, standardized products and meet growing consumer demand. 6.2 The central kitchen will benefit from the rapid development of the market for prefabricated vegetables.
The main difference between the market for the consumption of prefabricated vegetables and the market for the domestic development of domestic prefabricated vegetables (semi-finished) and the central kitchen demand is that they pass through the central kitchen.
In 2019, Chinese households consumed half-finished vegetables on a scale of roughly the same size as Japanese households in 2004.
(b) Three factors drive the development of the market for the consumption of prefabricated vegetables (1) The epidemic changes consumption habits and catalyses the development of the market for prefabricated vegetables.
Fears about the safety of selling and eating meals abroad have led to a tendency to buy prefabricated vegetables for simple single-processing, changing consumer habits before, and acting as a catalyst for the consumption of prefabricated vegetables. According to data taken from the electric platform, sales of prefabricated vegetables and fast-food products are growing faster.
Cat data, sales of prefabricated vegetables have increased by 111% on a year-on-year basis, and sales of new and convenient fast foods, such as self-heating pots, have increased 2) as the income of the population has increased, and the pace of life has increased, consumer acceptance of prefabricated vegetables has increased.
In view of the ease of food, greater attention is being paid to food taste, green health, and the increased demand for easy foods for health, hygiene, and nutrition will also contribute to an increase in the number of prefabricated vegetables in the domestic consumption market. In 2013-2019, the per capita consumption of food items for the country’s population was estimated at $4126.7.
3) Increased capacity for cold-chain logistics, which allows companies to increase radiation exposure. Around 2000, the country has seen the emergence of semi-finished vegetable production companies that, through further processing of raw materials, such as meat and aquaculture, offer a variety of products that are more abundant than net food and further streamline the cooking chain of their customers, but at a very early stage.
In the early stages of development, the semi-finished vegetable industry was characterized by a small distribution area, a large number of enterprises and a low concentration, and a small number of enterprises of more than size within the industry, which did not spread widely, with the development of the fast-free technology, the storage time for the semi-finished dish was greatly prolonged.
The spread of cold-chain transport vehicles has significantly reduced the cost of logistics delivery for companies, and the radiation exposure of companies has increased. In 2019, the country had approximately 21.47 million refrigerated trucks of core transport equipment for cold-chain logistics, larger than the same market of 6.3 regiments, and the advantages of central kitchen development were highlighted.
(1) The size of the domestic food market in 2019 amounted to $1.5 trillion.
Provision of catering products and on-site services, with essentially the same pattern, standards, operating rights, etc. during the contract cycle. From 2016 to 2019, the size of the domestic food market grew from $9 trillion to $1.5 trillion, with a yearly average of (2) the advantages of a central kitchen catering operation are highlighted
The central kitchen food chain is retraced and safe. Communions, because of their size and the high quality requirements for food safety, have the advantage of the central kitchen participation in the food chain.
Quality control is guaranteed in the central kitchen. With efficient processing equipment, the central kitchen can better provide high-quality, intensive, informative meals, and by constantly promoting cold-temperature locks.
The central kitchen can give the condo a higher value for money. The central kitchen is not limited to students.
It also includes other catering operations such as nutritious meals, business establishments, writing houses, and meals in other groups, as well as round-the-clock meals in the form of fast-food meals, including through convenience stores. Central kitchens, with large-scale centralized purchases, concentrate processing, can provide value for money compared to small- and medium-sized catering businesses.
6.4 The demand of a large number of small and medium-sized catering enterprises will facilitate the development of the central kitchen by third parties (1) Third-party substitute food products will have four advantages: Third-party enterprises will procure raw materials in bulk and will be more powerful in the procurement of food and logistics transport
(b) Third-party swinging of raw materials for the factory is better than for a single restaurant, more secure for refrigeration and logistics transport, \diamond
Fresher and safer food: Standardized production processes for factories to ensure a stable food taste: \diamond
The central kitchen is now available mainly in smaller chains of large-scale restaurants.
According to the Chinese Cooking Association, in 2019, 100% of all restaurants were fed.
The total operating income of $327.38 billion, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same year, represents a 2 per cent increase in the market for meals of $4.7 trillion) compared to the larger demand for secondary and secondary meals for third parties, which will facilitate the development of the central kitchen of third parties. Many small and medium-sized catering businesses compete independently in the market and fail to scale up their operations.
There are obvious pains in the catering industry as a result of the high costs in the supply chain, cost structures, standardization, etc.
In 2020, our catering income reached $3.95 trillion, a 16.6 per cent decline in the same year. This has accelerated the transition to digitalization, chaining, and retailing of the catering industry.
According to the Chinese Hotel Association ' s Annual Report on the Chinese Catering Industry 2019, the average human cost of the regular catering industry accounts for the average labour cost.
The operating income ratio reached 22.41 per cent and the rental cost ratio 10.26 per cent. 6.5 The company ' s central kitchen model has a strong competitive edge, with good prospects for construction projects (1) The company ' s central kitchen business model is more competitive
The central kitchen sector has a lower average profitability and nearly 30% of the losses of the business. The central kitchen is a major asset investment, with higher costs in terms of capital and time, from construction to production, often posing greater operational risks to the catering industry.
Businesses are generally less profitable, with an average profit rate of 3.33% and nearly 30% of businesses are losing. About 70% of brand names have been created for less than 10 years, brand values are generally low, and markets are less competitive.
We believe that, in the future, as large central kitchen projects with significant competitive advantages are phased in, they will crowd out the market share of small and medium-sized central kitchens, industry concentration, and profitability. Depending on the existing complex, the company’s central kitchen operations will have significant cost advantages and profitability values.
The company’s integrated plants are better deployed throughout the country, allowing for the addition of central kitchen projects to existing production bases, thus creating strong integration advantages and competitiveness in land resources, raw materials procurement, product research and development, processing manufacturing, logistics distribution, marketing channels, and, I, the company’s strong branding power,
The company’s central kitchen garden is a brand-new model, with greater profitability. The company will fully benefit from the advantages of cost, collection, efficiency, and taste to build its own model of central kitchens.
In addition, the company plans the layout of the park, the fun site, the location of the function, the equipment upgrade preset, the introduction of different types of strategic partners, branding and marketing will take into account the changes in market dynamics at a later stage, industrial linkages and the expansionability of the process, especially given that the company ' s central kitchen model is more profitable:
The company’s central kitchen product may cover the range of nutritious meals, ready-to-use products and other products of high quality and semi-finished food products, as well as the construction of a full-grown groceries from source to table. Accompaniment services are provided. Customers in the company’s campus can not only share public goods.
The company obtains rent through the provision of premises, etc., for well-developed accompanied services such as facilities, sewage treatment equipment, boiler equipment, R & D rooms, testing rooms, office areas, etc.
Companies can provide value-added services such as logistics transport, distribution channels, central procurement services by distributors.
(2) The company's ongoing construction of the central kitchen will be gradually operational and expected to contribute to performance Building on existing integrated plants, the company is expected to significantly develop the central kitchen business and make a performance contribution over time We believe that the company can rely on the current integrated plant of its current size, taking advantage of the combined cost competitive advantage, and making use of the combined cost of the complex.
In response to the country's trend towards a healthy industry, active investment is being made in the Central Kitchen Project, which is designed to meet the country's needs for nutrition, diversification and personalization of healthy and functional foods. In the future, several central kitchen projects will be added to enhance performance.
The company's construction of the Central Kitchen Project, which is expected to contribute 30 billion yuan in industrial output after delivery, is expected to occur after 2023. Four central kitchens are currently under construction, located in Chongqing, Shaanxi Heingping, Hebeigang Province, and Zhejiang Hang County.
The Qing Park project, which is mainly based on the optimized production chain of the fire pot industry, is expected to be launched in December 2021: the first phase of the Xingping Park Park Project is planned to be completed in the first half of 2022.
(i) Short-term government temporary price regulation is unlikely to trigger inflation, which we believe will be managed when prices in the domestic food and oil market are rising significantly, with a greater impact on consumer spending in daily life.
Prior to the government’s temporary price control, the country’s cpi and cpi consumption oils increased significantly during the same month and year before the end of 2006-2008. In January 2008, the Commission published the Implementation Approach to Temporary Price Interventions for Selected Key Goods and Services.
Since then, the country’s cpi consumption of oil has been generally less volatile than that of cpi in the same month. Short-term increases in consumption oil are unlikely to trigger inflation management.
The cpi acceleration will be subject to a fall in the price of a pig, plus a weight of about 1% for oil and fat, with a limited impact on domestic inflation and little chance of triggering temporary government control. Optimizing about government temporary price control.
The Division’s short-term profits have had a negative impact, but because of low or stable price increases and high value for money, branding will be extended and, with the withdrawal of losses for SMEs, the market share will increase. In 2010-2012, the price of cooking oil was temporarily regulated, and the volume of company sales increased significantly.
In January 2011, many small- and medium-scale oil factories were shut down, and the sale of small-package oil in Hae-Gari “was increased”, more than double the same amount, at a loss of nearly $900 million. In July 2012, the National Development Commission (NDRC) made its second “approx.”
To speak of the Chinese food and Jae-Gari, it is hoped that the two giants will be able to stabilize domestic prices of cooking oil, and that they will be granted a certain subsidy, requiring a system for reporting prices of cooking oil, thereby monitoring the prices of consuming oil. Thus, the country’s cpi consumption oils fluctuated on the same month, on the whole, less than the cpi.
(2) There is still room for price increases for retail oil products, which companies do not follow after price increases prior to spring. Soybean raw materials still appear to be under pressure to improve their performance.
The main reason is that soybean prices are expected to remain high. Since the second half of 2020, international soybeans have started to rise, with a discount price of $4512 per ton for domestic imports of soybean cnf and an average price of $4,286.8 per ton.
The United States Department of Agriculture reported lower-than-anticipated cultivation intentions as Argentina experienced lower-than-anticipated production due to dry weather. The consumption of soybean oil by biofuel producers will be adjusted and the demand for soybeans will increase, together with a gradual recovery in domestic farm demand, and domestic soybean prices are expected to remain high.
The second is that the retail price of soybeans was much higher than that of soybean oil. The average retail price of soybean oil rose by 2.2 per cent in 2020, and as of 4 June 2021, the price of peanut butter for domestic soybean oils was higher.
The average retail prices ofseed oils, modulated oils and soybean oils are $28.16, 15.64, respectively, and the company will start three projects a year, with an estimated combined annual average income of $10.25 billion and a total annual net profit of $290 million.
In addition to the above-mentioned processes, the production process for small and medium-packaged food oils includes, for example, the preparation of the oil.
In 2019, under the influence of the African pigpest, the demand for fodder was reduced, companies reduced soybean presses outside, and in 2017-2018, companies used about 80% of their production capacity and were largely saturated. In 2020, the differences between public companies ' refining and pressurizing production capacity led companies to buy oil out, and companies ' pressure production capacity was inadequate.
The company buys extra soybeans for refining and filling. The company buys more than $50 billion per year, sells more than $30 billion per year, and the company buys more than $20 billion per year. Due to the company’s insufficient capacity to pressurize production, the company purchases and sells products directly to suppliers.
In the case of sales, there was a higher volume of product sales than in the case of production. Between 2017 and 2020, the production and sales of company kitchen products varied by 203/300/406/307 million, respectively.
Seasonal consumption and the impact of consumers on fresh quality requirements for kitchen foods, while avoiding higher storage costs due to the high stock of finished products over time, are usually relatively low in the use of daytime plants, and companies need to do so before the holiday seasons such as Mid-Autumn, National Day and Spring Day arrives.
Adequate capacity to cope with the peak production period. Thus, the company-owned plants could not operate at the maximum design capacity of the plant throughout the year, resulting in lower capacity utilization in some of the plants throughout the year. 2017 - The company ' s additional capacity for cooking oil is mainly based on pressurized capacity. At the end of 2020, the company ' s oil pressurized, refined, refined, and refined oil.
The construction cycle of the company ' s fund-raising project, which is mostly 24 months, is expected to result in additional oil pressurized, oil refined and packaged with an annual capacity of 5.76 million tons, 2.29 million tons and 2.34 million tons, respectively, in the post-natal period.
(3) The capacity of the company to process rice and spices will continue to grow, and the capacity of the company to process rice will continue to grow. In 2020, the company ' s capacity to process wheat and rice will be reduced to 56.27 million tons and 877,000 tons, respectively.
The company’s traditional spices include sesame oil, pepper oil, sesame sauce, etc.
One of the largest feed raw material suppliers is a variety of products, including: soybean, feed-grade enriched protein, fermented beans, swelling soybeans, rice bean, platinum, platinum, platinum, coconut platinum, palm platinum, corn protein powder, cereal powder, and feed oil. In particular, company feed-related fund-raising projects amount to post-partum inflating soybeans, beans, etc.
7.3 The company ' s feed raw material operations will continue to benefit from the restoration of pig production capacity in the short term (1) The company ' s feed raw materials and fat technology operations increased their prices by 2020.
Suburban pig farming, which benefits from the company's feed raw materials, has experienced a steady increase in the demand for it. (2) Business performance of the company's feed raw materials will continue to benefit from the resumption of pig production in the first quarter of 2021.
We believe that, as downstream pig farming recovers, there will be an increase in demand for feed raw materials, which in turn will support the company’s short-term growth in its performance.
In 2020, as the impact of the epidemic subsided, there was an increase of 71.8 per cent to 410 million per year, while in the same year there was an increase of 10.4 per cent to 253 million tons per year. By species, the increase was 89,225,000 tons per year.
During the year, it is expected that pig production will return to normal levels in the second half of the year, further increasing the demand for fodder. The recovery in demand for fodder products has led to the development of the feed raw material industry.
In addition, in recent years, soybeans have been widely used in aquaculture. Between 2008 and 2019, the country ' s total supply of soybeans has been restored annually.
The combined growth rate was 6.3 per cent; the total consumption of soybean beans in 2019 was approximately 76.25 million tons, and in 2008-2019, the negative impact of the 7.4 sets on company performance was expected to fade over time.
The prices of company raw materials are based on the prices of domestic and international commodity markets, in which the prices of agricultural products, such as soybeans, fluctuate as a result of a combination of factors such as climate, natural disasters, global supply and demand, policy regulation, tariffs, domestic and foreign market conditions and trade friction.
The company determines the quantity and timing of purchases of raw materials based on its own orders, and uses the soybean and palm oil futures contract to manage the commodity price risk to its holdings of soybean and palm oil products as a way of avoiding the burden of stock prices arising from fluctuations in soybean and palm oil market prices.
Risks of change in value. Through qualitative analysis, the company determines the number of hedging tools versus the number of hedged items at 1:1 and the ratio of imported soybeans to futures at 0.85:1-0.9:1. (2) The negative impact of gains and losses on the performance of the company resulting from financial instruments will be diluted
In 2020, as a result of a mismatch in the accounting period, the fair value change gain contributed to the net profit level of the company. In 2020, the fair value change gain for the company (-1259 million yuan) was affected by the rise in soybeans prices.
Fair value is measured and changes are factored into current gains and losses, while transactions with them are recognized only when the transaction takes place, thus reducing the net profit level of the company due to a mismatch in the accounting period. Financial indicators related to corporate derivatives of financial instruments improved in the January 2021 report.
Debt falls. When a derivative financial instrument has a negative fair value on the balance sheet date, it is a derivative that contributes to profits. In the first quarter of 2021, the return on fair value changes in companies were $572 million, mainly in the form of unrealized gains and losses on financial instruments, increasing the net profit level of companies.
Two financial indicators of instrumental gains and losses - investment gains and fair value changes - totaled (-4.96 billion) in sales revenue: according to our projections, in 2021-2023, the sales share of the company ' s kitchen food business sales: in 2020, the sales volume of the company ' s kitchen food sales was 1.933 million tons, an increase of 3.5%.
Sale price: In 2020, the company ' s kitchen food sales price was $6058.6 per ton, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same year. The grids increased by 6.5 per cent, 5 per cent and 4 per cent, respectively; kitchen food sales prices, such as rice, increased by 2 per cent, respectively) for feed raw materials and for fat technology.
Sales: In 2020, sales of company feed raw materials and fat technology amounted to 2,516,000 tons, 12.6 per cent more than the same year, taking into account the pig cycle, the speed at which the company is able to produce and the gradual increase in downstream concentration, we expect the company ' s central kitchen project to be based on the progress of the company ' s central project and the expected value of its industrial production.
Gradual contributions will be made in 2022-2023, but due to the company ' s current limited disclosure of data, and due to prudence, we expect that the Māori rate of the company ' s kitchen food operations will continue to grow year by year, respectively, taking into account the company ' s historical data, and are expected to manage rates and sales costs as the level of corporate concentration increases.
We value companies using the fcff method, with a 20-year transition period with an average annual increase in equity free cash flow of 13.4 per cent, assuming a cost of 7.4 per cent and a cost of 6.77 per cent, conservatively, we value the company ' s success as a domestic kitchen food platform with long-term replicable oil.
The company’s efforts to develop products such as rice, spices, and other products that are less concentrated in large markets, such as displays, and the central kitchen operations that have a wide market space, will give impetus to performance growth. For the first time, we cover, together, to give companies an “enhanced” rating.
Food safety and quality control risks Company products need to be transported, stored, placed on the shelf to reach the end consumer, although the company has taken strict control of the raw materials procurement, production processing, marketing, etc.
Measures that still do not completely exclude the possibility of food safety incidents arising from inappropriate disposal by the subject concerned have a negative impact on the brand image of the company and on the sale of related products.
In order to effectively mitigate the unwelcome impact of factors such as the price of company raw materials and exchange rate fluctuations on the company’s performance, the company uses financial derivatives such as futures, forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge. While hedging can help the company to shift and avoid price risks, the company is undertaking hedging operations.
At the same time, there are risks inherent in hedging transactions, such as base spread risk, insufficient financial risk of futures transactions, risk of futures transactions that deviate from the purpose of hedging, and the risk of large inventory balances.
The company's inventory is mainly raw materials and stock commodities, taking into account the impact of the spring season consumption season. The company has a large stock balance. The company's keeping a certain stock can guarantee stability in its production operations, but if there is a significant decline in the flow of raw materials, stock or bad sales of its products, the company fails to do so.
From open compliance channels, the report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the findings are not subject to any triad approval or influence. No part of his remuneration is, is not, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, in line with the specific recommendations or views in the present report.