There has been a significant recovery in the second quarter of operations, with a further increase in the proportion of autonomous brands. The second quarter has seen a rapid recovery and further increases in profitability.
Design, development, production (in the form of commissioning) and marketing of smart hardware such as robots, the main products of which are custom-made brands for millet, "Mimi Smart Sweeper", "Mimi Handheld Wireless Dust", and their own brands "Stony Smart Sweeper" and "Wadji".
In the first half of 2020, companies gradually expanded their own brand sales channels and increased brand promotion, increasing their own brand sales from 57.00 per cent to 86.25 per cent, compared to the previous year.
High, so while the impact of a reduction in rice-scaved robot orders has led to a decline in corporate operating income, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) Stone technology (688169) First quarter revenue end
In January-June 2020, the company sold 965,660 land-scavening robots, which were affected by the epidemic and increased profitability.
In terms of profit margins, the corporate q2 combined Māori rate was 50.63 per cent, an increase of 16.77 ptt, a net profit rate of 28.72 per cent, an increase of 8.95 pt, an increase of 8.95 pt, and a technology-based increase in the Māori ratio of autonomous brands.
In the domestic market, companies continue to enrich product types, continue to map multi-profiling products, and continue to increase market influence through new products, while on the other side, companies continue to increase their own branding and promotion, trying to reconcile it with higher domestic visibility.
In overseas markets, companies focus on developing markets in the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, using potential market size and high value for money products. Companies are developing global distribution networks, covering countries and regions where they have established operations, and with significant but significant demand.
At the same time, companies are gradually setting up local branches and offices in major overseas markets to improve market position and provide better after-sales services. Companies have now established overseas companies in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, etc.)
In terms of team-building, the firm has further deepened the combination of external recruitment and in-house training, has accelerated the stocking of high-end talent in a number of fields, including product development and marketing, and has stepped up the recruitment of researchers and professionals, such as software, hardware, and marketing professionals.
In the second quarter, there was a significant recovery in business, a further increase in the proportion of autonomous brands and t7pro. The addition of an artificial intelligence module in t7pro significantly improved the intelligence of the sweeper machine. In the development of commercial cleaning robotic products, the project was mainly in the company’s present state.
Based on the power of home-based smart-scanning robotic technology and research and development, through the acquisition of research and development (R & D) equipment for site and hardware and software research and development, the expansion of research and development teams to develop commercial clean robot products, the development of smart clean robots for commercial markets, and the taking of market pre-empts.
The smart company data platform development project aims to enhance the user ' s real-time viewing and operational ease of information on networked products by developing a stone smart company data platform to create intelligent operating links between household and smart clearing robots and other object networking devices.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report