Nathda (002180): Corporate performance maintenance Nathda ' s performance forecast shows a steady growth of the company in 2019. Gross operating income achieved in 2019
The company is an integrated circuit chip that develops, designs and feeds $23,245 million, an increase of 6.01 per cent over the same period last year; operating profits of $1,210 million, an increase in production and sales over the same period last year, with lasers and inkjets printed for consumption.
On the basis of this, the printer industry represents a net profit of $734 million for future high-tech shareholders, a decrease of 22.81 per cent over the same period last year.
The decline in net profits was due mainly to the fact that the LCL was affected by the US tax policy in 2018, which increased the number of design firms that were currently owned, and the net profits of shareholders in global utility companies, which were about 256 million yuan, largely eliminated in 2019.
The company's acquisition of the LCL has led to a complete industry chain layout of printers, a core of printer-related chips and appliance business for the next three to six months.
In the area of chips, the company has printer mastered soc chips, printer general consumption chip and object network chips, the market size of the generic chip is about 2 billion, with Nastya accounting for 70% of the top. In the area of consumables, Nastya is 17%, an absolute domestic leader.
In the area of the chain of operations, the company ' s main business is printer consumption (which has been presented separately previously), printer upholstery and various printing accessories and printing management and services, where the company is in the lead in the country. In 2019, the production business and the Liam printer business continued to improve, and the chip business remained robust.
On the other hand, the business module has continued to grow well. In 2019, the Nestda common consumption grew significantly above the industry level, and sales revenue is expected to increase by 14 per cent over the same period. On the chip business, the business module operates in a robust state, with a steady increase in chip output: the total number of chips delivered is about 370 million, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period;
Of these, in 2019, 32 high-end mcu chips produced 213 million, an increase of 188 per cent over the same year. In the LCL ' s printing machine business, the business module continued to operate well, with a significant increase in total profits: printer sales increased by 7 per cent compared to 7 per cent, the growth rate of which was among the highest in the global market.
Research assistant: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Nastya Co. Ltd. (stock code: 002180), China’s listed company, 500, dedicated to the printing industry for 20 years, excellent imaging.
According to the company’s semi-annual report of 2019, the company’s first shareholder, 53.03% of the shares were in the company’s stock.
Wang Dong Ying, Li Dong Fei, Sunyang Yun, through Chuhai Heung-hyeong-seok Technology Ltd., has real control over the limited ownership of the printing technology in Joohai Sena. Figure 1: Corporate equity structure
(a) Historical evolution: the company has been restructured through several intra-industry M&As, which have led to the layout of the entire industry chain of printers: the company was formed in 2000 and entered into the ink business; and the consumption-compatible chip was successfully developed in 2002 for the full-scale roll-out of the chip business;
In 2014, the company's predecessor, Alpaike Technology Ltd., was listed through Shellhead Manda Electric Co. Ltd.; In June 2015, Nasda acquired the United States consumer scc (staticcontrol Corporation) in cash and became a global consumer.
In 2016, Nasda's joint acquisition of the U.S. middle-end laser printer brand, Lexmark, greatly expanded the company's business model.
In March 2017, the company acquired three common-use producers: Joo Hae-wei, Joo Hae-hye and Jin-ja in Joo, further consolidating the company’s leading position in the domestic printer industry: the sales of the Alliance’s es business in July 2017:
In April 2019, the company acquired 10% of the shares in the image of Syndicate Printers, Inc. Figure 2: The company's development history has created a whole industry chain layout of Chips - Parts and Components - Printer Equipment - Printing Management Services.
Table 1: Company business details
The printing business has an absolute share in the company’s business, followed by the production of raw materials and software management. The printing business has reached 65% in recent years, and the consumption business has reached more than 10% in 2017, with software management accounting for 11.51% and a decrease of 7.01% in 2018.
The known revenue was $23,245 million, an increase of 6.01 per cent, a net return to the mother of $734 million, a decrease of 22.81 per cent, and a steady increase in revenue.
In terms of cost rates, three major cost rates (research and development costs included in management costs) shifted to a high point in 2016, and then the source of Eastern financial prosperity.
The company’s major printer operations were as follows: in 2009, Sena Tech (the major shareholder of the now listed company Nastya) successfully developed a map laser printer. (Closing the China void, making China the fourth country in the world to have core laser printer technology after Chimi, Japan, and Korea)
In 2016, the company acquired U.S. printer Lexmark (Libranch). In the first half of 2019, there were 483,000 shipments, an increase of 57%.
Laser printers, print consumables, and components, software, and services. The LA’s product lines and technologies are mature, provide excellent service, and have a greater reputation worldwide.
The acquisition of the LCL will generate greater synergy. First, the company will be able to cut through the low-end printer market in high schools and increase its market share; second, with the LCL’s international influence, the company will be able to take an important step in internationalization; and, third, the vast capacity of the LCL and the company’s own map, the printer’s huge capacity, which will drive the chip and the output of the waste material, will lead to the overall development of the entire business chain.
In 2019, the LCL printer business continued to operate well, with a significant increase in total profits: printer sales grew by 7 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The rate of growth was among the highest in the global market. The rate of growth in consumer revenues was 4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the rate of growth was among the highest in the global market. In 2019, adverse factors such as the Chinese-American trade war, increased tariffs, and exchange rate fluctuations in Europe and South America were expected to have a significant negative impact on LC revenues and profits.
In 2018, the LCL was affected by the United States tax regime, which increased the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies by about $256 million, and in 2019, table 3: Changes in and implications of the company's pre- and post-acquisition business of the LCL.
Nasda (002180): Corporate performance is stable, and opportunities are balanced. Nasda has three chip design companies: Hangzhou SokatoTech, Espik Electronics and staticalcontrol (ssc). The types of chips involved include printer-controlled soc chip and spent chip.
Systemonchip, or soc, is a chip integration at the heart of the information system that integrates key parts of the system into a chip. The company’s printer-controlled soc chip operation, which is divided under the name of Espike, is mainly for the company’s Mercedes printer, which is currently in the lead market in the global industry.
The print-out chip can be divided into the original print-out chip and the common print chip. The former is the same as the printer's brand. The latter is a generic consumption chip suitable for certain printer models. Currently, the global print-out chip market is about $2 billion, or 1:4. The domestic market is about $3.5 billion, of which the generic chip market is about $2 billion, with Nasda accounting for 70 per cent.
The chip business in 2019: the business module is operating in a robust state. The chip output has grown steadily, with a total of about 370 million chips coming out, an increase of 15 per cent in the same year; of these, 213 million pieces of high-end mcu chips came out in 2019, an increase of 188 per cent in the same year; 32 tons of mcu from the non-print industry, an increase of about 27 million, an increase of 759 per cent in the same year.
There has been a steady rise in the rate of occupancy, and sales revenues have remained almost the same as the same period last year. As a result of strong local competition in the market, prices have fallen and profits have been affected.
The pattern of the domestic print consumer market is very fragmented, with a top3 ratio of only 24%. Second, the ratio of the third largest producer is only 4% and 3%, yet Nastha’s 17% is an absolute domestic leader.
In 2019, the waste business: the business module continued to operate well. As a global market competition in the utility industry, Nasda, as a global market leader, grew at a far higher rate in 2019 because of its proprietary technological advantages, product quality advantages, and market dominance.
Far above industry levels, sales revenue is expected to increase by 14 per cent over the same period.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings Printer operations are not expanding as expected; printers are being nationalized as expected
East Hing Stock Exchange Report (002180): Corporate performance remains stable and development balance takes on opportunities.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Wang Kenhui, has created values for research and research in industry.
High growth areas such as retail, ott, research assistant profile Chen Xiaobo
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Report (002180): Corporate performance is stable, development balanced to meet opportunities, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions are in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.