In the first half of 2021, the company made a profit of 100 million yuan, an increase of 32.85 per cent; in the second half of 2021, the weight machine generated a revenue of 22,676 million yuan, an increase of the same value.
Machinery is a real income of 1.736 billion yuan, a significant increase of 397.95% over the same period.
Exports grew by more than 52.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis. \triangleright prices rose; by sub-products, concrete machinery Māori was 24.94 per cent, a decrease of 2.77 ptt from the same year;
The lower than Māori rate was due mainly to the impact of the first half of the year, which was marked by lower cost rates, better control over accounts receivable and a significant increase in net cash flows from operating activities. As of the second quarter of 2021, corporate accounts receivable stood at $44.606 billion, an increase of 56.10 per cent over the same period.
A slightly higher rate of income growth, with accounts receivable controlled within reasonable limits, indicates that the company is still under strict control of purchases Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company's net profits to be \triangleright from 2021 to 2023, respectively
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Luang Jing, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, formerly a journalist at the Xinhua Society's Shanghai branch and responsible for research in the mechanical equipment industry at the China Xinjiang Investment Securities Research and Development Centre. Liu Chongwu, Master of Materials Engineering at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, formerly researched in the mechanical equipment industry at the Financial Xinhua Securities Research and Development Centre
Liu Dao, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2017 as part of a non-relationship, non-relationship, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.