In the event of a semi-annual report of 2021 issued by the Central ICU, the company achieved business income of $42,449 million, with Huang Xiu Yo.
The net profit of $4,542 million from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of listed companies is the same as the growth of Liu Hengwen's fists and potential business breakthroughs.
By product category, cranes have increased by 47.84 per cent on a year-to-year basis, vehicle cranes have continued to maintain market dominance, the scale of production and sale of cranes has been improved and the domestic market has been ranked first in the industry; concrete machinery has increased by 32.85 per cent on a year-to-year basis, and concrete machinery has increased by 32.85 per cent on a long-arm pump, vehicle pump, blending station market share
Firmly pursuing a global strategy of “localization” and continuing high growth in overseas markets. Firmly implementing a global strategy of “localization” to deepen the market with localized teams, utilizing localized talent, resources, and resources.
Operating model to accelerate localization of sales, operations and functional support teams. In the first half of the year, out-of-sea market receipts increased by 52.28 per cent. The company signed an export order with Turkey for the tracked crane, breaking the global high-end market for the tracked cranes; the network of high-altitude machine agents has reached five continents around the world.
Key markets, building blocks for “agents + large customers + end-users” in key market countries and regions, global distribution networks and service points gradually established; European factories officially inaugurated in Italy, roe (ttm)
The construction and sale of towers, auto cranes, high-altitude operating machines in local production and marketing contributed to the expansion of the agricultural machinery industry at the highest price ($) in December, which accelerated the transformation and upgrading of the agro-mechanical industry and produced a great deal of intelligent manufacturing.
Billion dollars, or 52.34 per cent more than the previous year. The commercialization of the iIntelligent Farmer has accelerated and the reliability of products such as wheat harvesters, dumpers, sugar cane machines and so on has been improved; the company’s share in the domestic market of wheat mills, dryers, swingers, bundlers, dumpers has remained in the forefront.
To speed up the application of the 5g+Industrial Internet, to expand mobile business scenario applications, to launch a new generation of digital research and development platforms, and to improve the efficiency of research and development. Companies have made new breakthroughs in the development of smart green products. In the first half of 2021, 30 new energy engineering and mechanical products were developed.
The dollar, 1.45 dollars, or eight times, seven times and six times. We believe that the company’s cranes, concrete machines are core competitive, and earth machinery is in the vanguard of the industry.
Engineering and machinery products will contribute to the growth of corporate revenue. Sustained growth in corporate income abroad depends on the company’s global strategy, adding factors such as the upgrading and intelligence of corporate products and the digital transformation, and the consolidation of the public sector’s future niche and the maintenance of recommended ratings.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.