Box products continue to do well, potential business and overseas markets Industry classification: Engineering machinery is attributed to the parent company's net profit of $4.850 billion, an increase of 20.70 per cent.
Box products continue to perform well, with potential breakthroughs. Companies insist on high-quality economics, with 40,426 million yuan in sales of engineering machinery products in the first half of the year, representing an increase of 47.80 per cent. 1) orders and orders for core products such as concrete machinery, engineering cranes and construction cranes.
Sales have continued to grow, with concrete machinery operating operating at a turnover of €, or 47.84 per cent over the reporting period. (2) In potential operations, soil machinery structures have been reduced by their own means, the product spectra have been more comprehensive and the market share has steadily increased, with a steady increase in the reporting period.
2021h1roe p(ttm) pb(lf)
The short-term Māori rate has fallen and the net operating cash flow has been the highest in the same period. The Māori rate for corporate engineering and machinery operations has declined as a result of higher prices for upstream materials such as steel, oil, etc. The Māori rate for engineering machinery, agricultural machinery and financial services was 24.73 per cent during the reporting period (-
Commodity prices are stable, industrial Internet transition is well under way, and corporate Māori rates are expected to improve. Companies have maintained an active business policy and sound financial plans to achieve high-quality development, with net cash flows from corporate business activities increasing by $4.13 billion over the same period, compared to the same period.
179.19%, the best in recent years, further stifling the firm's steady and sustained growth of intelligent manufacturing into fast lanes and breaking out of high-end markets overseas. Firms speed up the intellectual upgrading of manufacturing, smart parks, smart factories, smart production lines, etc.
In the second phase of the launch of the towering smart factory, a “smart factory”, two “lighthouse cars”, three “intelligent repositories” and four “black light production lines” were created. The company continued to push ahead with the advanced technology of intelligent manufacturing, which covered more than 50 industries with a full manufacturing process.
On overseas markets, the Department focuses on priority countries and regions, and further promotes the “localization” strategy.
The Department's export earnings for engineering and machinery products increased by over 52.28 per cent on a year-on-year basis, super-tonne-tracking high-end products, such as cranes, high-altitude operating machines, have gradually increased market penetration, and high-cost overseas sales have covered 56 countries and territories on five continents, bringing new development opportunities for companies.
The RUXS Ltd. has done a great job, the potential business has made a breakthrough with overseas markets, the short-term Māori rate is under pressure, the net operating cash flow has reached RMB 100 million, RMB 95,478 million and RMB 10,5847 million, the net profit to the mother being $9,171 million, RMB 11,530 million and RMB 12,394 million, respectively.