Core business growth and performance are expected, core products continue to be well advanced, and domestic promotions have progressed at the same pace. In the first half of the year, corporate engineering and machinery sales generated $40,426 billion, an increase of 47.80 per cent, and fist products.
Van, you know, the cranes and concrete machines continue to be in the lead. The cranes generate business income of $22,677 million, an increase of 47.84 per cent over the previous year.
Ball first; large-ton car cranes grew by more than 100% in the same year; the domestic market share of mounted cranes was the highest in the industry. Concrete machinery generated operating revenues of $11,474 million, an increase of 27.03%, while the share of long-arm pumps, vehicle pumps, blending stations remained the highest in the industry.
The impact of factors such as the rise in the cost of raw materials has been a decline in the rates of Maori for cranes and concrete machines.
We believe that corporate markets, both at home and in the interior, go hand-in-hand with core products with built-in post-cycle attributes, will ensure resilience in future performance. Smart farming machines accelerate their roll-out, and corporate new business plates are very productive during the reporting period.
A major breakthrough in the size and profitability of agricultural machine products has been achieved, with revenues of $1.609 billion, representing 3.79 per cent of the total revenue of the public sector, an increase of 52.43 per cent over the same period; there is still much room for growth in future farm business as smart agriculture is commercialized and policy support is growing.
On the other hand, sales in the first half of the year reached $1.736 billion, a significant increase of 397.95 per cent over the same period, to achieve full coverage of the product spectrum of 4-68 metres, with the most extensive industry and successively entering the high-end markets abroad. Companies’ dry sandals have been growing steadily, with market shares stable at the top of the domestic market.
The company continues to expand its new business while accelerating automation, digitization, and intelligent transformation, and we believe that multidimensional development not only enhances the company’s performance, but also smooths the cycle’s performance.
In the first half of the year, the company's R & D cost was $2,005 million, representing a significant increase of 91.23 per cent over the previous year, and it took the lead in using the 5g+Industrial Internet for towering research and development, with nearly 30 new energy products to cover the high altitude.
Eight types of mainframes, such as operating machines, excavators, blenders, etc., 16 new energy products have been upgraded and upgraded at an accelerated rate. At the same time, the company advanced business end-to-end management and strengthened the supply chain.
179.19%, a record high, but the Māori rate of sales has had a different negative impact than the net interest rate on sales, which has been increased by steel. Cost levels have been effectively controlled in the context of firm-enhancing business management and supply chain construction.
Smart factories, smart production lines have been built, supply chain layouts have been optimized, company Māori levels are expected to pick up, and business performance is expected to increase further efficiency gains. Investment proposal: taking into account the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry and the current industry landscape
We anticipate a steady growth in corporate performance. We anticipate a commitment to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Head of the Rupee Mechanical Group, Master of Economics, London School of Political Economy, seven years in securities, formerly employed in Chinese securities, and joined the China Galactic Securities Institute in 2021. Master of Arts, University of New Wealth, 2016; Bachelor of Arts, Harbin Industrial University, 2018; joined the Galactic Securities Institute.
First, the fpm academic conference bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.