Performance meets expectations, company operations are robust - mid-2021 reporting performance point appraisal core view: performance meets expectations. Corporate business structures are stable, fists are heavy and condensed.
In the short term, in response to fluctuations in the engineering and machinery industry, the company has adopted a sound business strategy, a proactive restructuring of the product structure, and strict controls.
The prices of companies compare with the trend of 300 deep customers' risk, profitability and quality of income are expected to rise simultaneously; long-term, business layout of companies continues to improve, research and development, manufacturing and management are upgraded digitally and firms are more competitive in their markets.
Value attributes are highlighted, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The market position for boxing products remains ahead of schedule, largely meeting the semi-annual target. In the first half of 2021, the company engineering and mechanical plate generated $40,426 million, an increase of 47.8%, representing the share of total revenue.
95.23. Maintain high-quality development and stable product structure, with cranes and concrete machines continuously increasing the competitiveness of large-ton products, with large-ton car cancellations increasing by more than 100 per cent, tracked and 30 tons and above being among the first to be sold in the domestic industry; and high sales in the towers.
The sales scale is the highest in the world, with four smart bases radiating across the country, further enhancing client service capabilities.2 Concrete machinery: $11.474 billion, an increase of 32.85 per cent, compared to 27.03 per cent, a gross interest rate of 24.94 per cent, a decrease of 2.77 pct, compared with the market share of the long-arm pump, vehicle pump, blending station
Still in the forefront of the industry, influenced by the country’s six-way switch and the tightening of road regulations, the high demand for lightly quantified blending vehicles, and the clear dominance of corporate products, with sales in the top three sectors. • Emerging business performance is bright, and growth is expected to continue at a high rate in the future.
On the other hand, the results are clear. The company’s current marketing structure of the excavator plates is improving steadily, and the market share of the central digs has steadily increased.
There is still room for cost decline in the context of the rapid expansion of the scale and increasing self-sufficiency of the components. The company’s product spectrometry has achieved full coverage of 4-68 metres, and the domestic market rate has stabilized in the top three sectors.
Focusing on engineering machinery, operating qualitatively and gradually expanding overseas markets, currently concentrated in Europe, South-East Asia, Australia, etc., and the future
There will be an expansion of overseas sales and improved multi-market layout. Optimizing product structures, high R & D inputs to medium- and high-end products, combined with smart agricultural services, scale, and profitability are expected to make a breakthrough.
• The results of internal controls are significant, while increasing research and development efforts for new products, with short-term pressure on profitability levels. Large increases in the grids have resulted in higher costs for raw materials; on the other hand, at the price end, the company’s sales model is based on outright sales, and terminal settlement prices have declined to affect the Māori rate.
With the implementation of product-structure optimization strategies, engineering and machinery production in favor of the high Maori medium-to-large tonnage, while increasing the structural self-formulation rate, the Māori rate is expected to pick up. Under R.A., channel reforms, corporate internal controls have produced significant results, while increasing investment in research and development in the first half of the year.
R & D costs $2 billion, an increase of 91.23 per cent, and is directed mainly to the development of new and intelligent products, especially high-end, smart agro-machinery products, on the one hand, and the expansion of cash crop-type products, on the other, with high R & D likely to further expand the firm’s core competitiveness.
• The company's digital transformation in R & D, manufacturing, management, etc., to enhance market competition across the board, the industrial Internet, to promote smart product innovation; from a management perspective: sustaining the end-of-business push-of-the-end innovation management model, real-time monitoring of client pre- and post-accession indicators through digitization.
Overall upgrading of operational efficiency and risk management; from a manufacturing perspective: companies are fully accelerated, smart manufacturing upgrades are taking place in the full-scale construction of the City's main product lines, towers are smart, plant phase II, hydraulic software smart industrial parks are in operation, and several smart manufacturing parks, such as the Hansu farmer machine, are in operation.
We judge that the future digital transformation will empower companies, continue to reduce efficiency gains, and step up the competitive edge of companies. The infrastructure is not as short as expected, market competition is increasing, product Māori rates are falling, and new product production is being invested.
2021h R & D investment as a percentage of revenue increased to 4.88 per cent
The infrastructure short-boards are not as predictable as expected, market competition is increasing, the rate of production of new products is falling, and production capacity for new products is not as high as expected. Detailed follow-up is being done on the mechanical big white flag, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc. The crystal ball of 2018 first uses information on legal compliance and produces the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.