Half-yearly 2021: Short-term pressure on profit margins, no change.
Events: 42,449 million yuan, +47.25 per cent for the 2021h1 company, $4,850 million net profit for the mother, and $4,850 million net profit for the same year + the diversity of the layout of the same year, and the potential business contribution to the new growth pole: $23,399 million, or 18.41 per cent, for the single quarter of the year, with a sharp increase; 2,435 million net profit for the mother.
In the first half of the year, the company grew strongly in its various editions: one punch was better: the crane/concrete was better at work, and six national laws changed. Two potential business breakthroughs were: 21h1 earth machinery generated an income of $2,003 million, compared to 75.65 per cent, which was significantly higher than the 31 per cent increase in industry sales during the same period; and high-altitude machinery earned 1,736 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
The net operating cash flow of $4,129 million, compared to +179.19%, is a better return. The profit margin is short-term pressure, without changing the long-term upward trend, and the investment in digital transformation is being advanced, with strategic cooperation with China’s and China’s mobile movements to accelerate breakthroughs on traditional business models.
21H1 net parent interest rate of 11.43 per cent, corresponding to 2.51 ptt, mainly: 1 commodity price of steel, oil, etc. Increases in production costs for companies; 2 companies increase R & D inputs and R & D costs equal to +0.08 pt to boost intellectual and digital transformations; 3 companies continue to add lower-value Mäori agricultural machinery plates, with the country “high-end”
Policy support for equipment, smart agriculture, etc., is growing, and mid- and high-end agricultural production is gaining market opportunities. We expect that with the steady price of raw materials and the spread of emerging businesses in the second half of the year, there will be an overall upward trend in profitability in the future.
21H1 has an overseas income of 2,768 million yuan, an increase of 52.28 per cent over the same period, with a bulk of super-tonne tracked crane products exported to overseas markets, gradually breaking out of the global market for high-end cranes; a network of high-altitude machine agents covering five major markets on the world's five continents and 56 countries and territories on five continents abroad; and European factories officially inaugurated in Italy.
Towers, auto cranes, high-altitude machinery for localizing production and marketing, and contributing to the deep expansion of European markets. Agricultural machinery promotes a strong marketing model of “distribution + localization” and is recognized as a long-term supplier by the United Nations.
In addition, companies have improved their overseas operations through digital technology +135%, reduced efficiency contribution performance rounds, digitalized end platforms, promoted supplier localization, and product markets covered more than 100 countries and regions around the world.
2021-04-30 Building a global market layout and global logistics network and spare parts supply system.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account this year ' s rise in raw materials vagaries over cost-side fluctuations, we're going to have a company of 2021 in advance.
3. The Central ICU (000157): a+h shares are firmly on the ground, and the industrial chain layouts contribute to the new Le Wu Xiang Xiang Yu
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board