Giant shares (600160.sh) Continuous development of e-fluorinated fluids, continued upscaling of refrigerant prices.
According to the announcement of the State Department of Eco-Environment, on 8 January 2025, the Department of Eco-Environment of Zhejiang received new information on the production of fluorinated high-quality materials.
The company 500t/a giant core cooling fluid project - Environmental impact assessment document for the perfluoropolyether derivatives research project. According to the approval paper, Zhejiang Genesis New Materials Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “Supreme”) is a holding subsidiary of the Giant Group Ltd. and is a landmark product of the process of winding up, high-end, and professional extension of the fluorine industry.
On September 23, 2021, the State Department of Eco-Environment approved the " 50000t/a super-core cooling fluid project of Zhejiang ' s Souls New Materials Company Ltd. " , which mainly produces perfluoropolyether cooling fluids in two stages, 1,000t/a super-core cooling fluids in one phase, and 4,000t/a super-core cooling fluids in two phases. The project is now in production.
Prepare for the construction of a new 500-ton/year test line in an open area on the southern side of the plant ' s main installation area for low molecular concentrations of polyetheryl fluoride (PFE) for resource extraction, the expansion of low-temperature-use field products in the semiconductor sector, the enrichment of product structures and the laying of a foundation for large-scale industrialization production. 1) The company will invest $28.68 million in the construction of a test line in 500-ton/year perfluoroether derivatives, which will help the company to open up.
In the semiconductor sector, low-temperature use of products enriches the product structure. 2) The company signed a project investment agreement with Chongqing's southern district, planning to build the country's largest impregnated IRC. 3) The policy of “old-for-new” continues to be coded, and the price of refrigerants continues to rise.
In terms of industry patterns, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will directly benefit from a long-term increase in the temperature of the refrigerant. In terms of the fluorine chemical and fluorine industry, as the living standards of our people continue to improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorine industry is growing with its unique performance, application and market space, and demand is growing steadily.
Development of advanced chemical materials, high-end extension of industrial chains, increased synergies in multi-chemical industries, continued optimization of industrial structures and product structures, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position. Since 2024, the prices of company refrigerant products have continued to rise, leading companies to grow their profits on a seasonal basis, with a “better than the big market” rating.
The company will invest $28.68 million in the construction of a 500-tonne per-year test-test line in perfluoroether derivatives, which will help the company to develop a cooler zone in the semiconductor sector, use field products and enrich product structure.
According to the approval paper, Zhejiang Sophine High New Materials Co. Ltd. (hereinafter, Soph) is a holding subsidiary of the Giant Group Ltd. and the Giant Fluoride Industries Industries Industry, which finally approved to the State Department of Eco-Environment on 23rd of January, the Xijiang Soyco New Materials Co. Ltd. 5000t/a Big Core cooling fluid project.
For the production of perfluoropolyether cooling fluids, construction in two stages: 1,000 t/a super-core cooling fluids, and 4,000 t/a super-core cooling fluids in two phases. The project phase is now in production. The EP project proposes to invest $28,67192,000 in the acquisition of advanced equipment such as new reactors, distillation towers and the construction of a new 500-ton/year-old trial line in an empty area south of the plant area where the main installation area is located, to achieve the resourceization of low molecular polyetheryl fluoride.
Perfluoropolyether (perfluoropolyethers) and its derivatives are of very high value and are at the top of the chain of the fluorinated industry. Perfluoropolyether is an ideal option for hydrofluoropolyethers because of its stable electro-fluoride structure, wide temperature range and insulation.
It's a series of inert, high-performance, fluorine fluids with good intermediate power, excellent chemical stability, and capable of operating under very low and high-temperature adverse conditions, with synthetic and fission technologies validated by small- and mid-test tests at the technology centre, with relatively mature process techniques and products that meet the application requirements of data centres and semiconductors.
The company signed a project investment agreement with the south of Chongqing City, planning to build the country’s largest impregnated liquid and cold intelligence centre. According to Sunshine Massification, on 18 December 2024, Giant shares signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the south of Chongqing, focusing on the development of artificial and intelligent industries, the application of innovative technologies, and the upgrading of traditional industries.
An investment agreement was signed for the AI Green Industrial Park project to build the country’s largest impregnated ICD centre. With the rapid development of semiconductors, electronics, and immersion data centres at home and abroad, it is expected to synchronize the demand for cooling fluids, especially e-fluorinated fluids. Figure 2: Market size of China’s IDC 2019-2025e (millions of yuan) (conservative)
Figure 1: The size of China's data centre hangars (millions) and the policy of “old for new” has been continuously added and the price of refrigerants has continued to rise, according to the Circular on the Implementation of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and Consumers for Old for New Policies in 2025: Extended for Consumption in 2025
For old and new products, a maximum of 20% of the sale price is available, increasing the maximum subsidy per consumer for air-conditioning products to three; for individual consumers who have already received an old subsidy for domestic electricity products in 2024, continuing the subsidy for similar household electricity products in 2025. In addition, expanding the support for end-of-life and improving the standards for replacement subsidies for cars.
7.24 million, or 1.1 per cent, were sold in air conditioners in January 2025; 6.6.9 million, or 10.2 per cent, were produced in February; 13.9 million, or 11.08 million, or 10.0 per cent, were produced in March; with respect to price differentials for products, the implementation of a long list of refrigerant markets began in the near future, based on fluorine online, with quarterly orders expected to be r32,
R410a rose to 41,000 yuan per ton and 42,000 yuan per ton, respectively. As of 8 January, r32 offered a price difference of 44,000 yuan per ton, or 26.8 million yuan per ton, or 248,000 yuan per ton. r32 Foreign trade prices are 43,000 yuan per ton, r22 $33,000 per ton.
Figure 4: Price-to-price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r32 Figure 3: Price-to-price differentials for two generations of refrigerant r22 Figure 5: Price-to-price differentials for three generations of refrigerant r125
Figure 6: Prices and price differentials of three generations of refrigerant r134a The company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a good industrial chain layout, a significant cost-side advantage, and a healthy financial structure. From the pattern of the fluorinated refrigerant industry, the company’s refrigerant quota is the highest in the country and will benefit directly from the increased long-term temperature of the refrigerant.
As the standard of living of our people continues to improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorinated industry is expanding with its unique performance, application areas, and market space, and demand is growing steadily each year. In terms of the company’s own internal productivity, the company has continued to expand its fluorinated advanced chemical materials over the years, to develop high-end extended industrial chains, to build synergies in multi-chemical industries, to optimize its industrial structure and product structure, and to compete at the core.
Since 2024, the prices of company refrigerant products have continued to rise, leading to a quarterly increase in corporate profits, taking into account weak demand for fluorinated workers, the pace of project implementation and the sharp fall in product prices.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject