Big shares (600160.sh) Replenishment control of new material, cementing the status of the domestic fluorine industry.
Corporate announcement: On the evening of February 18, 2025, the company published Zhejiang Giant Co. Ltd., a limited amount of new material on Replenishment Holdings.
The Division implemented the High-Performance New-CFC Material Integration Project and Associated Transactions Bulletin. The announcement showed that mega-stocks were to be added to the capital of the Consumptive-Shareholder Giant New Materials Co. Ltd., which increased the capital of Gansu mega-registry from $100 million to $6 billion. The company pledged $4.2 billion, or 70 per cent, and the Giant Group pledged $1.8 billion, or 30 per cent of the total.
After this replenishment, the company will acquire the capital of Gansu's mega-consumption and will implement a project for the integration of high-performance new chlorofluorocarbons, with a total investment of $19,625 million. The remaining funds will be paid in equal proportion by the respective shareholders within five years, depending on the progress of the project.
The construction of this project will help companies to strengthen their leadership position on solid HFC polymers, fourth-generation HFC refrigerants (hfos), and consolidate the company’s competitive advantage in upgrading the company’s fluorine industry.
National credit industry perspectives: 1) Replenishment Consumption Consumption Consumption of New Materials, Expansion of Fluorine Polymer and Fourth Generation Refrigerant Energy Production; 2) West Policy Energy Resources with outstanding advantages, projects can lead to integrated upstream and downstream development; 3) Project economic benefits are good for increasing the company ' s continued profitability and consolidating the company ' s leader in the fluorine industry; 4) Price differentials in mainstream refrigerant varieties continue to be high for the long-term refrigerant climate.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a good industrial chain layout, a significant cost-side advantage, and a healthy financial structure. In the case of the fluorinated refrigerant industry, the company ' s three-generation refrigerant quota is the highest in the country, with a continuous deployment of four-generation refrigerants, which will benefit directly from long-term refrigerating.
In terms of the company’s own internal benefits, the company has continued to increase the development of advanced fluorinated chemical materials over the years, high-end extension of the industrial chain, intensive synergies in the multi-chemical industry, continued optimization of the industrial structure and product structure, and increased core competitiveness and competitive position of the company’s refrigerant production over the years.
According to company announcements, giantized shares are to be added to the Consumptive Consumption Group Ltd., which will be inflated with the Consumptive Shareholder Giant New Materials Limited.
At this time, the company and the Giant group are planning to pay their registered capital 700 million yuan and 200 million yuan, respectively, increasing the registered capital to 1 billion yuan. After this replenishment, the company will acquire the capital of the Gansu megaconsumption and will implement the high-performance CFC integration project, with a total investment of 19.625 billion yuan. The remaining funding will be shared by the shareholders of the two sides over five years, depending on the progress in the construction of the project.
Tens of tons of polyperfluoroethylene (fep) devices and associated devices such as 900,000 tonnes of ion membrane per year, 460,000 tonnes of chlorine per year, 420,000 tonnes of methane chloride per year, 400,000 tonnes of calcium chloride per year, 198,000 tonnes per year of CFC 1 per cent per year. The project has a 36-month construction period and, upon completion of the project, the company will have 52,000 tonnes of four generations of refrigerant production capacity, which is at the forefront of the country.
The main economic indicators of the East China region, where the company is located, are among the highest in the country, but there is a relative lack of natural resources, energy resources, and limited space for development. In contrast to some of its regional counterparts, raw materials are directed to land-based enterprises, operating at higher costs and environmental capacity, in a non-regional differentiated system of energy-saving emission reduction targets.
The “double carbon” pressure has had some impact on the company’s operational cost control and project development. The western region is a rich energy resource for the country, with sufficient green power resources and development space, following several rounds of visits to various proposed sites throughout the country, such as Gansu, Inner Mongolia, Yunnan, and the eventual choice of a Gansu mega-project in Tammen City, Gansu Province, where conditions for project implementation are basically in place.
Policies, energy, resource advantages and a high proportion of green power use not only can further reduce production costs and increase market competitiveness, but can also reduce the carbon intensity of the project, facilitate low-carbon competitiveness of products in the context of the “double carbon” situation and the introduction of carbon tariffs in Europe and the United States, and take the lead on the industrial shuffling of carbon tariffs in Europe and the United States.
The project has the characteristics of upstream/downstream integration in the industrial chain, including: (1) the development of the fluorine-non-hydrofluorocarbon-difluoro-chloromethane-tetrafluoroethylene-fluoropolymer main chain from the end product point of view; (2) the integrated use of the by-product hydrogen-chloromethane-hydroxide without water chlorinated calcium from the resource point of view of integrated use; and (3) the carbon tetrachloride-tetrachloroethylene/tetrachloroethylene from the carbon tetrachloride self-consumption point of view of carbon tetrachloride self-consumption.
The project is cost-effective and contributes to increasing the company ' s continued profitability and strengthening its leadership in the fluorinated industry, and is expected to phase out the third generation of HFC refrigerants (hfcs) in the future, in accordance with the amendments to the Montreal Protocol in Kigali.
For the fourth generation of refrigerants, the ozone-destructive potential (odp) is zero, the global warming potential (gwp) is low and the atmospheric stay is short and chemically stable and is now considered an ideal replacement for the upgrading of hfcs. While three generations of refrigerants have become scarcely available under the quota system, entering the long-term landscape cycle, companies fully enjoy the growth in their performance as HFC-refrigerant taps; but in the long-term, three generations, however,
Refrigerants will eventually be replaced by four generations of refrigerants, and the company will gradually be deployed to upgrade the capacity of the fourth generation of fluorinated refrigerants, which will reinforce the corporate industry’s leadership and pre-emptive advantage and seize the opportunity for future fluorinated refrigerant upgrades. Fluorinated polymers are one of the fastest-growing and most promising industries in the organic fluorinated sector, at the back of the industrial chain, with high value added for products.
A wide range of high-end applications for advanced industrial and electronic information, such as defence, space atomic energy, electrical, environmental, new energy, chemical, mechanical, instrumentation, transport, construction, textiles, metal surface treatment, pharmaceuticals, medical, textile, food, metallurgical smelting, etc., as well as for the industrial sectors and for the higher-end areas of new energy, aerospace, 5g communications, defence force workers, high-end equipment manufacturing, etc., become strategic and emerging
Industry is an indispensable and irreplaceable support material. With the rapid growth of our new industries, the market for fluorinated polymers has grown steadily, especially for specialized, special fluorinated polymers. In the coming years, there are still better development and national production alternatives.
The remaining amount of credit available is approximately 3,542 million yuan, and after consideration of a reserve of 1 billion yuan in liquidity, the remaining amount of money available and the amount of credit available amounts to 3,945 million yuan, and the company ' s current registered capital contribution of $700 million, which will be paid in instalments based on the project ' s construction progress, will not have a significant negative impact on the use of the funds. In addition, the debt required for this project will be leveraged through Gansu ' s loan.
Based on the company ' s financial data at the end of September 2024, the overall asset-liability rate of the company (and the glutting) after the income stabilization period for this item is estimated to be about 53% and is still within reasonable range.
The company, as a leader in the fluorinated industry, has a well-structured, well-costed and well-equipped industrial chain. According to the fluorinated refrigerant industry, the company’s three-generation refrigerant quota is the highest in the country, and its continued deployment of four-generation refrigerant production will directly benefit from the long-term growth of the refrigerant.
Fluorinated chemical products are growing steadily in terms of their unique properties, applications and market space. Given the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company has continued to expand the development of advanced chlorofluorocarbon-based chemical materials over the years, high-end extension of the industrial chain, increased synergies in the multi-chemical industry, continued optimization of the production structure, product structure, core competitiveness, and increased competitive position of the company’s refrigerant product prices since 2024.
Increased growth in corporate profits, and in view of the continued rise in refrigerant prices in 2025 or the continued decline in additional production capacity, our demand for fluorinated workers is weak: the project is not going as fast as expected: the prices of products are falling significantly, etc. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author