The year-round performance was in line with expectations, with four-quarter refrigerant block prices up \triangleright achieving a full-time increase in the company ' s refrigerant block in four-quarters.
\triangleright, “weak supply and demand”, relatively intense competition, volatile product prices, fluoropolymer materials, food packagings,
Refrigerant taps are strong and performance continues to benefit from an increase in spot prices for hfcs. \triangleright Liulongi quota 2025
By slightly exceeding expectations, the total production quota of r32 would have increased by 4.08 million tonnes compared to 2024, and the internal production quota would have increased by 4.25 million tonnes, which would have been slightly lower than the target of an additional production quota of 450,000 tonnes of r32 in the previous HFC quota setting and allocation scheme for 2025 (advised draft),
Under the quota scheme, the company ' s market share (combined caliber) of R32 in 2025 was 45.82%, with a strong headline position. At the demand end, the sale of air conditioners continued to be secured with the stimulus of old new policies and strong exports.
There has been a high increase, and according to industry online data, total domestic air conditioners sales exceeded 200 million during the year of 2024, of which the overall performance rating was: the previous three quarters showed a sustained increase in performance, with a good look at the supply-demand resonance of refrigerants, the expected increase in spot prices of refrigerants hfcs and continued benefits from company performance.
The low performance period has passed, waiting for the refrigerant plate to reverse the public investment proposal: the price of hfcs is rising, and we expect the company's profitability to continue to improve.
3. Larger shares (600160.sh) are reported in the year 2022: year-round performance meets expectations, looks at refrigerant block restoration and methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, presents the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.