The gas is becoming a new power source for natural gas production.
Investment rating: Better than in the metropolitan area (maintenance) Central Petroleum announced that the Gas Coal Company produced 1.96 billion cubic metres of coal gas throughout the year, an increase of 90.4 per cent over the same year, and that the total annual output of the company amounted to 4.12 billion cubic metres of rice, an increase of 20.96 per cent over the same year.
1) Gases are a new type of non-conventional gas that is different from coal-bed gas: “14” before our coal-bed gas exploration was concentrated in 1,200 m in shallow coal layers. Since the 14th century, we have embarked on a new phase of deep-coal-bed gas development. In the course of deep-coal-bed gas development, it has been found that this type of gas differs considerably from conventional coal-bed gas. 1,500 metres of deep coal-bed low penetration and low permeability have long been considered to be coal-bed gas development.
As the depth increases, the temperature of the coal layer increases, the pressure increases, and the high-temperature desorption effect of the coal layer adsorption to the coal layer exceeds the increased stress on the adsorption, gradually increasing the proportion of the gas released as the depth increases. When the depth is greater than the "critical depth" of the coal layer, the amount of the gas released may gradually increase to more than 50% of the total gas content. In 2003, experts transported coal rock itself or other sources of gas to be stored in coal rock.
Differing and adsorption co-exist, high off-gas content, gas conversion through reservoirs that can rapidly produce gas and gain access to industrially exploited hydrocarbon gases is defined as coal, rock and gas. 2) Coal rock gas has a variety of non-conventional gas characteristics: gas is similar to gas in reservoir types and shale in gas storage features.
Gases are similar to shale gas in the way they are developed. Compared to traditional gas layers, which are more deep buried and better preserved, gasses that are deeper than 2,000 m are characterized by "high pressure, high temperature, high gas content, high saturation, and high drifting off". The special characteristics of the gas geological features determine that they are not developed in the same way as shale gas. The adsorption-dominated gas layers are trapped by van der Waals and are under pressure in groundwater.
In the case of closures, effective development is achieved by reducing the pressure of the reservoir to below the sorbent threshold desorption pressure through long-term de-water pressure; while in the case of coal-lined gas, the ratio is high, by artificially improving reservoir connectivity, the exorcism is produced under elasticity, and the pressure of the reservoir is reduced after sorbent formation is replaced by effective long-term development.
3) The amount of gas and gas resources is large and has the potential to generate new energy from natural gas from companies: the amount of geological gas resources in our country is about 30.05 trillion cubic metres in shallow 2000m, of which 1500~2000m accounts for 31.5%. At the national level, the value of deep coal and gas resources in 2000m has not yet been systematically assessed, but according to the results of the Chinese University of Mines, the amount of deep coal and gas resources in our country is very high, with 29 major basins buried at depths greater than depth.
The 2000m gas resource is 40,71 trillion cubic metres, which is far greater than the amount of the country's low-coal-bed gas resource. This is an area of focus for the development of the sub-oil-coal-bed gas, with the deep 8# coal-bed layer at 2000m as the main force for the development of the layer. Two deep-coal-bed gas storage areas have been identified, with a total of 11,162 million cubic metres of identified reserves, and an accelerated effort is under way to evaluate the reserves of the other four wells in the block, which are expected to increase exponentially.
4. The country’s natural gas market has become increasingly marketed, and the gas market has become more widely available. Since 2023, domestic gas prices have been rising at a rate that has led to an increase in natural gas market activity. In 2024, gas consumption stood at 42,6 billion cubic metres, an increase of 8 per cent compared to the previous year, and gas consumption costs in 2025 are expected to continue to grow at a medium and high rate. According to the Institute of Technology of the Central petrochemical Economy, our gas consumption platform is estimated at 620 billion cubic metres.
In the process of developing a new type of non-conventional gas, the scientific community and industry are constantly exploring the depths of the gas market. Prior to the 14th Five-Fifteenth, our exploration for coal-bed gas was concentrated in 1,200 m.
But shale gas is being effectively exploited as horizontal wells break-ups break through. Industry has tried to apply this technology to deep unconventional gas exploration and development in the coal rock reservoir. In 2005-2016, China Oil Xinjiang Oilfield deployed more than 504 and 512 straight wells in the pyrolate of coal deposits (deeply buried at 2560-2620m) in the Bigal basin, and pressure-testing for solar gas (0.15-0.73) million cubic metres.