The company is expected to benefit from the price of heat management from fuel trucks to electric cars and from ptc to co2.
(i) Volume: According to the Federation, 1q22 Chinese electric vehicles were bulked/retailed by 119/10.7 million, with increased heat pumps (up to 50 per cent reduction in electricity consumption) co2 heat pumps (efficient environmental protection); 2) batteries: natural cooling wind cooling fluids cold (maintains good temperature consistency) and direct cold (reduces heat exchange differentials).
As a leader, the company’s global market is well ahead of the curve: in 04, the company bought and bought 3 zero in 17 years, and sold 200 million electric cars in 21 years, the same amount.
167%; 2) High technical barriers: E-inflating valve hardware needs to be closed, noise-reduced, software aspects, company self-recording matching with external chip; 3) Client quality: companies bind high-quality customers, e.g., public, Biadei, wind, wind, etc., and have become globalized, so it's close to improving the client base.
Sticky; 4) economies of scale: company share leads, size advantage creates strong profitability, with a Māori rate of about 26% in 21 years, above the industry average of about 6 pct. Moreover, in the trend of integration, the company has a single-minded mix of benefits. We expect $7.7 billion in business in 22 years and $1.8 billion in Māori.
Traditional business has a lot of energy, leading the way in the generation of electrical parts. 1) Refrigeration: companies benefit from new energy efficiency in air conditioning, standards to boost demand for electronic expansion valves + commercial cooling, while receiving lost orders from competitors acquired; 2) Microchannels: company share is first, product replacement space is wide; 3) Avico:
China’s dishwasher penetration rate is only 2% compared to the US-Japan. And, in 21 years, Aveko’s business improved, with some of its products at less cost than the domestic level.
Heated management leads, company skills accumulated, and Māori led the way with a strong hand order and an advantage in size.
Domestic and foreign car sales fall short of expectations; downstream demand falls short of expectations; companies’ overseas business performance falls short of expectations; and renminbi exchange rate volatility risks.
The company takes the lead in the field of commercial refrigeration, car heat management, and enters the overseas market, with a clear pre-emptive advantage. For almost 10 years, the company has focused largely on the main business compared to its competitors, and has started the sea much earlier.
The opening of the external and commercial markets, the pre-positioning of new energy automobiles, and the maintenance of leadership in the development of new energy car customers certification and purchase orders.
Valves, electro-inflation valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, etc., are the first companies to apply electro-inflation valves to new energy vehicles. Based on technology co-accessibility, the company has now achieved full coverage of the core components of car heat management, with major products with electronic expansion.
The company’s customer structure is excellent, with a demonstration effect. The company’s products are of high quality, the chillers have been cut into the supply chain of well-known home-based companies such as Gold, Kaeley, American, Gri, Hale, and the cars manage their output with heat.
Toyota, Benz, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Tesla, etc.
In 2012-2021, corporate revenue rose from $1.684 billion to a combined growth rate of 19%, mainly due to a rapid increase in revenue from zero operations. The sharp annual decline was mainly due to a year-on-year decline in the volume of automobile sales in the country, with customers like Tesla downstream 19 years later.
The growth rate was 14%, mainly the overall slowdown in the air-conditioning sector, and the downstream customer rate with upstream spare parts fell by 4 pct in 21 years, mainly due to rising shipping costs and raw materials, and exchange rate movements.
2) Air conditioning: Māori increased from RMB 939 million to RMB 2,969 million in 2012-2021, with a compound increase of Māori from RMB 939 million to RMB 2,969 million in 2012-2021.
Cost: High R & D input guarantees a company ' s technological lead. In the first quarter of 2012-2022, companies were licensed to sell 2802 patents, of which 1366 were patented.
A separate R & D would entail additional costs, and different product designs might not achieve the same level of water.
The value of the heat management bicycles has increased considerably, according to the association, from fuel to electric cars, from ptc to co2. The fuel fuel system has a single car worth about 0.25-0.55 million yuan and a pure electric system of 0.35-1.3 million yuan.
1 AC heat management: technology route ptc - heat pumps (up to 50% reduction in electricity consumption compared to ptc) - CO2 heat pumps (efficient environmental protection) to further increase vehicle value. 2) Battery management: technology route is natural cooling - wind cooling - liquid cooling (maintains battery temperature - lethality)
(b) Electric cars (current): still there are three or five circuits, and the overall pattern is still distributed, but it is higher than the fuel vehicle's integration.
: Integration of heat management loop heights such as power electrons, electro-electric controls, in-car air conditioning, batteries, etc. The circuit sharing can make more efficient use of systems with more sophisticated regulation, lower power consumption, and higher continuity.
Figure 11: Trends in heat management systems for vehicles: from distribution to concentration Charts: current thermal management systems for electric vehicles Chart: future thermal management systems for electric vehicles
Electronic expansion valves are one of the core components of car heat management. Compared to air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, automobiles require higher technical indicators of expansion valves, such as leakage, maximum activity pressure, hydraulic strength, and so on. By virtue of their technological high barriers, electronic expansion valves are generally competitive.
Two is three, but in the area of vehicle use, the second class of foreign capital is lagging behind, and the third flower is now far ahead, shielding Ann and Hanon are second-tier teams.
2.2 Pre-optimal advantages, technological advantages of scale, core monolithic push for integrated supply, and company pre-optimal advantages, with the new energy car heat management component leading the global market. In 2004, the public division set up a three-blank zero to take the lead in auto heat management, using electronic expansion valves, new energy sources.
In 2021, the company’s new energy car heat management product was sold at 120 million, an increase of 167% in the same year; it accounted for 15% of the steam zero product, an increase of 7 pct in the same year.
▪ Electronic expansion valves: hardware and software together construct high-tech barriers. Similar to the electronic expansion valves in the refrigeration business, hardware, car use of electronic expansion valves requires data matching, stability, containment, noise reduction, software, company self-calculation and system matching with outsourced chips.
Energy increases cooling stability and capacity by increasing cooling systems in typical vehicles by more than 10%, and lin integrated control panels with obd functionality achieve accurate flow control.  8-Tall valves: companies are over-developed and original technologies are difficult to replicate.
The eight valves that have been developed are able to connect heat management circuits, coordinate heat transfer between systems, reduce the weight of the vehicle and increase the mileage for renewal, in keeping with the trend towards integration of electric car heat management. The pre-existing inventive techniques form corporate barriers that are difficult for competitors to replicate in the short term.
Co2 heat pumps: Early layout, yield applications achieved. Traditional refrigerant r134a can trigger greenhouse effects, and co2 is expected to be replaced by efficient environmental protection with higher value.
In 2018, the Union of Technology for the Development of Co2 Heat Pump Air-Conditioning Systems and the establishment of a joint laboratory with Haile, the products are now being produced in the CO2 heat pump system of the company’s customers.
Companies now account for about 50% of total revenues abroad, far higher than their domestic competitors. Strict carbon-emission regulations abroad drive new energy cars to grow, creating greater market space, and company costs have a competitive advantage over their overseas counterparts.
In the context of the trend towards integration, corporate hands on core monoliths favour the whole package. The capture of electronic expansion valves is more conducive to integrated supply, such as three flowers based on electronic expansion valves, which gradually expand to other types of products, and lower-shoring manufacturers are more likely to accept the integration of three flowers.
• The company has an adequate number of orders, a constant build-up of capacity, and a strong revenue growth drive. The company is moving ahead in an orderly manner with the construction of the production lines of the Mexico factory, the Shao Hein Bay Sea factory. As of 2021, the company's new energy vehicle, the thermal management product, was 26 million units per year.
Production capacity is gradually released, capacity utilization is increasing, and the company still has a certain growth potential at the end of its income.
▪ The overall growth space in the air-conditioning and refrigerator industries has been limited, and the industry has gradually turned into a stock competition. In 2012-2021, Chinese refrigerator sales increased from 78.19 million to 86.43 million, with a compound growth rate of 1 per cent. Between 2012 and 2020, sales of air-conditioning in China increased from 104.21 million to 1,414.7 million.
The new energy efficiency standards for air conditioning boost the demand for upstream electro-inflation valves. For 2016, the new energy efficiency standards for air conditioning have significantly increased the penetration rate of FACs in 2019. Most FACs control traffic using e-inflation valves, and their penetration has increased to drive e-inflation.
From 2012 to 2020, China’s four-thong valves/cut-off valves/electronic expansion valves grew rapidly from 6707/ commercial refrigeration to become a new development opportunity. Consumption, industrial upgrading, and commercial refrigeration multi-domain development opportunities, with central air conditioning, vaccine transportation, fresh logistics, etc.
Under the circumstances, the demand for medical transport has increased sharply, while the requirements for sealing have led to the rise of raw power suppliers and the development of cold chain logistics. In 2017-2021, sales of light commercial refrigeration equipment increased from 10.4 million to 16.19 million, with a composite growth rate of 12 per cent.
The company’s electronic expansion valves, quadruple valves, cut-off valves, etc. have the world’s highest market share. According to the 2021 report, the company’s air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, etc. have the world’s highest market share, with the world’s cut-off valves, liquid storage, etc.
Total sales of sub-inflated valves/microchannel heat exchangers increased from 179 million to 198 million, or 3 per cent; total receipts increased from 3,686 million yuan to 4,255 million yuan, or 5 per cent.
Figure 22: The company has high R&D barriers in its refrigeration component capacity (million units) and unit prices, while core technology builds companies have a strong product power. 1) Using e-inflation valves as an example, the technical barriers to products are high, and the company has extensive production experience.
2) With 4kw stainless steel quadruple valves as an example, companies break through key welding techniques, produce is welded without acid washing, and the creation of raw materials for “less copperization” has caused the company to lose heat on its products and lower costs, and support companies have become one of the first stable producers of stainless steel quadruple valves.
Using high-precision gear to move efficient, comparable copper, stainless steel, high strength, low density and low price, at high copper prices.
Stabilize, significantly improve product control accuracy, reduce the overall consumption of materials, and efficiently move institutions.
After the company’s competitors were acquired, a large number of orders were transferred to the company. After the acquisition of the company’s rivals in 2021, companies such as the United States, Hale, Ox and others that had competitive relationships with the company sought alternative supplies.
In 2021, the company issued a transferable debt of $3 billion, mainly for the construction of 65 million commercial refrigeration and air conditioning smart control units per year.
Establishment and annual production of 50.5 million energy-efficient refrigeration and air-conditioning control units, of which energy-efficient refrigeration and air-conditioning control units are expected to yield sales revenue of $1.98 billion in the normal post-partum year
3.2 Microchannels: Global market shares lead, future penetration space is wide, microchannels for heat exchange are efficient and energy efficient, and market space is wide. Compared to conventional wings for heat change, microchannels for heat exchange are aluminium-coppers and welded with wavering wings as a whole, more suitable for co2 clean refrigerants and devices.
Precaution, extension, pressure, space conservation, heat exchange efficiency and cost advantages. Its penetration rate is still low, with the global market forecast for 20.7 billion dollars in 2024, as projected by IR consultants.
By 2015, 31% of the world’s cities had been added to the list. ) Client barriers: In more energy-efficient countries than in Europe and America, Triple Microchannel products have been more energy-efficient than in more demanding countries.
Companies now have production-based sites in Hangzhou, Mexico, and the United States, where sales are dominated by the North American market, with core customers covering daikin, jci, lg, gri, America, Haile, tcl, and so on. Lower air conditioning manufacturers will not easily replace microchannel heater suppliers.
The company covers a wide range of clients and has a viscous advantage. 2) Qualitative barriers: Euro-American markets now require ul certification, ped certification, rohs environmental guidance certification of raw materials, etc., and Triple microchannels were the first in the country to be certified and owned through the ul product system.
One of the companies that certified the production of ped pressure products and established an internal control system related to rohs. 3.3 Avico: Businesses continue to improve, benefiting from the spatial expansion of downstream areas, to foreign countries, China has a low penetration rate of dishwashers, and there is much room for growth. 2013-2021 Chinese dishwashers
Retail sales rose from 470 million yuan to 10 billion yuan, with a complex growth rate of 47%. In 2020, E-Wise data showed that dishwashers had almost 70% penetration in the European and American markets, with 29.3% penetration in Japan, close to Chinese dietary habits, and only around 2% penetration in China.
There is still much room for growth in the country’s dishwasher market.
The average interest lasts around 2033, with the counterparty bypassing the patent, resulting in higher costs. The company’s market for the merga pump is the world’s number one, covering large downstream customers such as beautiful, Heir, the Old Board, Hewlett-Poo, Ileks, and so on. The company will continue to farm deep in the Asia-Pacific market in the future, while widening the product matrix.
With management sophistication, Aevico has achieved a sustained profit in 21 years. Avico’s operations rely on a domestic dishwasher and speed + internal supply chain fine-tuning management, and have achieved a sustained profit in 21 years.
It has been recognized by major United States clients and has achieved some of the cost of products less than the domestic ones. This will be followed in the future by the consolidation of business management, increased construction of overseas plants in Viet Nam and Mexico, and improved operational effectiveness Chart 31: China’s online dishwasher market (%)
Figure 32: Chinese underline dishwasher market (%) IV. Prospectives and investment proposals  1) Non-car: Between 2012 and 2021, Chinese refrigerator sales increased from 78.19 million to 86.43 million
From 2012 to 2020, China will gradually return to normal levels with an increase in air-conditioning sales from 1,042,000, and the profitability of its companies will continue to improve. So we’re 2 zero: in 21 years, China’s new energy vehicle sales have increased in volume and volume.
The company has become a Faleo, a public, a Mercedes, a BMW, a Volvo, a Toyota, a General and a zero-sum company revenue of 77, 109, 14.4 billion yuan, respectively. We expect that in the future, the trend towards the integration of car heaters will gradually increase, that the advantages of the company's size will continue to emerge, and that technological barriers will continue to be maintained.
We use the pe valuation method to value companies. We have selected three comparable companies to value the trio control, one for Tupou Group, one for Vincent and the other for Starwoo. In 2022-2024, three comparable companies averaged 34, 23, 18 times.
▪ We believe that the company is the world’s leading supplier of refrigeration parts and components, with a pre-emptive advantage in the layout of the zero-mortality track, and that it is expected, with its own technology and scale, to produce less than expected domestic and international car sales in the light of the trend towards the integration of cooling and energy efficiency and heat management. Part of the complete operation was due to the outbreak of war between Russia and Ukraine.
The plant shut down its production plants in the European region, which may not be sold as much as expected, resulting in a lower than expected rate of company revenue and Māori.
The company’s overseas operations are underperforming. As a result of the war between Russia and Ukraine, the company’s offshore operations may be affected, leading to a decline in operating income and operating profits abroad.
The Russian-Ukrainian war has now broken out, with companies earning a relatively high share of their overseas operations and a risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Scores are then calculated on average, resulting in a final rating as an average market investment.