Non-financial companies. Wally Group (300979.sz).
Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) -25h1 growth highlights business resilience and waits for external disturbance factors to fade -11.06 per cent. Collections have remained steady at last year ' s high base, mainly with new brands such as Adidas
As a result of steady progress and encryption with brands such as onon and newballance, the top five clients of the company were made more resilient by Zhou Yu, while the upswing of new plant capacity and existing production-allocation arrangements had a short-term impact on the company ' s Māori ratio.
Annual cash transfers account for about 70% of net profit returns over the same period, with a stronger willingness to split. European income growth is due to better growth in the region’s customers, and output expansion continues to grow.
The increase in core products was solid, with spare shoes receiving $11.336 billion, compared to +10.78 per cent, and 25h1 outdoor boots and sports sandals/slippers and two other types of products changing more than the same amount of revenue due to the adjustment of product orders by some customers to market demand. By region, Europe (where customer headquarters is located) received the same amount as +88.94 per cent, or new customers.
In terms of capacity, the company’s new plants in Sichuan and Indonesia are starting production, and there are still new plants in Indonesia and Viet Nam that are expected to use 95.78% of production capacity in the future.
The growth in company future orders is mainly due to: 1) growing consumer demand in the sports industry; 2) growing demand for better brand orders; 3) demand release due to increased collaboration between new brands (didas). On the supply side of the orders, in 2024, the company started operating four factories (three in Viet Nam and one in Indonesia) and will still be operating in the future.
At the end of the rest of the year, the company’s clients’ structural adjustment drive the replacements, and the shoe-steering product has increased, and is expected to contribute to the growth of their performance. Profit forecasting and rating: the company, as the head of the country’s sports shoe-steering industry, is repaired by short-term industry demand, is expected to increase its performance.
In the long term, the valuation provides an indication of my personal perception of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and professionally, using legitimate compliance information, and have produced this report independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.