Non-financial companies. Wally Group (300979.sz).
Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) -25h1 growth highlights business resilience and waits for external disturbance factors to fade
In the context of macro-environment and international trade policies, companies have re-assessed their customers and productive resources, and new plants have been able to climb.
It is proposed to find a gold dividend of 10 yuan (including taxes) for every 10 shares of all shareholders, and it is expected that in the first half of 2025, the cash share will account for about 70% of the net profit return to the mother during the same period, with a greater willingness to split the share. External macroeconomics and international trade policies will be volatile, and companies will still see long-term structural growth in the industry.
The Division announced that, under the external macroeconomic environment and the uncertainty of international trade policies, companies continued to work closely with customers such as Nike, Adidas, Converses, Hoka, On, and Newbalance to explore coping measures, selling 115 million pairs of sports shoes for 25h1, compared to 6.14 per cent, and that a steady increase in sales highlighted the resilience of companies.
The dynamic restructuring of the client structure and the allocation of productive resources and the continuous optimization of the appraisal system to enhance operational efficiency are accompanied by a gradual improvement in the visibility of new plants and external disturbances, such as the gradual completion of production upgradation and training of new workers, as well as international trade policies, and a gradual recovery in the efficiency and profitability of the company ' s operations.
\alpha resonance with \beta drives the growth of corporate orders, and client structural changes drive the asp up. From the demand side of the order volume, \triangleright’s demand for good brand orders increases; 3) the demand released by the new brand’s increased collaboration.
On the supply side, in 2024, the company started operating four factories (three in Viet Nam and one in Indonesia) and there are still new plants in the future that are ready for production and construction, and the expansion of capacity is expected to continue. On the end of the spectrum, structural restructuring of the company’s clients drives the replacements, and the increase in shoe-coating products is expected to contribute to the growth of performance.
Profit forecasting and rating: the company, as the head of our sports shoes, is expected to raise the volume price twice in the long run, driven by short-term industry demand repair, net equity equity expansion in the medium and long term ($/unit) and changes in client structure
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.