Wally Group (300979.sz): The new client with the Wally Group is engaged in product design, production and marketing of sneakers.
Sold, the world's leading professional shoe manufacturer, collaborates at the revenue end: new client orders are growing, generating revenue, and old customer orders are volatile. In the first half of 2025, sports and leisure brands included nike, converse, etc.
Vans, ug, hoka, puma, underarmour/double, with a slight increase in the same ratio, the double increase in sales and unit prices has led to a significant increase in operating income. The main products include, inter alia, sports and leisure shoes, outdoor boots, etc.
76.61 per cent saw a significant decline. New clients ' onon and newballance orders grew significantly and were among the top five clients, with a more diversified client structure, which increased the firm ' s early escalation in the macroeconomic environment and consumer markets, and reduced capacity utilization as some of the older clients ' orders decreased.
Capacity-building: new plants are heavily operational, and production capacity is gradually released. Three new plants are on the ramp phase in the first half of 2025: the Sichuan new plant, which began operations in February 2025, with 670,000 pairs of goods delivered in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2024, the new plant in Nisiia began to operate, with 1.99 million doubles in the first half of the year. The new factory in Viet Nam, with 3.73 million doubles in the first half of the year. In the second half of 2025, the company will continue to build new plants in Indonesia and expand or build new plants in Viet Nam. In the first half of 2025, the company purchased fixed assets and intangibles.
The net profit growth has slowed down in the second half of the year, at the industry level, the moving shoe manufacturing industry is at maturity, and customer resources are directed to core suppliers with stable delivery and R & D capabilities.
As a global leader in the manufacture of sneakers, customers include nike, newballance, and on, industry concentration continues to rise. At the firm level, despite short-term profitability pressures, it is new.
The plant’s efficiency climb and the gradual recovery of client orders will help to restore future profitability. It is expected that, in the second half of 2025, the company’s “recommended” rating will be maintained as the productivity of the new plant rises and the client’s orders stabilizes.
Wally Group (300.979.sz): New customers drive income growth, profit margins are stifling, Eastern financial resources are flourishing.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Wally Group (300979.sz): new customers drive income growth and profit margins are phased in.
Liu Tanda Shen Jie Lwin is in the direction of light work.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.