25H1 Performance Rapidly Reported: Growth in Recovering and Profiting 11/08/2025 But Profit Under Pressure, q2 Ring q1 Performances were weak, mainly due to downing orders from old clients resulting in plant effects
The rate is lower, while new clients, new plant production efficiency, are in a climb-down phase and lost efficiency in the short term due to changes in client orders, and the group is moving production capacity.  The q2 acceleration loop is slower than q1.
Real shoe sales of 115 million doubles/yoy+6.14%, according to which sales unit prices of 25h1 are estimated at approximately $110/double, same-year + 3.97%, and the continuing volume increases are mostly due to the volume of new customers' orders. Growth, which effectively hedges down orders from some of the old customers; price increases benefit mainly from clients.
Structure optimized, and high-value client orders increased. On a quarterly basis, sales of 25q1/q2 resulted in caution on the part of older customers, such as Nike, as a result of America’s announcement of reciprocal tariff policies in April of this year and the weak economic consumption environment in the United States.
▪ There is uncertainty in the short-term external environment, and companies are moving ahead with the construction of new plants in an orderly manner. 25h1 Global sports shoes. Industry faces challenges such as macroeconomic pressure and uncertainty in international trade policy.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that a new Indonesian Adi factory and a Vietnamese asics plant will become operational. With new client orders on the market for the last two years, the company has been investing heavily in capital costs.
In the coming period, four new plants were added to the company in 2024 (onrunning plant in Viet Nam in April, a new client, Adidas, to maintain active expansion), Hoka plant in Indonesia; Adi factory in Viet Nam in September; and Newbalance plant in Viet Nam in October).
Two new plants are in operation in 2025h1 (Sichuan Adi Plant, Indonesian Adi Plant), with short-term delays in profit rates, which we believe are expected to be repaired gradually as production capacity climbs in the future.
Review: Performance growth in line with expectations, both supply and demand, profitability projections and investment ratings: taking into account the tightening of orders from older clients and the ability of several new factories to climb the slopes.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.