Quint Wuqiang (688256): Maintains a high growth rate for the same year, with continuous additions in research and development inputs Summary of events: Three Quarterly Report of Quarter 2025 issued by Quint Wuqian. $4.607 billion in operating income was realized in the first three quarters of 2025.
The accelerated release of cloudchie chips fully benefits from the industrial trend of increasing arithmetic demand and domestic production penetration rates. In the first three quarters of the year, corporate revenue and net return profits increased significantly, mainly as a result of the large amount of cloud products represented by S. 590, and the subsequent S. 690 is expected to benefit from the logic of rising prices.
In a recent statement by Yvesta ceo Wong In-hoon, who has been raising capital costs associated with the replacement of national cloud producers, the share of Yvette has been reduced from 95% to 0% in the Chinese market, and in the context of the friction between Chinese and American technology, the national production of the ai chip is about to accelerate the replacement period. As a domestic core cloud-endai chip supplier, corporate products are not just performing.
The industry leads the way and, by adapting to a variety of large-scale models of national production (on 29 September 2025, the company went online at Deepseek-v3.2-exp, which announced model fit-out and opened up the large model reasoning engine vllm-mlu source code) to fully construct the large model software output, respond positively to national policies and take the lead in shaping the national production numeracy supply chain.
The stock ring ratio has grown significantly, laying a solid foundation for future product delivery. At the end of the third quarter of 2025, the company ' s inventory was 3,729 million \triangleright infrastructure inputs, and the demand for arithmetic continued to surge, while inventory growth was expected to meet strong downstream demand.
Proactive pre-positioning, on the other hand, enhances supply chain resilience, ensures stable delivery of cloud chip products, keeps the R & D costs on the rise, keeps the technology ahead, and keeps the product market competitive.
Cold War (688256): Second-quarter performance and high-level R & D inputs are the company's lead in the national production of the ai chip, strengthening the technology moat during high-speed industrial development, building ecological walls R & D - corporate summary report
Long-term strategy. At the hardware level, the company's new generation of smart processors' microstructures and command sets are being developed; at the software level 2. Cold Warx (688256): the cloud edges co-form the country, and companies continue to optimize and adapt their basic system software platforms.
On 30 September 2025, the company issued a “Report on the Distribution of Shares in the Year 2025” which, according to the announcement, was issued as of 26 September.
As a result, the company’s monetary capital at the end of the third quarter was $5,178 million, an increase of $3,324 million over the end of the second quarter, not only to ensure the smooth running of its daily production, but also to provide a strong financial guarantee for the subsequent development of chips and software. The investment proposal is that the company’s cloud-end series of 590 won a strong boost to overall performance, benefiting from a product’s performance lead.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.