I'm a leading player in computing chip technology, co-development of hardware and software — a study on the dynamics of typhoid wiki-u (688256.sh)
The main reasons for this improvement are the company ' s continued deepening and large models, technical cooperation among front-line firms such as the Internet, and the Department ' s active promotion of the acceleration of the fall in the application of the ai to further expand the income base, thanks to the technical advantages of the arithmetic chip.
ai-capex drives the need for numeracy on a continuous basis, and a
The tech giants continue to invest more in the arithmetic hardware and announce heavyweight aai infrastructure input plan.
On the domestic front, the csp factories of Ali, Tung, and bytes have also been upgrading capex to build arithmetic infrastructure. For example, Ali announced at the Cloud Habitat Congress that he was going to save the future.
In addition to the $380 billion capex plan for three years, additional investments are planned to build clouds and ai hardware.
Global demand for arithmetic has grown in an explosive fashion. According to idc, multi-dimensional development, chip technology innovation has broken out of the field, and the global market for arithmetic servers is expected to reach 22.27 billion in 2028.
At the heart of the Pre-status 2024-08-04 facility, unprecedented opportunities for development have emerged. At the policy end, the offshore arithmetic chip has been disturbed by geopolitical factors for its use.
For example, in April 2025, British Wetdah 20, a special market for China, was listed by the U.S. government as an export control. As a result, national production and self-research of arithmetic chips are on the move.
At present, the center core is in the center core.
By 2024, the center core had a standard 8-inch logical monthly production capacity of 948,000 units. In the first half of 2025, the center core developed a step-by-step expansion of production capacity, adding 20,000 additional 12-inch standard logical monthly capacity.
In three to five years, CKI is expected to continue to expand its production at a rhythm of about 50,000 pieces of 12 inches per year. At the same time, CKI’s capacity utilization is gradually increasing, and CKI is continuously optimizing 28 nm, 40 nm, 65 nm.
The process of rice and 90 nanometers. At a time of serious geopolitics, we think that capex from China’s ai-related companies will be deeply linked to the supply of home-grown chips.
The problem will be solved gradually, with 100% of the top producers, Kunlun, Wutiki, and Hua, producing a chip. The ai chip will lead the way, and the software and hardware will work together to improve future performance.
Billion dollars for the construction of a large model chip platform project to enhance the company's ability to combine ai chip technology and products for a large model; and $1.452 billion for the construction of a large model software platform with the mobilization of funds.
On the hardware side of the ai, the corporate team has developed intelligent processors and chip products, including cold martial arts 1a, cold martial arts 1h, cold martial arts 1m series of intelligence processors for the terminal scene; based on the 100th, 270th, 290th and 370th.
A series of cloud-based smart acceleration card products; an accelerator card based on the edge of the 220 chip. The company’s products now serve large model algorithms, service providers, artificial intelligence applications, radiation cloud computing, energy, education, gold.
In terms of software, the large-scale commercialization of smart chips requires a balance between ease of use and programability and the depth of the software platform.
The platform (cuda) has been continuously upgrading over time, helping with the rapid expansion of the microchip and the continuous optimization of user experiences, increasing user stickyness, and creating a leading position in the artificial intelligence market. The company now has initial software.
The open service capacity of the platform. In the future, the company will further build up the capability of a full-process open service that should be deployed to cover the development of large-scale model technologies through a technological innovation study of the software platform for large models.
The rapid understanding and use of corporate products, the efficient and easy transfer of existing models to corporate products, and the efficient and easy integration of corporate products into the various industries are the few comprehensive systems in the current industry that have mastered smart chips and their underlying systems.
One of the companies that specialize in software development and product-based core technologies is the core technology that companies possess, with some technical barriers, and key core technologies are at the forefront of the industry. At the same time, the company’s products are subject to high-quality customers such as downstream cloud computing, the Internet, etc.
We believe that, with the future co-development of corporate hardware and software, the company’s arithmetic chip is expected to meet more orders, and the company’s performance is expected to continue to improve.
Performance is expected to improve continuously, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” investment rating.ai demand is not as high as expected, corporate fund-raising projects are not progressing as expected, clients collect medium-high risks and supply chain stability-related risks.
The Electronic Communications Group presents Lu Jooyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, 4 years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Xuan: Bachelor of International Political Economics, University of Hayashida, Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023
Ishi Joon-hoon: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, two degrees in actuarials and statistics, University of New South Wales, where research is directed towards pcb. This reflects my research perspective. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the relevant index of market representation of the stock or industry index is projected relative to the main indicators of the relevant securities market: a share market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.