Quarterly performance rating 2025: performance meets expectations, ai eco-synergy deepening research assistant, Li Yawen
• The product system is perfect and the whole scene is fast-tracked. Since its inception, the company has launched the Cold War 1a, the Cold War 1h, the Cold War 1m series of smart processors for the terminal scene;
A series of products; edge smart acceleration cards based on the 220 chip. In the process, companies build strong partnerships with the industrial chain, both upstream and downstream, to advance the development of the artificial intelligence industry. Corporate smart chips and processor products can efficiently support large models.
Multimodel artificial intelligence tasks that are combined with training and reasoning, visual (intelligent processing of images and videos), voice processing (voice recognition and integration), natural language processing and recommended systems can support the training and reasoning tasks of the current mainstream open source model of the market for many years.
The market is being promoted, and corporate products are now serving the intellectual upgrading of large model algorithms, server manufacturers, artificial intelligence applications, radiation cloud computing, energy, education, finance, telecommunications, medical care, networking, etc.
On 30 September, Deepseek-v3.2-exp was released to reduce the costs of reasoning and prolong the context on the basis of the dsa structure.
On October 15, Hong Kong and Yu Tsi announced that they had signed a performance evaluation for the new stage of development with Xinjiang-Chao-Chao-Chao-Chao-Chao-Chao, with an increase of 4348% in the same year, and a strategic cooperation agreement focusing on the joint optimization of hardware and software and the building of an open and win-win partnership.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is the leader of the domestic ai chip, and with the rapid growth of the ii chip market model, the company is expected to build on the expanding product layout and ecological construction to take over the Cold War-u (688256): 2024
Markets. Based on corporate performance announcements, and based on the current trend towards rapid growth in company performance, we report on & 25q1: top client collection, three financial forecasts:
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.