The performance of the three-quarterly report, in 2025, continued to grow and maintain high R & D inputs. In the previous three quarters, the company achieved a business start.
For $4.607 billion, or +2386.38 per cent, the net return to the mother is $1.605 billion (compared to $724 million in the previous year), which is a significant loss. In the third quarter, the company achieved an operating income of $1,727 million, or +1332.52 per cent, and a net return to the mother was $567 million (go).
A single-quarter net profit is positive. The company ' s sales rate for the first three quarters was 55.29%, which is essentially the same as the previous three quarters; the net interest rate for sales was 34.81%, and profitability continued to rise. At the end of the line, the company ' s sales rates for the first three quarters, management costs, financial costs, research and development
On October 22, 2025, the cost of corporate sales, administrative costs and R&D rates, apart from negative shifts, declined significantly, mainly as a result of a significant increase in revenue during the reporting period.
During the reporting period, companies maintained high R & D inputs, with a total of 715 million R & D inputs in the previous three quarters, which were historically high, and downstream demand is expected to accelerate delivery. At the end of the reporting period, the company stock continued to deepen its technical cooperation with leading firms in areas such as large models, the Internet, etc., with artificial intelligence.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the growing demand for home-grown artificial intelligence arithmetic throughout the year. On October 21, the company completed a fixed increase of $3.985 billion to respond to a rapid increase in the demand for intelligence.
Billion dollars; (3) liquidity replenishment, to be used to raise 479 million yuan. We believe that this increase will help optimize the capital structure of the company and support its high R & D inputs. Profit projections and investment ratings: in the last three quarters, the performance of the company grew at a high rate, downstream.
In the context of large-scale game games, companies, as a home-grown and national-led company, are expected to benefit fully from the process of national substitution. In addition, the company has recently successfully completed a fixed increase of nearly $4 billion, which will allow it to continue with subsequent chip research and development and ecological construction. We predict the company.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.
Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC. The risk rating in this report is r4, and is used only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the company's investors' adequacy management requirements. The company does not consider it an ex officio customer for any institution or individual to receive the report.
The opinion and judgement of the day are published. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obliged to do so.