High performance increases, self-reinforcing barriers are expected to intensify, performance significantly improves in a single quarter, and indicators such as inventories show that the supply of the industrial chain is more resilient.
High performance growth: In January-September 2025, the company achieved a gross operating income of $4.607 billion, an increase of 2386.38 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother of $1.605 billion, a significant improvement over the same period. The company continued to expand its market and was active in enabling artificial intelligence applications, contributing to a significant increase in income over the same period of the previous year. At the same time, the company continued to develop research and development.
In order to focus its investment, R & D costs in the first three quarters were $843 million, an increase of about 28 per cent over the previous three quarters. 2) There was a significant increase in inventories: by the end of the three quarters, the inventory was approximately $3.7 billion, an increase of about $1 billion compared to the end of the last quarter. As a home-country chip tap, the continued increase in stocks suggests that the supply of industrial chains, such as corporate chips, is more resilient.
This increase is expected to be successful, and the barriers are expected to be strengthened, and the country can benefit fully from the opportunity of nationalization. 1) According to the Report on the Distribution of a Stock to Selected Targets in 2025, the company has actually released a stock to a specific target until 1500 hours on 26 September 2025.
The combination of chip and software technology in Kwok's field will be significantly enhanced, and a matrix of arithmetical and hardware technology capabilities will be developed for large model sizes, allowing for the rapid construction of different cores according to the needs of different clients.
3) On September 29th, 2025, the Cold War has been synchronized to match the latest model of Deep Call Company, DeepSeek-v3.2-exp, and to open up a large model reasoning engine
vllm-mlu source code. In terms of eco-construction of large model software, Xinwu supports all mainstream open-source models using DeepSeek as a proxy.
In-depth software and hardware co-optimization of the DeepSeek series model resulted in the industry leading one-quarter evaluation of the year 025: performance over-expected, inventory key indicators.
Arithmetic utilization level. For the new model structure of Deepseek-v3.2-exp, Xinjiang achieved rapid adaptation through triton computing, extreme performance optimization using the bangc integration algorithm development, and base 3. Xinjiang-u (688256.sh) tri-quarter reporting points in 2024
A parallel strategy to calculate and communicate has led the industry to a level of efficiency in computing. According to the ToteepSeek-Assessment: a significant increase in income in a single quarter, a completely new deepseeksparseatention mechanism brought by the national production arithmetic v3.2-exp, adding company chip calculations
Efficiencies of potential 2024/11/02, which can significantly reduce the costs of training in long sequence scenarios, together provide a highly competitive soft and hard customer 4. Cold War-u (688256.sh) semi-annual report 2024
The solution is expected to benefit fully from the important opportunity of arithmetic national production.
Investment Recommendations: The company is the lead in the national production of the ai chip, actively developing a new generation of smart processors microstructures and 5. typhoon wiki-u (688256.sh) covering reports for the first time: pre-direction set, driving smart chips and acceleration cards in a number of priority sectors such as the Internet, operators, finance, energy, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.