The performance of the first half of the year recorded a loss of approximately $9.8 billion and the degradation of stock debt was effective, as a result of: 1) significant decline in the size of real estate development projects and the Māori rate, 1h24 development operations
The decline in the company’s Māori rate is influenced by several factors. First, the loss of profits is caused by a price-for-price exchange; and second, the high land value of the project acquired before 2022 and the current closure period put pressure on current profits.
In order to return the funds more quickly, the company has taken more determined action on asset transactions and the disposition of the shares, paying a portion of the sum of 100 million, and delivering 74,000 units. The drop in sales is equal to the average decline in the number of top firms.
At the end of June, there were 2,213 million square metres of unsold resources in the statement, with contracts totalling approximately $327.2 billion, a decrease of 5.4 per cent and 9.2 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.
-5.176 billion yuan, of which q2 net operating cash flows have been reversed to $4.2 billion. Huanko has continued to reduce its stock debt, accumulated debt service of $52.4 billion in the first half of the year, and total external public debt has been paid out during the year, leaving only $2 billion in the remaining one.
Increased financing and refinancing of $61.2 billion, with an average financing cost of 3.66 per cent. There has also been considerable progress in the transformation of the financing model, and the White List has been active: 20 billion dollar consortium loans led by the Caller Bank were secured in May, with performance pressure. The company has managed and sold through a package, and
Actively reducing leverage and reforming the transition will make it possible to start again lightly. With the continued strength of real estate optimization policies, future housing markets will be warming, corporate degradation stock debt will come to an end, corporate sales will drop over the expectations, performance and financial deficits.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.