BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW, BMW.
The BMW previously identified suppliers including Ningde, Samsung, and nonthvolt, with orders of 7.3 billion, 2.9 billion, and 2 billion euros, respectively. We expect the BMW to be supplied by Ningde, and the BMW to be able to locate two billion lithiums; the BMW is expected to be supplied by Ningde, three stars and two, and noorthvolt has been supplied by 300 million latitudes since 24th.
Lithium is expected to break through the BMW’s overseas market supply system. The company’s power cell multi-technology routes are recognized by a large international clientele, with wide space.
In addition, the company ' s three-dollar soft, packaged battery, in collaboration with the sk, had successfully entered the Daimler supply chain with a ten-year contract and q4 had begun in 19; and the soft package had entered the modern Keasu supply chain, with an estimated six-year order of 13.48gwh.
All three-dimensional and lithium squares are highly recognized by mainstream domestic and foreign car companies, and there is now a preliminary production pattern, after which the expansion of the renewable capacity begins to advance into the harvest period. At the same time, more high-quality customers are expected to land, and technology is expected to launch 25 new energy vehicles in parallel to the BMW 23 years ago, 25 years ago, with a penetration rate of electric vehicles of more than 25% and power batteries required.
BMW plans to launch 25 new energy vehicles by 2023, more than 50% of which are pure electric vehicles, two years ahead of schedule. It also plans to raise the number of pure electric motor vehicles to five within two years, covering suv and sedans. BMW is expected to sell 16/28/73,000 electric vehicles in 20/21/25, corresponding to battery demand.
11/15/38gwh. Of these, BMW China market sales in 20/21/25 are estimated at 5/10/26 million, corresponding to the June recovery of the 100-billion-latitude Tws battery order, and the electronic smoke track continues to outpace expectations. 1) tws operations, April-May principals 1, and "Golden-latitude lithium energy" (300014):
Contact domestic clients and overseas clients are expected to move forward with the audit process in the second half of the year. There are about 50 million Smol 20h1 withholdings, and one is expected to produce 200 million capacity per year by the end of the 20th century, with a significant increase.) E-smoking, q2 Smol e-smoking
Look at the long-term growth of e-smoking. 3) The power business, the three-dollar soft bag, is now full of production and is expected to produce 2.5gwh a year, contributing 2.5 billion dollars. This year's capacity will be expanded to 9gwh, which will be followed by the launch of capacity-building beyond 20gwh+, with modern sub-orders for 21 years.
It will also be released, and the company will continue to grow with a high volume of soft-bag batteries. The rectangular lithium 20h1 loader is 0.25gwhh, down by 55% from the same time, with an assessment of the increase in the gold beans plus soft-pack contribution, the availability of alternative storage capacity, electric ships, etc., where it is expected that lithium will be delivered over 3gwh throughout the year, combined power and storage of lithium.
Managing the Impact of the Epidemic 2020-04-27, determined to sustain steady growth.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect companies to be expected to return to their parent net profit in 2020-2022, BMW's location, and BMW's three-dimensional rectangular approvals for autonomous research and development. The company's announcement has been confirmed by BMW's location. The BMW previously identified suppliers, including Ningde, Samsung, nonthvolt, with $7.3 billion, 2.9 billion, respectively.
Two billion euros in orders. We expect the BMW to be supplied by the Ningde era, and the BMW to be supplied by the BMW, and the BMW to be supplied by Ningde, and the BMW to be supplied by the Three Stars, and the Northvolt to be supplied by the G3 from 24, and the BMW to be followed by the GbM overseas supply system.
The company's power cell multi-technology routes are recognized by a large international client and are wide-ranging. The billions of latitudes have a deep electric and chemical domain base, with a strong focus on research and development inputs.
In cooperation with Quaker, a ten-year contract had been signed to enter the Daimler supply chain successfully, with delivery starting in q4 in 19; and the Soft Pack had entered the modern Keeja supply chain, with six-year orders expected to be 13.48gwh. So far, three-dollar soft bags, three-dimensional squares, and lithium squares have been highly recognized by mainstream domestic and international car companies, and there is now an initial production layout, and the subsequent expansion of capacity has begun.
BMW plans to launch 25 new energy vehicles 23 years ago, 25 years with more than 25% penetration, and heavy power batteries. BMW plans to launch 25 new energy vehicles by 2023, of which more than 50% are pure electric vehicles, compared to the original.
The BMW is expected to sell 16/28/73,000 electric vehicles in 20/21/25, corresponding to the battery demand of 11/15/38gwh. Of these, BMW China market is expected to sell 5/10/260,000 electric vehicles in 20/21/25, respectively.
Billion-latitude tws battery orders were restored in June, and electronic smoke lanes continued to outpace expectations. 1) tws business, whose major guest orders were significantly reduced in April-May, began to recover in June, and are expected to be above 01. Meanwhile, companies are actively engaged with domestic clients, and overseas customers are expected to continue their audit progress in the second half of the year.
At the end of the 20th century, 200 million capacity is produced annually, with a marked increase. 2) Electronic smoke, q2 Smoll electronics, has improved significantly, and three-dollar soft bags are now full and are expected to produce 2.5gwhh a year, contributing 2.5 billion dollars. This year, capacity will be expanded to 9gwh, followed by the launch of more than 20gwh+ capacity-building, with the release of modern Kia orders in 21 years, and corporate soft-pack batteries will continue.
High growth. The square lithium 20h1 loader, 0.25gwh, drops by 55% on the same year, with additional storage capacity, electric ships, etc., is expected to produce more than 3gwhh annually, with combined power and storage lithium battery revenues expected to reach 5 billion. In addition, the company ' s lithium cell, 1865 cylinder battery, customer quality and a stable share will continue to grow steadily.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board