BMW's targeted letter, and the power cell broke out in the immediate aftermath: on July 21st, BMW's company, Lithium Power Company Lake North, Inc., received the agreed supply point from BMW Motors Ltd. (bmwbrillanceautomotivetd.).
The power cells are in full harvest, the three-dollar batteries are on high-speed growth, and the company's three-dollar softbags have entered the Daimler, modern Kia and Peng supply chains, and this time they've got BMW dots that show that the company's power cells are in the first-class ladders. 1) 2020h1 Daimler sales are relatively stable overseas.
It is expected that Demler will be delivered to 2gwh throughout the year; (b) the company ' s soft-packed pap 7 with an increase in sales of pp7; and (c) the subsidiary ' s 100 million latitudes in 2019 received the supply market value (millions of dollars) from modern Kia:
In aggregate, the company's triple-power battery revenue is expected to reach $2.55 billion in 2020; it is expected that modern Kea and BMW demand will be released in 2021, that the triple-power battery revenue will continue in 2021, and that Smolq2 will outperform the expected return on investment over the next two years.
Smolq2 net profit is about $1.02 billion, an increase of about 73% in the same year, and is expected to be in the big supermarket. We're $1 billion, taking into account the non-recurring gains and losses, and in 2020 the net return on the mother was $2,018 billion, and the net profit on the Lithium at the latitudes is expected to be $5.174 billion in the period 2021-2022.
Smog Tws Battery, with an autonomous patent, is expected to continue to expand its client tws Battery with 48 patents, circumvent the Walta patent blockade, and have full proof of access to the Samsung supply chain.
The dollar securities company Research -- Lithium Million Latitude (3000014) series II: Electricity has developed research and development manufacturing capabilities, and tws batteries are being released as three stars continue to produce new products. It is expected to expand its foreign and domestic branding clients in the future, depending on the size of the production and the quality of the product.
One billion-latitude lithium power cells are entering a profit period, with tws batteries as the bright spot for the consumption of lithium. We expect Smoll to have a net profit of $3.399 billion in 2020, taking into account non-recurring gains and losses, and a net profit of $1.999 billion for the mother (in the case of a non-net profit based on Smoor deductions, hundreds of millions of latitudes).
This report is presented independently, objectively and with a diligent professional attitude. I am committed to reporting using data from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.