20/07/2020 Smolq2 performance is over-expected, and profits are expected to continue to increase 7.20 Smol International Bulletin, which, based on adjusted net profits, the company expects to deduct 2020h1
Smolq2 net profit is about $1.02 billion, an increase of about 73 per cent over the same period.
Morq1 achieved a profit of approximately $271 million; the second quarter benefited from an increase in overseas client orders, a net increase in companies, and a steady rise in downstream customers vuse, vape, etc. Smoll is a high-tung + Fuxcom in electronic smoke, with large medium- and long-term space.
Smoll is on a fast-growing consumer track, with industrial chains like high-speed +Fuscan, peer-to-peer competition, medium- and long-term space. Smoor fog cores and surrogates are leading the world by borrowing the lead feed fog cores, Smoll successfully entering the global tobacco giant supply chain, downstream customers.
This includes Japanese tobacco, English-American tobacco, relx, and njoy. The city of Smol was 10.1% in 2018, and Smol is a company that is researching -- billion latitudes of lithium (3000014) series II: electricity points. Smol currently has a total design capacity of 1.56 billion pcs, and the company ipo is raising $6.86 billion in Hong Kong.
By 2024, a total of 3.140 billion pcs had been added, and Smol raised funds to automate the origin line.
q1 is growing brightly under the pressure of the epidemic, positive for year-round performance. Billion-latitude lithium power cells are entering a profit period, using tws batteries as a glimmer of lithium consumption. The company also holds a 33.11% share in Smaur, which we believe will be in the city in 2025.
We expect Smoll to have a net profit of 3,399 million yuan in 2020, taking into account the non-recurring loss of the annual net profit of 1,999 million yuan (if Smoor's net profit is used, the net profit of the entire year is expected to be 2,435 million yuan).
Taking into account Smoll’s over-expected growth, our performance in the next two years is expected to be higher than we expected for the next two years, and the company’s e-smoking sales are expected to fall short of expectations, and there is a risk of policy regulation. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.