Lithium electricity growth is strong and profitability is increasing significantly -- mid-2020 report.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2020. In the first half of 2020, the company achieved a gross operating income of $376 million, an increase of 25.55 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was $816 million, an increase over the same period, based on the non-recurrent nature of Seymour International and without consideration of the above-mentioned assumptions.
There was a strong growth and a significant increase in profitability in the operations of the Lithium Main Company in the first half of 2020, where the company Lithium Main Company maintained a strong growth momentum, with consumption. Battery achieved operating income of $1.815 billion, an increase of 7.24 per cent, compared with 7.24 per cent in the power cell business.
Tibet Billion Latitude Holdings Ltd. has a percentage point to 27.91%. We measure the company's lithium ion and lithium polymer battery when the company's investment returns are excluded.
In the first half of the year, the net profit on lithium power was about $300 million, an increase of about 128 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, the company generated operating revenues of $1.815 billion in consumer-type batteries, an increase of 7.24% over the same period, including lithium primary batteries, triple cylinder batteries, and small 3c-type battery products. For lithium primary batteries, the company generated $647 million in the first half of the year.
The business Māori rate was 42.21 per cent, an increase of 1.71 percentage points, mainly due to the upgrading of the company’s production lines and significant cost-side improvements. The miniature 3c battery, a soybean battery product, was also delivered in bulk at the tws application market.
The marketing of products and company optimization of customer structure, the Māori rate of company small lithium ion battery operations increased by about 4 percentage points in the same year.
In the first half of 2020, the company ' s power cell business generated business revenues of 1,361 million yuan, an increase of 62.59 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rapid increase in the overseas sales of the company ' s soft-pack 3-dollar battery.The company ' s current 3-gwh soft-pack battery production has been in bulk in Daimler since the end of last year.
In the second half of this year, the company's overseas operations generated 1,548 million yuan, an increase of 142% over the previous half, of which three dollars in soft-packed power cells contributed the bulk. The company received an agreed supply from BMW.
At a point, the rectangular trio of autonomous research and development is recognized by a large international client. In addition, in the field of storage energy, companies have succeeded in winning representative projects such as “China's centralized procurement of phosphate lithium batteries in 2020”: a sustained increase in the share of supply in cooperation with a number of domestic manufacturers of communications equipment.
Over the next six months, we will maintain the company’s “uptake” rating. The demand for lithium batteries downstream is not as high as expected, the production capacity of the company’s power cells is not as fast as expected, the new customers of tws bean batteries and power batteries are not imported as expected, and the share company is operating.
The author of this report, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces the report independently and objectively, with due diligence and professionalism, and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately, and does not constitute any third-party conclusion.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.