"Small 20h1 is unprofitable, looking at the long-term growth of e-smoking.
2 Smoor's e-smoking business has improved significantly, with a billion-dollar investment return estimated throughout the year. q1 affected by the epidemic, company production was largely stagnant in February and its capacity recovered fully from the epidemic in mid-March. Smoor net profit of 270 million, net profit of 02 over 1 billion (business-related) and demand recovery overall was better than expected.
In the United States, the concentration of industries has gradually increased, vuse and njoy have gradually eroded their share of juul, while the main supplier of joy, vuse, and njoy is Smael, and therefore the company () has increased its performance by the same period.
The cbd operation is expected to resume, leading to further growth in demand. We expect to achieve 3.5-4 billion lire in Smol in 20 years, to be firmly held at a distance of 100 billion latitudes, with sustained high growth gains. Smol's share in the electronic aerosol market reached 16.5% in 19 and the world's second highest in 10 percentage points. The current e-smoking market is 36.7 billion dollars in size, seepage.
The penetration rate is only 4.9%, and the company expects the e-smoking market to be $111.5 billion in 2024 and 25% more in 19-24. The company has a unique patent and no strong competitors in the industry, and has been deeply tied downstream customers. At the same time, the company is actively expanding the hnb market, strengthening it with the technical advantages of the ceramic process.
In 20 years, the company’s shares have been on the market, raising $6.9 billion for capacity expansion, and are expected to double in 24 years, and the city’s share is expected to rise gradually, contributing to a steady increase in the return on investment that will contribute to the billions of latitudes of lithium.
Billion-latitude tws battery orders are restored in June, power is fully loaded and solidly growing over the long term. 1) tws business, with major client orders having been significantly reduced in April-May, started to recover in June, and are expected to be above 01 levels. At the same time, companies are actively engaged with domestic customers, and overseas clients are expected to continue their audit process for the second half of the year.
One hundred and twenty-three hundred million latitudes of lithium (3000014) is a quarterly report, a soft bag for Daimler + pelican, which is now fully produced and is expected to produce 2.5gwh, contributing 2.5 billion dollars in revenue throughout the year.
This year, the capacity will be expanded to 9gwh, followed by the start-up of more than 20gwh+ capacity building, and the release of 21-year modern orders to smooth out the effects of the epidemic 2020-04-27, with the company ' s soft-bag batteries growing at a very high rate.
Total power and storage of lithium batteries: performance in line with expectations, 20 years of power and
Revenue is expected to reach 5 billion. In addition, the company ' s lithium primary battery, 1865 cylinder batteries, customer quality, share stability, 300 billion latitude lithium energy (3000014) performance rate: performance meets expectations, 20 years of movement
There is a potential for growth in the power and tws batteries.