Smoll's continued over-expected growth, with three-dollar softbags becoming growth poles, revenue and profitability synergizing, regardless of a net profit of $816 million, an increase of 63.08 per cent over the previous reporting period of the company's operating income of $3.176 billion, an increase of 25.55 per cent over the same period, attributable to net profit of $363 million.
The city's share has been rising upwards, guaranteeing a steady increase in lithium primary battery operations throughout the year. 3) Lithium ion batteries earn 2.53 billion yuan, the main increase being from overseas shipments of power soft-packed batteries, while triple cylinders and 3-cells are not afraid of the effects of the epidemic. Growth has been faster, with a Māori rate of 27.91 per cent, an increase of 2.38 pcts over the same period, which is the consumer of lithium electricity customers and product structure.
The three-dollar package became the growth pole, the overseas supply space, and the international customers of the three-dollar package, including Daimler, modern Kia, BMW, entered the supply chain.
The competitiveness of the company ' s power cells has entered the first-class ladder. 1) 2020h1 Daimler ' s overseas sales are relatively stable, with 2 gwh expected to be delivered to Daimler throughout the year; 2) company ' s January-July domestic loading volume of 0.41 gwh.
The top ranking is the expected 1641 BMW-type pp delivered in July and sold year-round. BMW dots, power cell bursting at 2020.07.22.
In sum, the company is expected to earn 2.5 to 30 billion yuan in 2020; in 2021, the demand for Asia and BMW began to grow, and the triple battery became the growth pole of the company’s revenue.
Smolq2 performance exceeded expectations, the Māori rate rose significantly, and investment returns were expected over the next two years. 1) Smol ' s operating income during the international reporting period was $3.881 billion, net profits (total profits over the period and total gains) were $77 million and non-recurring gains and losses of $1,231 million, of which the priority share was converted to a fair value loss
Because of the scale effects of steady income growth, on the other hand, increased operational efficiency has led to lower production costs. 3) Smoor and billion latitude lithium performance are expected to yield an investment gain of 670 million (or 1,125 million on the basis of deductions) over 20 years.
The tws battery is expected to improve on the customer’s listing of new products. 3c and the cylindrical battery are required to produce this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, with the qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Industry Association.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.