High growth in power cell blocks, high growth in electronic smoke — report on the assessment of the Lithium Energy at 100 million latitudes — announcement: company revenue growth rate of 2020h1 + 26 per cent, net profit growth at mother value - 27 per cent
Lithium billion latitudes were able to publish the semi-annual report for 2020: during the reporting period, companies achieved 3.2 billion yuan in operating income, compared to +26 per cent, and net profit on maternity was $360 million, compared to 27 per cent. The Māori rate was 28 per cent, compared to +2pc, assessed in terms of flat levels in the Lithium Plain, steady increases in consumption, higher power levels, and electronic smoke met expectations.
In the first half of the year, as a result of the epidemic, it disrupted the company’s normal pace of operations, but the company managed to adjust its response positively, with good performance and a return to high growth expected in the second half of the year. Lithium primary batteries: in the first half of the year, it earned about $600 million, compared to 1%. Lithium primary batteries are the company’s tradition.
One of the core businesses, smart metering, smart security, shared economy, and so on, has seen a steady increase in market demand, and incomes and Maori rates have remained stable compared to the same period last year. Lithium batteries are consumed: Lithium batteries are consumed for the first half of the year, with revenues of about $1.2 billion, or +10%.
Bean-type batteries, tri-cylinder batteries are in good demand downstream, companies are launching high-quality products for active release, and it is expected that the company’s lithium ion battery performance will continue to grow at a high rate as the downstream sales boundary expands. Lithium power cell: the first six months of the year generated about 1.3 billion yuan, compared to 63%.
To date, the company has entered into supply contracts with Daimler, Modern Kia, Little Peng, etc., and has received a letter from the Chinese BMW supply point, which will continue to expand its high-quality customers both domestically and internationally.
E-smoking: The e-smoking contribution in the first half of the year was about $200 million, compared to about 350 million during the same period last year. The significant decline in performance contribution was due to the fact that the stock listing in Port Smoor was off-the-shelf (including priority swaps/transferables, listing costs, equity incentive costs, etc.) and was therefore reflected in the decline in the statement.
In the first half of the year, Smoor made a net profit of $1.31 billion, compared to +40 per cent, based on the super-expected growth of the electro-smoking plate, the smooth progress of the lithium cell operation, and the steady stabilization of the lithium plate.
The energy automobile industry has less than expected demand for storage capacity, less demand for electronic smoke, public flight 2020-08-10 Smore International performance 20h1, corporate collection
BMW Supply Agreed Point Letter 2020-07-22.
"Lithium Power Operations at the Hacking Point, E-Smoking Investment Gains " , 2019-02-27