One hundred million latitudes of lithium (300014.sz) Soft bag batteries into the release phase.
Zhao Teng Fai, the consumer battery remained robust. The 2020h1 consumer battery business generated $1.815 billion, an increase of 7.24 per cent over the same period, and continued to grow steadily. (1) Lithium primary batteries: smart watch, smart
At the same time, companies focus on the layout and development of traditional smoke-proof markets, smart home products, and tpms markets to acquire new market space. (2) Small lithium ion batteries: companies introduce bean batteries with autonomous intellectual property rights, in the new ones
The current tws application market is recognized by its customers and a bulk supply has been achieved. (3) Trinity cylinder batteries: the demand for downstream markets is strong and negative growth is achieved. Power cells are growing rapidly, soft-packed batteries are entering the release period. 2020h1 power cell industry
The increase of 62.59 per cent over the same period is due mainly to the rapid increase in sales off the ocean of soft-packed tri-dollar batteries. (1) New energy vehicles: the company's soft-pack triple-dollar batteries are entering productive release, their capacity utilization is increasing rapidly, and international client orders such as Daimler and modern Kia have been obtained.
The new energy commercial vehicle: as the company's new capacity is released, it breaks delivery bottlenecks and contributes to a further increase in its market share. (3) Storage capacity: The Division's successful bid for a representative project such as China's move towards a centralized purchase of phosphate lithium batteries in 2020.
Add 1.71 pct, due mainly to the continuous improvement of the relevant production processes; and a 24.26 per cent increase of 3.98 pct in lithium ion batteries, due mainly to company integration and optimization at the operational level, upgrading of technology, and binding of the needs of large clients for customization and continuous product at the product end
The Māori rate for new products is relatively higher. The overall Māori rate for companies recovered slightly during the period.202002. 2020h1 sales, management, R&D, and financial fee points 0.41 pct, -0.72 pct, the main reason for the increase in the cost of sales is the increase in corporate soft packages due to the epidemic.
Transport costs for battery exports; the increase in R & D costs is mainly due to increased investment by companies in the power and battery sector, increased reserves of R & D personnel, and continued improvement in the organization of research and development institutes. The four cost rates for companies were 17.76%, a slight increase of 1.07 pct over the same period.
The company's consumer lithium ion battery business, driven by tws headphones, will continue to grow at a high rate, with power cell operations double and 25.6 times, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating.tws business does not expand as much as expected; new capacity does not advance as expected; new energy vehicle needs are not anticipated
Figure 3: Cost rates for the company ' s four periods (%): Māori rate for the company (%)
Figure 5: Net corporate interest rate (%)