Strong growth in the management of business and the gradual entry of innovative business into beneficial regulatory policies, and strong growth in the management and innovation lines of business. Sub-operational operations, influenced by regulatory policies such as investor adequacy management, comprehensive risk management, anti-money laundering 3 etc., 5 traditions
Three of the lines of operation have grown faster, with brokers collecting $403 million, and banks earning $310 million, or 9.12 per cent less. Innovation continues to grow at a high rate of $277 million, an increase of 70.65 per cent. Financial indicators: corporate Māori ratio
96.63 per cent, with an increase of 1.21 pct over the same year, and a total increase of 93.17 per cent in management and sales costs, or 1.11 pcc over the same year; 805 million yuan in net operating cash flows, with a non-recurrent gain or loss of 259 million yuan (including, inter alia, the doubling of cloud management, the release of multiple artificial intelligence products.
High-speed growth in the management of brokerage, management, management of wealth, exchange of wealth, generation of revenue, etc., will be more or less doubled in the future with small and medium-sized institutions such as private fund-raising and third-party finance.
With the company’s leading position in the capital market and its technological capabilities, cloud lines face vast opportunities. To develop new opportunities, innovative lines of business have issued eight artificial intelligence products in 2017, intellectual investment, intelligence information, intellectual regulation, and the like.
Smart customer services, smart operating platforms, etc., have been documented, smart investment advice platforms, smart wind 2. Helium Electronics is reported in 2017: Control, smart investment, etc. are in the process of business development. In addition, companies are active in the area of block chains.
The growth of the harvest is higher than expected, and the open-economy-based gtn platform is starting.
The company's elastic performance as a result of rapid growth in revenue collection, cost growth and maintenance of an “enhanced” investment rating.
Innovative business continues to move forward and look forward to the future.