Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre
Overall, it is expected that structural changes in the management of investments and wealth management it drive new growth: corporate performance is expected, with a significant increase in net profits due, on the one hand, to the low base in 2016, and, on the other hand, to the investment gains generated by the disposal of clouds and leverage ($184 million).
Line: (1) Brokering: Benefiting from appropriate investor management and optimized internal management, Brokering's business increased by 14 per cent over the same year; (2) Managing Investment's business: Core product in the Fund, Guarantee 1. Innovation never absent, Revealing its glory.
There has been a further increase of 33 per cent (an increase of 7 percentage points over the same period last year) in the municipalities in the fields of risk, trust, and so on; (3) wealth operations: benefiting from policies such as appropriate investor management, anti-money-laundering Order No. 3, as well as the growing presence of companies in trust, fund-raising, and tri-sale customers, with a rapid increase in business growth.
The same 31 per cent increase was achieved (4 percentage points higher than last year). In a context of tighter regulation, companies took advantage of full product lines, leading R & D, high-market ownership and branding to seize structured business opportunities and achieve steady growth in revenue collection.
The new regulations effectively drive the management of its operations and are expected to provide performance flexibility: the People's Bank of China, in conjunction with the Bank of China, the Securities Commission, the Insurance Commission, the National Foreign Exchange Administration, has issued the Day on Regulating the Assets of Financial Institutions. The new regulations require that “financial institutions whose main business does not include asset management should be established with a sole identity.
The asset management subsidiary with the status of a legislator, which carries out asset management operations and is not yet in a position to do so, is expected to provide new opportunities for management. High R & D inputs and innovation cycles, and financial science and technology spillovers: increasing R & D investments on a continuous basis
Incoming, in the areas of block chains, artificial intelligence, financial cloud services and so on, innovative operations (aggregation of intelligence, intellectual care, intellectual customer service, etc.) have been further developed on a pilot basis. In 2017, R & D costs amounted to $1.29 billion, or 48% of the total, and R & D stood at 4234 persons, or 62% of the total.
Influencing inputs, interacting with entrepreneurship, building barriers and branding effects in the area of financial science and technology. Taking into account the company’s leading attributes in the field of financial science and technology, we give the company an increased rating, and it is expected that financial regulation policies will limit product innovation and the development of innovative business as expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment