The company expects to make a net return profit for the year 2019.
q4 is either profitable or down, domestic loading is strong, and we've calculated that in 2019 O4 achieved a net return profit of $600-1447 million, the same as right.
According to ggii, in the year 2019, the domestic power plant was 62.38gwh, an increase of 9.46%. The company installed 32.31gwh, an increase in the efficiency of the new cars, both within and outside the country, and continued to benefit the dragon head.
In the last six months, Germany has taken the lead in raising the amount of vehicle subsidies for new energy sources compared to 300 at depths. In November 2019, Germany proposed a scheme to increase the amount of vehicle subsidies for new energy sources, which rose by 50%.
In December of that year, the United States presented a draft discussion on the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Act, which proposed a major adjustment to the new energy car tax subsidy, with a narrow reduction in tax refunds and an increase in the threshold.
It's also the first time that a new energy car has been re-initiated at the annual meeting of the Ministry of Finance 13 to 14 years later. This week, the Minister of Trade and Finance, Hmei, again, said that this year's new energy car policy might have to slow down. The new energy car policy, both in and out of the country, continues to be scaled up, and companies become globalized.
The process of global electricization has accelerated, with companies cooperating deeply with overseas automobile companies, the German company Turingen Battery Production Base, to be built in two phases, and the company Turingen Industries recently started work, which is expected to produce 14 gwh after delivery in 2022.
Deepening collaboration with BMW, Dymler, modern, Jaguar Road Rover, Snow Dragon, Volvo, and other countries with inter-car brands will continue to be marketed inland over the next few years, and the role has begun to evolve from a preferred Chinese supplier of overseas clients to a global strategic partner.
The Division’s products are recognized by overseas drivers, and both technology and costs are in the vanguard of the industry, preponderant in global competition with Matsu, lig chemistry, and Samsti. For leading firms, the technological build-up has an advantage, and the company’s share in the domestic market is expected to increase continuously;
The company’s participation in high-end supply chains abroad has benefited from the acceleration of the global electricization process, maintaining its “deprived growth” rating over the next six months. The demand for the new energy truck market has fallen short of expectations, and the prices of upstream raw materials have fluctuated beyond expectations.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.