In association with Tesla Jianqiang, China's leader is heading towards the fifth of the series of follow-up reports of the world's leader-Nind era (300,750): the company issued an announcement on 3 February 2020 on its business cooperation with Tesla, calling it the company.
An agreement with Tesla to supply lithium ion-powered battery products to Tesla between July 2020 and June 2022 under the Ningd era was to be concluded, without determining the quantity and amount of the purchase, and the final sale would be subject to the actual settlement of the purchase order issued by Tesla.
The power cell taps are stable and the performance is growing rapidly: according to Ministry of Information and Communications data, the GDP in 2019 was 32.06 gwh, with a municipal rate of 51.40%, an increase of 13.9 pct, and, according to ggii, in 19 it was 32.31gwh, with a municipal rate of 51.79%.
According to the company's performance forecast, published on 22 January of this year, the company is expected to achieve a net return profit of 40,644,4911 million yuan in 2019, with a significant expansion of production capacity and a further increase in the volume of output expected: Turingen and Ying Bing.
Pool plants are starting to work, and the pace of expansion is accelerating. According to company announcements, the expansion of the company’s 2020–20 and the expansion of the company’s production capacity at the Tesla Shanghai plant is accelerating, and the company’s output is expected to increase further and there is still much room for growth in future performance.
With company ctp technology applications, 811 incremental replacements, lower cost of raw materials and targeted R & D by a number of large clients including Tesla, it is expected that there will still be a significant decline in company costs _aaa_ Nind era (300,750) stocktaking report_the city
The market share continues to rise to compensate for the decline in the industry, and the outlook for the future.
Risk factors: risk of policy change in the new energy automobile industry, new energy and new technology development
Risks are high, Māori rates fall and orders fall short of expected risks.1 Market shares are rising, domestic leaders are strong, and companies accounted for 51.40 per cent of the total number of cities in 19 years and are at the highest level in the country.
The adjustment of the new energy car subsidy policy in 2019, with domestic power cell manufacturers facing greater survival pressures, and Ninder taking advantage of opportunities in the future, further boosted market shares and stabilized its industry leader by virtue of its technological and cost advantages.
The company has a very wide range of clients and has a stable supply relationship with well-known domestic and foreign automobile companies. The main domestic car companies, such as North, Upper, Gilly, Woo-tung, Hiro, Chang An, Dong Feng, Kim Long, and Jiang bell, have signed larger agreements with the Ningdh era.
In addition, the company has continued to accelerate its overseas expansion and has worked extensively with vehicles such as the general public, BMW, Volvo, Daimler, Toyota, Modern and Jaguar Road Rover, among others, with large orders for vehicles such as the general public, BMW, Volvo, and so on, widening the future profit growth point for the company.
The company has continued to expand its capacity in recent years, raising its investment in the German factory of Turingen from 240 million euros to 1.8 billion yuan in June of this year, and starting construction in December of the Sichuan factory of IYe cell batteries, which it plans to invest 10 billion dollars in 30gwh.
This would mean that the domestic capacity of the three battery manufacturers would determine to a large extent the amount of orders they receive. For now, the domestic capacity of the untied producers would be 5 gwh, and the lg would be about 6 gwh, while the Ninder era would have an absolute advantage in capacity.
Thus, with the production of the Tsla Shanghai plant at full capacity, it is expected that the Ningder era will receive the largest share of Tesla's targeted risk factors: the risk of changes in policies in the new energy automobile industry, the risk of new production and development of new technologies, the decline in the Māori rate, the risk of fewer orders than expected.