Phillipcapital Ningde Time (300,750ch) The Power Battery King, the Strong One.
The Chinese auto parts and components cover the first time that Ninder is a global power cell system provider focused on the new energy vehicle power cell system and storage, with a target price of cny 185.3 (+20%)
The main businesses include the power battery system, the storage system, and the material system for the power cell (mainly the three-dollar pre-drive), which also includes the power cell system, the core, the module and the battery bag, which should be used for electric, commercial, etc.
General stockholders (millions): Expatriate mining companies have tied up raw material suppliers, resulting in the closure of the upstream and downstream chains. Market value (million yuan):
The company introduced equity incentives on three occasions in 2015, 2018, 2019, and the interests of workers and companies are deeply tied.
Founded in 2011 and transformed into a joint-stock company in 2015, the company has made eight rounds of investment and acquired capital: in September 2019, the company announced that it would issue $10 billion in corporate bonds in order to further maintain the expansion of the stock market.
The company was released from the mobile battery department of the global consumer battery (polymer) and the Apple cell service provider atl. The company took over the technology, manufacturing experience and branding channels of the battery in the early years of the company, thanks to the successful collaboration between the first company in 2012 and the BMW, which was the only company in the country that entered the country at the time.
Since 2014, when the state has been supporting the new power grid, the domestic demand for power grids has risen rapidly, and public sources: phillipsecurities (hk)research.
The division grew rapidly. From the volume, Ninder's time was the world's number one since 2017. In 2018 and 2019, China had 56.9gwh and 62.2gwh, with Ninder's timescales of 23.53gwh and 31.71gwh, with market shares of 41% and 51%, compared to Biadi the second place (20% and 17%).
The gap between the three high schools (5%, 5%) is widening. Client concentration is less profitable than spreading risk.
The company has been working closely with the company in the main factory, with the gas, with the gas, with the gas, with the Gilly, with the new power to build the car, with the Wilma, and with the overseas clients, with the company and the BMW for a long time, as well as with the companies of Dao, Daimler, Toyota, Honda, and Volvo. A cooperation agreement with Tesla has recently been announced.
Source: companyreports, phillipsecuritiesest. The distribution of households is more fragmented and tends to spread risks.
In recent years, the Ninder era has seen a steady increase in its size, its effectiveness has become apparent, and its technological and competitive advantages have become more pronounced. The cost of a company’s power cell has now been reduced to 0.75/wh, and, in addition to falling prices for raw materials, the role model has been a major factor in the decline in the price of fixed costs, with an increase in the rate of self-motivation being the main reason.
1. Technological advantages: Early co-operation with atl increased the efficiency of research and development, followed by capital markets to provide capital guarantees for investment in high-level research, allowing companies to make consistent breakthroughs in design and technological innovation, and annual increases in energy intensity of counterfeit products. By the first half of 2019, the company had 4,678 developers, representing the total number of employees.
17%. Research and development costs are 7% of the total cost. Companies and their subsidiaries have 1909 domestic and 59 offshore patents and are applying for 2571. 2 Model cost effects: due to high performance, the company ' s fabric is popular, and the number of matching cars is the same.
The demand and the ability to expand into a virtuous cycle, the company grew from 7 gwh in 2016 to about 40 gwh in 2019. The company now has its own living bases in Ningd, Qinghai, Qingyang, starting with its first overseas production base in Germany. The company plans to reach 150-percent in 2022.
In general, we still have a further margin of decline in the unit cost of the company’s products, mainly due to technological upgrades and forward-looking layouts from the development of inputs, model effects from the upgrading of production, and supply chain management.
Financial indicators are healthy, leading the business, and the Ninder era's performance has increased explosively, with revenues from 2014 as a result of the increase in the volume of goods.
The annual Māori rate is 25.7%/38.6%/43.7%/32.8%. After 2017, the fall was mainly due to price reductions due to the fall of the subsidy policy, but it is still more than 10 percentage points higher than the competition.
Companies have a relatively strong upward and downstream bargaining power that guarantees a good cash flow. The cash flow is roughly twice as high as interest-bearing, the cash-holding contract is nearly five times interest-bearing, and the debt is currently rising globally, especially in Europe, with the electric car policy increasing the amount of new energy.
Plans. With the continued expansion of the future, the release of engineers and the release of engineers, the cost-control advantages of the leading business will become more pronounced, and the dynamic battery industry is expected to show a strong and consistent pattern. Ninder’s time will benefit deep, or supermarket, in the overall world of electricization. We predict the company's 2019/2020/2021.
New business progress is lower than expected, electricity traffic is lower than expected, and macro-economic regression is affecting demand for goods.
The price of raw materials has soared or the price of raw materials has soared.
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcompansionsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverinternbands. Weconsistentualitivefactorslike (butnotlictedto) a stock'sriskrewardprofile, marketsentitment, recentrateofsharepriceation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and pesculative
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this publicity nootbere producedinwholeorin part, distributedor publicised by yoouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallonotbeliableforanydirecticist consequentiosalissalising fromanyuseofmatarealcontaininthispublication.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the only one who can do it.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office at Geneva, and for your assistance in this regard, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know, sir'sdiscussion: philipsecuritiesdoesnoothavisvesvesmentbankingrelationshipshipwiththeelistedcorporationdirectionistinternationalinterstof 1% or more than the marketcapacitacitation.inadddition, noexecutivestaffuffofservicescicultierves asan officeofethelistedcorporation. availability
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"pshk" believedtobeaccurate.pshkdoesnotbetspoonbilityforany Lossocacionedbyrelicationplacesuponthecontentshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoreapployees)
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
# I've got to go # #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go #I've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go # i've got to go
phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rafflescitytower, b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii,
4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, Chuo-ku no.12, Jalanyapkwanseng, 50450kualumpur indonesia
♪ china india ptphillipsecuitiesindonesia ♪
philipfinancialadvisory (shanghai)co.ltd.philipcapital (india) privatelimited anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a,
No.1, 18thbroor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia tailand
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
3rdfloor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet silom, bangrak, bangkok 10500thailand
75008parisfrance london, ec4n6as unted states
I don't know what you're talking about.
phillipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritiesmitted level10,330collinsstreet
Quevel4, mileniumhouse, 46/58 naavammawatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding colombo2, srilanka
Chicago, il6004usa longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
11/Unitedcentre95queenswayhongkong