Confirmed supply of Tesla, much ahead of schedule.
Events: The company is about to sign a procurement agreement with Tesla, United States, and Tesla, China, which has now been signed by the Teslam countries and is still to be signed by Tesla (Shanghai). Supply is scheduled to start on 1 July 20 years, and Titsla continues to outpace expectations. Battery bottlenecks are evident. We expect Tesla to be worldwide in 20 years.
China sells more than 55/15 million vehicles, corresponding to global battery demand of about 40gwh, with capacity remaining at 50% per year, battery demand growing strongly, while American Super Plant battery capacity currently stands at 35gwh (500,000 units should be) q1 taslamodery will be delivered, trucks will be produced in the second half of the year, and pickups in the next 22nd year.
Delivery, while Chinese factories have generated 150,000 capacity, European plants have been in operation for 21 years, and new battery suppliers are urgently needed based on cost reduction and supply chain security considerations.
The company’s global power cell is the largest, the main square battery, and the soft-packed battery technology is mature, and the product is safe.
In terms of energy density, the current energy density after battery formation is about 160-180wh/kg, followed by the gradual diffusion of ctp technology.
This entry into the Tesla supply chain reflects the excellent performance of Ningde products, and does not lose foreign leaders. The details of the collaboration will be fully locked in April by Tesla Battery and the Ningde-era Battery Mastership, and the overseas market will enter the harvest period.
The company entered the Tesla supply chain after the BMW's largest overseas supplier, and now the whole world's mainstream vehicle company is fully engaged, and the company's overseas orders, including the joint venture and the European market, will enter the harvest this year; 21 years with the company's European factory and the offshore flashpoint.
Further safeguards for continued high growth are provided by the year-on-year report, which shows a strong upturn,2 and the three-quarterly report of the Ningde era (300,750).
Review: Reverse income over-expected, Battery Dragon's Sufficiency. 2019-10-27. Pre-advised: significant increase in market share, industry.
Incident: The company is about to sign a procurement agreement with the United States of America, Tesla and China, and the United States has signed it, and Tesla has yet to sign it. It is scheduled to start delivery on 1 July 20, with a two-year period. Tesla continues to outpace expectations, and battery bottlenecks are evident. We expect Tesla to sell more globally/China in 20 years.
55/15 million, corresponding to global battery demand at about 40gwh, with capacity at 50% per year and battery demand at a robust rate, while US Super Plant battery capacity currently stands at 35gwh (500,000 units).q1 Teslamodery will be delivered and truckloads will be delivered in the next half of the year, with 22 years of pickups, while Chinese plants have grown 150,000 capacity, and European factories will be operational in 21 years.
The supply of 21,700 cylinders, according to the announcement that Ninder will start to deliver in July, or that it will be accompanied by a national product, Mode13/y.Techna, endorsed by Tesla, has proved to be a global leader in the Ninder era battery technology.
In terms of energy density, the current energy density after battery formation is about 160-180wh/kg, with subsequent ctp technology increasing by 10-15%. This entry into the Tesla supply chain reflects the excellent performance of the product.
In April, Tesla Battery Day will see details of cooperation. The Ningd era battery masters are fully locked in, and overseas markets will enter the harvest period.
The company’s overseas orders, including joint ventures and the European market, will enter the harvest period, starting this year; 21 years after the company’s European industrial plant began operating, overseas as a flashpoint, providing further safeguards for sustained high growth.