The timing of the layout is perfect. The Ninder era (300,750.sz) Enlarged Proprietary Power.
The company issues a non-publicly released stock plan, which it proposes to raise up to $20 billion for power cells, storage cell projects, capital replenishments, etc.
The time is ripe for a strong expansion to strengthen the leader. The power cell industry is now in the trump phase, with our power cell industry down from 130 to 70 in 2017.
According to the sneresearch data, the company ' s global power cell output reached 32.5gwh (+38.89%) in 2019, and the city ' s share rose further to 27.9%, an increase of 4.5 ptt. The company ' s investment in this project was expanded (16gwh),
The Jiangsu III (24gwh) and Sichuan 1 (12gwh) projects have been expanded to produce a total of 52gwh, adding up to 10 billion yuan worth of the Car Bay project (contract 30gwh), and the current round has been expanded to produce about 82gwh, which, in our view, will significantly boost the capacity of the company's lithium battery.
According to the company announcement, this expansion in Huxi, Jiangsu III, Sichuan III, and 333 million yuan/gwhi, respectively, is expected to lead the company further to strengthen its position and expand its competitive advantage.
According to the company, the average unit price for the three projects is about $0.66/wh (excluding taxes), which is expected to result in a high-vision, high-value, high-value storage. The company's fund-raising project also includes $3 billion for electrical and chemical storage.
Advance technology reserve R & D. By the end of 2019, according to cnesa data, the global storage capacity was 182.8gw (year-on-year +0.99%), of which the cumulative capacity of the electrical and chemical storage capacity was the current overseas power cell companies, igc, sdi etc., with a relatively deep layout in the energy direction of storage.
We believe that the company is the world’s leading power cell company, management vision, corporate skills.
The technological reserves are so strong that entering the Tesla chain is stimulating new energy, and the market is expected to increase. We anticipate that companies, as industry leaders, can offer a certain value premium and maintain their “recommended” ratings. 1) Industry competition increases risks; 2) new energy vehicles are sold less than expected; 3) new energy automobiles are in the industry.
Risk of policy change: 4) project process is not as high as expected risk.