On February 26, 2020, the company issued an announcement that it would invest $10 billion in self-financing.
The renminbi project for the construction of a lithium ion battery base in Ninde Bay, which plans to build power and storage capacity Lithium battery production lines, is expected to be completed in 2022.
At the same time, the company issued a public announcement on the same day to raise $20 billion in private shares for the construction of three power and energy lithium battery projects, energy storage technology development and replenishment of liquidity. Three new lithium battery projects combined $12.5 billion, or 62.5 per cent of the total, were used to raise new capacity.
The company is on a fast-growing road, expanding its capacity using capital markets. Since its listing, the company has completed $2.15 billion in financing. Following the issuance of the new refinancing regulations, the company has been active in capital market operations.
Global lithium battery taps are even stronger. As a power lithium battery tap company, the total power cell load for 2019 was 32.5gwhh, an increase of 38.9% over the same year, and the global market accounted for 27.9%.
China’s lithium battery manufacturing industry has gained international recognition, leading by the lowest price/ceiling effect in a year, prompting the domestic lithium battery industry to move faster to the world.
There are five Chinese enterprises, with a combined volume of 52.6gwh, representing 45.1 per cent of the global volume. In 2020, the company is expected to grow faster against the backdrop of accelerated electricization in Europe, high expectations of national production in Tesla, and a more moderate domestic policy for new energy vehicles.
Markets and technology have a dual advantage in helping companies develop. The company has been ordered by the BMW, the general public, Tesla, and the technology has covered three dollars, lfp, and is well ahead of the latest ctp technology in battery technology. According to Reuters, Tesla and Ningde will be supplying cobalt-free batteries.
It will be phosphate lithium (lfp). In 2019, 32gwhh was installed in the Ningde era, accounting for 52% of the country ' s total installed aircraft, of which 23gwhh phosphate lithium 11gwhh was the first in the country. The company launched a new high-intensity integrated battery development platform with a 40% reduction in the number of spare parts and energy density.
10-15% rise, cost reduction of more than 10%, and technological advances in batteries. Investment advice: companies, as global lithium battery taps, benefit from rapid industrial development, expanding their capacity through active capital markets.
On February 26, 2020, the company issued a public announcement announcing its intention to invest 10 billion yuan in a project to build a lithium ion battery base in Ninder. According to the start of the project, the project plans to build a power and storage lithium battery production line, with capacity planning 45gwh, which is expected to be completed in June/July 2021.
At the same time, the company issued a public announcement on the same day to raise $20 billion in equity funds for the construction of three power and storage facilities for lithium batteries, research and development of storage technologies, and replenishment of liquidity.
The three new lithium battery projects used a combined total of $12.5 billion, or 62.5 per cent, to raise new production, and an additional $2 billion, or 10 per cent of the current fund-raising, for research and development of a front-line technology reserve for electrical and chemical storage, for a total investment of $3 billion, 60 months of the project cycle, and $5.5 billion to supplement liquidity.
The company is on a fast-growing path, expanding its capacity using capital markets. Since its listing, the company has completed financing for a total of hundreds of millions of dollars. Following the issuance of the new refinancing regulations, the company has been actively engaged in capital market operations.
The Ninder era, in addition to its own power cell line, created a power cell line for power cell capacity in a joint venture with upper, single, and wide vehicle brands. Taking into account other ongoing and planned Chinese capacity-building projects at home and abroad, the company’s total capacity is expected to reach 240gwh in 2023.
The world’s new energy vehicle industry is on the verge of rapid growth, with high demand requiring high productivity security. BMW announced an additional $7.3 billion in November 2019, and company officials announced a partnership with Tesla in February 2020. As the demand for high-quality customers continues to grow, both in size and speed, both within and outside the country.
2. Global taps have been further consolidated by the company as a powered lithium battery leader with a total power cell load of 32.5gwhh for the year 2019, a year-on-year increase.
As production capacity expands and downstream customers expand and strengthens, firms’ levels of output will increase at a higher rate. China’s lithium battery manufacturing industry is internationally recognized, and the tap effect drives domestic lithium battery companies to move faster to the world.
There are five Chinese enterprises in the global power cell output of Top10 with a combined volume of 52.6gwh, representing 45.1 per cent of total global output.
According to Reuters, Tesla's negotiations with the Ninder era will supply cobalt-free batteries, which we expect to be phosphate lithium (lfp), which will be Tesla's first use of the lfp battery. We believe that Tesla's change of direction is due mainly to the fact that it will meet the requirements to move away from cobalt dependency, to use the lfp ctp technology, and to be owned by the Ninder era.
The company installed 32gwhh in 2019, representing 52% of the country's total installed aircraft, of which 23gwhh, phosphate lithium 11gwh. were the first in the country.
First, it highlights the company’s absolute technological leadership and vast market capability as a domestic battery locomotive. The phosphate lithium batteries of the Ningde era are mainly carried on commercial vehicles, with customers such as Woo-dong, China-China, China-era, and Xing Jin-Long, the mainstream domestic bus companies.
In 2019, at the Frankfurt International Car Fair in Germany, the Ninder era introduced a new development in cooperation with the new energy source of the North.
According to data published in the Nender era, ctp can increase the volume use of battery bags by 15-20%, reduce the number of battery packages by 40%, increase production efficiency by 50%, and increase the energy density of battery packages by 10-15%.
The pool is mainly increased by structural glue, and the ctp technology will be improved when the core is fixed. At the time of Ningde, the maximum battery capacity density is 182wh/kg, and ctp can reach more than 200wh/kg, resulting in a significant increase in the efficiency of the composition, which reduces battery costs and is expected to decrease by 10-15%.
Figure 1: The Ningde era tcp technology upgrades integrated energy. The technology will now have access to production orders from the car factory, identified including the supply of lithium phosphate batteries to the public car company, and the new North Gas energy source eu5 by car.
The growing recognition of new technologies in the field will result in more car factories adopting ctp-tech batteries in the future, while the cost of batteries will be further reduced as the standard advantage continues to grow, and the absolute advantage in the battery field in the Jinningham era will be strengthened. As global lithium battery taps, companies benefit from rapid industrial growth, expanding production capacity through active capital markets.
We're predicting a new energy vehicle policy change in 2019-2021, less productive than expected, higher prices of raw materials, and research assistant profiles.
Foreign companies in the energy sector have worked for three years, and have been involved in several nuclear, fire, oil, gas, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with extensive experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, and industrial policy research.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.