Short-term disturbance does not change long-term trends.
The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2019, with a revenue of 45.546 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 53.81 per cent in the same year; a net profit return of 4,356 million yuan, an increase of 28.16 per cent in the same year; and a continued increase in the non-net profit rate of 3,720 million, with a negative performance.
The global output of power cells in Zhao Tenghui Division reached 32.5gwh, an increase of 38.89% compared to the previous year, which was higher than the growth rate in industry, and the city ' s share rose further to 27.9% by 4.5 pct compared to the same year.
Q4 performance was disturbed by non-recurrent factors. RMB 12,690 million (+21.15 per cent for the same year) was earned by the company 2019q4, resulting in a net profit of RMB 892 million (+11.60 per cent for the same year) and a net profit of RMB 755 million.
The company plans to raise up to $20 billion for power cells, storage cells and replenishment of mobile funds, and to build up a 10-billion-dollar project in the garage.
82gwh, which will significantly enhance the company's lithium battery capacity and expand its competitive advantage. (2) The customer base is deep: the company owns the widest customer base in the industry, the deep-farming battery industry, and in the domestic market are branded automobile companies such as Steam, Jili, Woo-tung, North Steam, Hiro, Chang An, Dong Feng, Golden Dragon and Ei-Sung, and Wi.
In the overseas market, new car companies such as Wilma, Wilshire, and Plum have further deepened their collaboration with international car companies such as Tesla, BMW, Daimler, Modern, Jaguar Road Rover, Snow Dragons, Volvo. (3) Deep-farming technology, ctp to improve product competitiveness: company ctp battery packages.
The utilization rate increased by 15-20%, the quantity of spare parts decreased by 40%, the efficiency of production increased by 50%, innovation at the end of the power tank was in the forefront of the industry, and it was the core driving force for companies to move up in the long term. We believe that companies are the leading power cell industry worldwide, management vision, corporate skills.
The technological reserves are so strong that entering the Tesla chain is stimulating new energy, and the market is expected to increase. We anticipate that companies, as industry leaders, can offer a certain value premium and maintain their “recommended” ratings. 1) Industry competition increases risks; 2) new energy vehicles are sold less than expected; 3) new energy automobiles are in the industry.
Risk of policy change: 4) Project process does not meet the expected risk. Figure 2: Changes in net corporate interest rates (%)