Set up an additional financing expansion of 52gwh, to strengthen the world's flagship - six dollars in the Ningde era (300,750) series of tracking reports for power cell and energy battery project construction, development and replenishment of liquidity, to be invested
A $10 billion project to build a lithium ion cell base in Ninder, with a significant expansion of production capacity and a strong industry leader: 12.5 billion domestic loading in 2019 will be used for expansion, 52gwh for new batteries, and the remaining 2 billion for storage.
At the same time, the company announced that it would invest $10 billion in the market value of the liquiditya share (millions of dollars) in the construction of a lithium ion battery base in Ninder Bay.
The company will add 80-90gwh capacity, further entrenching the world’s leading position. The added value of research and development is technology, and technology leads the way in expanding the client base, with a large-scale effect: the company.
As a leader in the industry, technology development has been heavily invested for many years, with R & D spending at around 7 per cent of business income in 2016-2018 and R & D at about $1.99 billion in 18 years, the first company in the world to produce 811 nickel in square cores, and the Ningde era is now a success.
The aggregate energy density has risen to 180wh/kg, and security is also well appreciated in the industry, with a combination of performance leading to the Ningde era’s world’s largest whole-car client group, thus contributing to the cost advantage of growing production patterns.
On average, the amount invested in gwh was $310 million, which is nearly 25% lower than the $410 million in the year 2018 when ipo. The initial cost of investment was lower, the advantages were added to the size, and the cost was further reduced. Roic maintained a high level, with growth in the value of finance to build high-quality enterprises: 17, 18 years of roic.
Aaa, in association with Tesla Jianqiang, the Chinese dragon headed to the world's leader, aaaaningd era.
Billion dollars, net profit from the return to the mother of $4.591/61.7751 million, ps share rising, respectively, to compensate for the decline in the industry, prospects
Risk factors: new energy vehicle industry policy change risk, new energy and new technology development risk risk, reduced Māori rate risk, lower order volume than expected and higher than expected.
In 2019, 32.31gwh, with a municipal rate of 51.79%, dominated the industry. The company raised $20 billion, of which $12.5 billion will be used for expansion, with a new battery capacity of 52gwhh, with the remaining 2 billion.
At the same time, the company announced that it would invest $10 billion in a project to build a lithium ion-cell base in Ning Dex Bay. Once the expansion of capacity is complete, the company is expected to add 80-90gwh.
The euro was raised to 1.8 billion Euros; in December of December, the Sichuan Bintal Battery Plant began construction, and the company plans to invest 10 billion Euros in 30gwh. This fund-raising exercise is expected to increase the size of the pre-plan expansion project.
As industry leader, companies have been investing heavily in technology development for many years, with R & D costs accounting for revenues in 2016-2018, the world ' s first firm with high nickel production on square cores, 811, and the Ningde era has now succeeded in raising the energy density of the system to 180wh/kg. Compared to the energy density of 155.02.0wh/kg in June 2018, when they were on the market.
The second edition of the Directory of Recommended Vehicle Applications for the Extension of New Energy Vehicles, 2020, showed that the Ninder era, which provided battery packages, had a new energy geometrical car density of 183.23wh/kg, an increase of 18.2 per cent. Safety was also highly appreciated and integrated, leading the Ninder era to the largest global whole group of customers.
The three battery projects that have been set up to raise additional funds for investment, with an average value of $310 million, are about 25% lower than the 410 million in 2018 ipo. The cost is further reduced by lower initial investment outcomes and by adding the advantages of scale.
Three, roic maintains high levels, value growth creates high-quality enterprises, roic has maintained high levels for many years in the Ningde era, and the high rate of return on investment in capital has enabled the Ningde era to gain more and better access to finance to strengthen R & D and productive capacity, thereby creating more value for shareholders.
Chart 5: Roic and Roa of the Ningde era, as the price of power cells has been falling in recent years, and Ric of the Ningde era has been declining from its high values a few years ago, but is still at relatively high levels. As the Nind era city rises, and the global wave of electricization accelerates, production is still growing.
A larger size can meet the installed needs of more customers, while maintaining a dominant position in the domestic market and opening up international markets, with potential for increased profitability. Risk factors: the risk of changes in policies in the new energy automobile industry, the risk of new production and development of new technologies, and a decline in the Māori rate
Risks, orders not as high as expected.