♪ We're going to have to build up the code-coded lithium map ♪ ♪ We're going to have to build it up ♪ ♪ We're going to have to do it ♪ ♪ We're going to have to do it ♪ ♪ We're going to have to do it ♪ ♪ We're going to do it ♪ ♪ We're going to have to do it ♪
This collection does not exceed $20 billion, and is devoted mainly to four power and storage cell construction and research projects to build a total battery capacity of 52gwh, completed in 2-3 years, with a total investment of 4.6 billion, 16gwh, respectively.
Three phases of Jiangsu (74 billion, 24gwh), Sichuan (4 billion, 12gwh) and storage energy research and development projects (a total investment of $3 billion). The first three of the bases were announced by previous companies.
Bay Base, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan over a two-year construction period, we expect to plan production capacity of about 30-40gwh.  $310 million per gwh, down 25% from the ipo project, and further improvements in production efficiency. Three battery construction projects with an investment of about 308 million yuan per gwh project, with a single investment in gwh equipment.
Compared to the ipo fund-raising project, the share of the battery project investment per gwh decreased by 25%, and the share of the equipment investment remained essentially unchanged. According to the sub-project, the investment in equipment in the Jiangsu era was higher in the third phase, with single gwh equipment amounting to 227 million.
/gwh, the net interest rate is about 8.9 per cent compared to the ipo project, where the expected profits from the project were about 59 million per gwh, the net interest rate was only 6.9 per cent, and the three projects were close to the unit price, while the Sichuan era (Ibean) had the highest profits per gwh, reaching 75 million/gwh.
3 billion extra-code storage can be developed and reloaded to prepare for an explosion in the industry. This incremental project includes electrochemical storage and research and development projects, with an estimated total investment of $3 billion, including research and development equipment acquisition, software installation, project operation, etc. Lithium storage can be widely applied to distributed renewable energy systems, grid upgrades, etc.
FM, base station storage. The North American, Japanese and Korean reserve energy markets have been activated, with global lithium storage power installed in 19 years at 16gwh, compared to 26%; the 5g base station in the country was the first to explode with an average annual demand of 15gwh, so that the company could increase its storage capacity for research and development. We expect the company to be able to deliver its goods in 19 years.
The supply of Tesla is confirmed, and it's too advanced to plan for more than 300gwh capacity, with six major bases building a global picture of lithium.
These include the Ningdhang Bay area (East Bridge/Little East/Little West), Ningdh Road Bay, Xiaoyang Base, Sichuan and 2, Qinghai Base in the Nind era (300,750), German plant, with a combined planned capacity of nearly 300 gwh: considering the current co-location of assets, the project will have the potential to create a more efficient environment for the future of the world.
In 19 years, the company's capacity was close to 60 gwh (single capital), and the target increase was: the income deficit exceeded expectations, the battery dragons.
1) The company intends to issue stocks in a non-public manner for no more than 35 specific recipients, with no more than $221 million in equity, and to raise a total of no more than $20 billion for the expansion of the Lithium Batteries in the Ningde era, the Jiangsu era III, the Sichuan era, energy technology research and development and replenishment of liquidity.
The construction period is two years, with the planned construction of power and lithium battery storage lines, covering approximately 1,300 acres, and the completion of the construction, respectively, of the Huxi project (with a total investment of $4.6 billion, 16gwh), the Jiangsu III (with a total investment of 7.4 billion, 24gwh), the Sichuan I (with a total investment of 4 billion, 12gwh) and the storage energy research and development project (with a total investment of 3 billion).
The company announced that it would build a lithium base in Ninder City, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan over a two-year construction period, which we expect to be about 30-40gwh.
Three battery-building projects have invested about $308 million per gwh, of which a single gwh equipment investment is $205 million. Compared to the ipo fund-raising project, battery projects have reduced investment per gwh by 25 per cent and the share of equipment investment has remained essentially unchanged.
In the Jiangsu era, investment in equipment was relatively high in three phases, with an average unit price of $ 0.66/wh, profit of 59 million/gwh, net interest rate of 9 per cent, and internal rate of return of 15-16 per cent.The ipo fund-raising project shows that the project is expected to generate approximately 59 million profits per gwh, net interest rate of 6.9 per cent.
Three billion gallons of storage can be developed and reloaded to prepare for an explosion in the industry. This incremental project includes a project on research and development of electrical and chemical storage energy, which is expected to cost a total of $3 billion, including acquisition of research and development equipment, software installation, project operation, etc.
In 19 years, the global capacity of lithium storage was 16gwhh, compared to 26% in the same year; the country’s 5g base station was the first to explode, with annual average demand expected to rise significantly to 4-5gwh, which will in the future be one of the most important growth points for companies. Planning for more than 300gwh production, with 6 major bases building a global picture of lithium.
In the Bay Area (East Bridge/Little East/Little West), Ninde Road Bay, Xiaoyang Base, Sichuan and Qinghai Base, and German Plants, planning capacity of close to 300 gwh; considering current combined asset capacity, the company’s capacity is planned to exceed 350 gwh. In 19 years, the company’s capacity was close to 60gwh (single capital), and this time three additional projects were added to the vehicle Bay Base, with an additional 80-90gwh capacity over the next 2-3 years.
Figure 5: The Ningde-era break-up (pre-estimated) of production capacity, global electric year, low capacity for high-quality production of powered lithium, and full benefits for companies.
Global electric vehicle penetration rate is 15%, corresponding to 14-15 million vehicles, corresponding to 1,000 gwh power cell demand, and 300 gwh order if Ningde’s share of interest is 30%. Now, for the first time in three consecutive years, after becoming the leading supplier of domestic ownership brands, the company has continuously acquired public, BMW, Tesla, Toyota, Daimler,
A large number of international car orders, such as General, Modern Kia, have taken the lead in domestic joint ventures, and, after 21 years of production in a German factory, will break out in the European market, providing further guarantees for sustained high growth. Domestic electric cars are expected to be sold for the year’s high sales and policy year, with an expected 1.7 million vehicles for the year, a 40% increase over the year.
The bulk of the increase in sales comes from the national product Tesla (estimated 150,000), the joint venture (estimated to increase by 15-20 million), the running car, etc., of which both the new joint venture model and the running vehicle are dominated by the accompanying Ninder era, and we expect to reach around 50 gwh, an increase of nearly 40%. Second, in terms of competitive patterns, the company has remained in the country for 19 years.
With the approval of the China Securities and Supervisory Commission (CMSC), Dong Oo has established a securities investment advisory board.