Relocation, expansion of capacity, further acceleration of production, 220,839,970 shares in the Ningde era, raising no more than $20 billion for the expansion of the Lithium ion cell in the Ningd era lake west.
Construction projects, Jiangsu-era Lithium ion battery development and production project (phase III), Sichuan-era reporting category Power cell project phase, advanced technology reserve development project for electrical and chemical storage and replenishment of liquidity.
The demand for new energy automobile terminals is strong, with global sales of new energy vehicles running from 546,000 pre-harvests in 2015 to 2.21 million in 2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 41.8 per cent and a global new energy vehicle penetration rating of 2.5 per cent, and will continue to grow well, with the expectation that the power cell industry will continue to grow at a high rate.
As the leading global power cell company, with the widest customer base in the industry, high-quality power cell sales ranked first globally for the third year in a row, and the company has become a target supplier for a number of well-known domestic and international car wholes, consolidating the leading market position through joint product development and joint ventures.
In China, China ' s storage battery output rose by 83.5 per cent, representing a 45.4 per cent share of the global storage capacity market, as the cost of lithium batteries fell and the storage energy applications matured.
Domestic and foreign markets for lithium battery storage are growing rapidly, and finance enhances the financial resilience of companies and enhances their overall competitiveness.
Not 71,651 times as much as West Side Street. The company's business will be marketed in the future, and the company will be able to compete with the same company.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) uses it. The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with it.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.