Material materials soft production, cost advantages to ensure basic profits, and waiting for the cycle of repair Events: company reports in the first quarter of 2020, yielding operating income of 2,959 million yuan during the reporting period, same
Compared to 16.47 per cent, ring ratio - 17.35 per cent; net profit for mothers of $430 million, corresponding to 33.11 per cent, ring ratio 1, chemical prices of the same magnitude decline, flexible production, cost advantages to ensure basic profits Coalification, based on coal, benzene and acetylene as feedstock, clean gasification nucleide
Heart technology has created a “multiline” system of co-production, with product diversification and flexible production, mainly urea, dmf, acetic acid, ethylene diol, etc. q1-2020 q1 2019 q1, with a single-quarter net return to the mother 642 million yuan, 667 million yuan, 603 million yuan, 541 million yuan, etc.
Mainly due to the decline in the climate of most of the underlying chemicals, the Māori rate has declined, but the company has reduced the decline in performance to a certain extent by making up for total equity/flow (millions of shares) prices, flexible production and significantly better costs than peers.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
Production of adipic acid and intermediates: 8.28 million tonnes (same as 1.43%), sales: 381 million tonnes (same as Wallou Hengl. (60426) 162,000 tonnes of acetic acid and derivatives (same as + 2.08%) and sales: 140.7 million tonnes (same as compared)
In the three-quarterly review: Unfavourable environment, cost advantage, Wallu-Hingl (600426) Wallau-Hingl: performance at the end of the cycle is slightly higher than expected.
The impact of the epidemic, falling downstream demand, falling energy prices, falling prices for company-related products, cost advantage proving itself again.
The company resists the bottom of the cycle through the advantage of a “one-line” flexible production technology platform, with fewer methanol, more urea, or fertilizer products, with a high climate. (3) The company's combined Māori ratio takes into account the decline in the prices of benzene, acrylic and some finished products, and the company accounts for the loss of assets.
The short-term impact of very low oil prices on the coal industry. For the coal industry, the oil price hub has a direct impact on its profit center, especially in products with high product structure and petrochemicals, oil and gas chains, including methanol, ethanol, adipic acid, etc.
Soft production, cost advantage ensuring basic profits, waiting to be repaired, believing that if international oil prices were to remain below $30 per barrel for a long period of time, the US shale oil and gas companies would have to be phased out, the epidemic would have been manageable, downstream demand would have recovered, and oil prices would have reached a new equilibrium, super-balanced.
Low oil prices are unlikely to last.2 New projects have led to the selection of 1.5 million tons of new green chemical materials in Shandong Province, with a total investment of $13 billion by the company.
Among these, in 2019, the company launched its first two sub-projects, the Quality Improvement for Excavated Diacid (160,000 tonnes/year) and the New Quality Materials for Endoamide and nylon (300,000 tonnes/year) projects, which laid the foundation for further development of the company.
On 18 February 2020, the city of Texas, Shandong Province, held a city-wide focus on projects, including two new projects for companies. (1) The Quality Improvement Project for Precision Dipic acid: 1666 million new monoline Quality Acid and
The project will further improve the cyclohexone downstream industrial chain, increase the combined value added of the production chain, and form a cycloheptone-hneamide-nylon6 (polyamide) slicing industry.
An average annual operating income of $5.613 billion is expected, with a total profit of $446 million. The cost advantage is clear, and the orderly push to build new projects leads to long-term growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Soft production, cost advantages to ensure basic profits, resting on a cycle of repair.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.