Resource and Environmental Research Centre Low-oil Coalification Industry Pressure, Cost-Enabling Guaranteed Basic Profiting Company Basics (KPY)
The company issued a quarterly report of 2,959 million yuan in operating income for the first quarter, a decline of 16.47 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $430 million for the mother, a decrease of 33.11 per cent in the same year.The price of crude oil was significantly lost, driving the coal industry to run under pressure, and the company’s multiple production lines were partly spread out.
Risks. The downside of the price of many of the associated chemical products that drive downstream in a quarter is significant due to the sharp drop in crude oil prices, with some coal products being affected by the transmission of the oil industry chain, while coal prices are only slightly adjusted, and the overall profitability of the general coal industry has been significantly reduced. However, over the years, it has developed.
Agricultural, chemical-chained layouts, through the pluriple layout of the refined chemical-material supply chain and the fibre-optic-linked industrial chain, enable companies to mitigate the huge industrial impact of low oil prices. At the same time, with effective regulation of production lines such as ammonia, methamine, etc., companies have partially reduced the risk of decline associated with crude oil, building on years of construction.
1. In the context of low oil prices, the depth of the company’s core values is evident, with the impact of the epidemic, the sales of products such as dmf, adipic acid, etc. go down slightly, and stocks rise slightly in the short term.
The impact of the domestic epidemic has greatly affected the production of a large number of end-to-end production firms, which are typically known as cost-control centres, multi-chain layouts, continuous production enterprises, which have remained largely normal, but have been hampered by the small marketing of downstream products.
There is a slight increase in the stock of products in the turbo-linked industrial chain, such as dmf, adipic acid, leading to a slight adjustment in the start-up of some products. In addition to the company’s main raw material coal, the company’s out-sourcing of benzene, acrylic, etc. is subject to a crude oil price hike.
The impact of the fall was that, as the company continued its production, crude oil prices were colloquially low, some raw materials were subject to high cost stock pressure, the company made significant stock price fall preparations in the first quarter, and the asset impairment loss was about $3.98 million, with the ring ratio increasing. With the continued improvement of downstream work in the second quarter, the company’s stock pressure was expected to move.
Step down, pressure on high-cost raw materials is gradually digested, production operations are expected to return to normal rhythms, coal prices are adjusted to ease competitive pressures and cost advantages increase resilience to risk. Since the installation of three gas-gas installations, production processes have continued to be optimized on the basis of the construction of production lines and reduced consumption of production units.
In April, coal prices were clearly adjusted, although the lower crude oil prices at the current stage were not favourable.
As a result of the downside of oil prices and the impact of the new crown epidemic, the demand for the end has affected some of the company’s product prices, but the company has been growing steadily over the years, with its multi-product configuration and cost advantages.
Risks of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices; significant risk of deterioration of downstream demand; significant drops in end-product prices; analysis of relevant reported rating ratios in the market, and then averaged final ratings as average market investment