Self-research + M & A model consolidates the status of medical equipment, policy.
The main R & D system maintains a higher level of R & D input than other firms in the same industry. Companies have been expanding their M & As, expanding product lines, accelerating product upgrading to higher-end areas, enhancing their branding advantages, and integrating domestic and international distribution channels and networks.
Deepening the domestic market is accompanied by a determined deployment of overseas clients, which now covers many of the top medical institutions and sections in the global market.  The impact of the new coronary virus epidemic: short-term effects, part of the product, long-term good overall performance.
Seventy percent of the products are heavily affected by the epidemic, with corporate product monitors, respirators, injection pumps, mobile drr, portable ultrasound, blood cells +crp growing rapidly. In the long run, the country has moved forward with public health reform, hospital building, and the company’s full-line products.
In my country, the medical equipment industry is a strategic and emerging industry that is being supported by the state. The medical equipment industry has grown rapidly, growing at an average annual compound growth rate of 23.89% from 2006 to 2016.
The benefits are constantly visible, the country pursues a policy of graded diagnostics, and the demand for grass-roots markets is rapidly released. The acceleration of import substitution, the State’s support for home-grown medical devices, and the encouragement of technological innovation in home-grown devices.
(b) In vitro diagnosis: the fastest rate of growth, the full range of products, the large import replacement space, chemistry, the lighting of the company as an important point of growth, which is expected to continue at a high rate in the future; (c) medical images:
The company has been able to complete its own research and development system since its inception, with its eight major research centres around the world, and has remained above its peers.
Research and development (R & D) inputs from other companies are at the top of the international ladder. A global distribution network, a specialized after-sales service system, deep-farming domestic markets, and a firm international champion with a high industry climate and a high degree of certainty of growth over the next few years, coupled with a new crown epidemic.
The valuation is clearly undervalued compared to comparable listed companies. For the first time, a “buy-in” rating was given.
The company’s product covers the three main areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, and has the most extensive industrial lines in the same industry.
Murray Health has always been committed to a comprehensive, one-stop solution that is based in Shenzhen, China, with 17 subsidiaries, more than 40 branches, 40 subsidiaries abroad, and a one-stop solution that covers more than 190 countries around the world.
After many years of development, the company has become China’s largest and global leading provider of medical devices and solutions. In 2006, the company’s National Centre for Research and Technology in Medical Diagnostic Equipment was officially established, and in the same year, the company was listed in New York. In 2008, the company acquired the life of the United States Datashop.
In October 2018, the company was officially placed on the market at the end of the year. In 2018, the company earned 13,753 million yuan, the country’s largest producer of medical equipment.
In the global medical equipment industry, Murray ranks 34th. Figure 2: Total sales of the top 10 medical equipment companies worldwide in 2018. 1.2 Equity structure: Chairman Li Sitting and Director Seo-hyun are acting in concert, together holding shares in the company
As of 31 December 2019, the chairman of the company, Li Saitin, and the director, Xu Hong, were acting in concert, holding 58.16 per cent of the company ' s shares. Li Saitin indirectly held 30.48 per cent of the company ' s shares, and Xu indirectly 27.68 per cent of the company ' s shares, Lee Sittin, male, born in 1951, was a Singaporean national. Graduated from the Department of Physics of the Chinese University of Science and Technology in the field of hypothermia.
Physical Research, Visiting Scholar from 1981 to 1984 at the French Centre for Scientific Research, 1984 to Technology Ltd. In 1991, he led the creation of the Murray Company, and served as Director of the Murray Medical Board, Director of the Strategic Committee, Director, Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Board.
Xu Hong, male, born in 1962, Chinese (Hong Kong) nationality. Received a bachelor's degree in computer science from Qinghua University, a master's degree in electrical engineering from Qinghua University, and an emba degree from the Central European Business School.
1.3. Main business of the Board of Directors: three main areas of convergence, with global coverage, the company is mainly engaged in research and development, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of medical devices, always guided by client needs.
The company combines innovation, focuses on clinical needs, and supports health institutions in providing quality health care, thereby helping to improve medical conditions and reduce medical costs around the world. After many years of development, the company has become China’s largest and global leading provider of medical devices and solutions.
Shenzhen, China, has more than 40 offshore companies in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America, covering three main areas: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis and medical imagery, and has the most complete product line in the country and industry to meet clinical needs with a safe, efficient and easy-to-use “one-stop” solution.
Figure 6: Regional distribution of the company ' s main business area Figure 5: Distribution of the company ' s main business area 1.4. Financial position: 12.379 billion yuan in operating income in the first three quarters of 2019 and 3,671 million yuan in net profit to the mother,
In the first half of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $8,206 million, an increase of 20.52 per cent, a net return to the mother of $2,369 million, an increase of 26.57 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $2,329 million, an increase of 26.43 per cent, while the company ' s Māori ratio fell slightly, to 65.23 per cent overall, as a result of the lower share of medical imagery (higher Māori rates).
Large amounts of money led to a doubling of net asset growth and a reduction in net asset growth, which gradually led to a recovery in output. Figure 9: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates, Figure 10: Corporate Roe (weighted) and Roa
Industry barriers: The extremely high mooring river, the high concentration of the industry, despite the high rate of Maori in the medical apparel industry, has led to a higher concentration in the medical equipment industry, the international domestic market being monopolized by leading firms, and later firms having difficulty entering the industry.
1) Industry entry barriers: The medical equipment industry has a higher safety requirement than the general electronics manufacturing industry, which requires gmp plant certification, cfda supervision, registration and access to categories II or III before the equipment is placed on the market
In addition to clinical medicine, there are many fields such as biology, materials, electronics, computers, etc.
The formation of well-known brands requires long-term cooperation and trust between medical equipment companies and distributors and hospital end-users, as well as product quality, stability, design, etc., which requires long-term sedimentation in the market.
Manufacturing attributes make industry highly demanding industrial infrastructure and supporting infrastructure in their economies, and hence globalization. Medical brands are mostly distributed in the United States, Europe, Japan, and China. Few firms in developing countries enter high-end brands.
To a very high degree, the branding effects accumulated by leading firms will make it difficult for incoming players to capture a larger share of the industry. Figure 12: Regional distribution of medical devices in global top50s. Figure 13: Pattern of global top20 competition with other firms
The complexity of patents, unlike pharmaceuticals, is that medicines are at risk from patent cliffs, and they can easily be replaced by pharmaceutical substitutes after the expiry of a patent, which results in a significant drop in sales. Medical appliances involve multiple patents, long patent periods, and high barriers to copying.
Even if the product is copied, it will be as difficult to do. According to the valuatepharma data, the expiry of the global patent for pharmaceuticals in 2017 cost pharmaceutical companies $29 billion in sales, and the loss of patents will be a fatal blow to pharmaceutical companies.
In the case of Murray Medicine, 32 Chinese patents were granted to ultrasound products, 7 in the United States, and 4 in the case of state-renowned patents. Medical devices involved intellectual property rights, not only hardware parts and operating systems, but also software copyrights.
It involves hardware, software, and operating systems, with some complexity, and with a greater number of patents and copyrights than products such as innovative medicines, and is very difficult to imitate, avoiding the impact of patent expiry on performance. The medical equipment industry is a strategic and emerging industry, particularly the product performance and production of large medical imaging diagnostic equipment.
Research and development, re-engineering of production equipment, autonomous brand promotion, and marketing networks require more investment. Without stronger financial resources to guarantee continuous technological innovation and upgrading, firms will not be able to sustain themselves in intense market competition.
Figure 14: Global flagship medical equipment enterprise R & D investment (millions of United States dollars). Globally, the medical equipment industry is highly concentrated, with the top 10 medical equipment companies globally accounting for 37 per cent of the market share, compared with only 37 per cent of all medical equipment companies ranked after 30.
Industry Growth: The international market in medical devices has grown steadily at about 5%, our city has grown steadily, as the ageing of the population has increased, as well as the world ' s per capita income has grown rapidly, the demand for medical devices has increased, health inputs have increased, and the global market in medical devices has long been expected to grow.
In 2016, the global market for medical devices was $38.7 billion and is expected to exceed $520 billion in 2022, and figure 16: The global market for medical devices is a strategic and emerging industry in our country, where the medical industry is a national priority.
With the introduction of the policy of producing medical devices and the gradual opening up of our health-care market, China has become a huge consumer market for medical devices as our economic strength has increased, and our medical equipment industry has grown rapidly. From 2006, population ageing was the driving force behind the growth in demand for medical care. According to the United Nations, from 2015 to 2050, the world's population is projected to grow from 2015 to 2050.
The number of older persons over 60 years of age will increase from 901 million to 2,092 million, from 12.3 per cent to 21.5 per cent of the population; our country is the country with the highest population ageing in the world, with the highest number of older persons and the fastest rate of ageing; between 1990 and 2015, life expectancy in China rose from 68.55 years to 76.84 years.
As a result of the development of our national economy, there has been an increase in the disposable income and the quality of life of all residents, as well as an increase in the importance of health care and medical care for our citizens, which has contributed to the development of our medical equipment industry. According to the new year of the State Council, the total cost of health care per capita in China has increased from 875.96 yuan to 4236.98 yuan, with a combined annual growth rate of 14.04 per cent.
3.3. Main market distribution: In vitro diagnostics, cardiovasculars, images are the highest; in geographical areas, the United States is the leading market and manufacturing country, accounting for 40 per cent of the global health market. In sub-area distribution, in vitro diagnosis, cardiovasculars, images are the highest, with a total of 35 per cent.
In 2016, the global market was 49.4 billion US dollars, 44.6 billion US dollars, and 39.2 billion US dollars, respectively. In vitro diagnostics and visuals were the main business of Murray’s battalion, with a large market capacity.
The U.S. is the leading market and manufacturing country, accounting for 40% of the global health market and 30% of the European market. The emerging market, represented by my country, is the most potentially global market for medical devices, with demand for product penetration and demand for upgrading coexisting with demand for replacement. Our market for medical devices is growing faster, and it is now the third largest market.
In the area of low- and medium-end medical equipment products, the country has the world’s highest production and a large part of the high-end equipment market is occupied by foreign firms.
The State pursues a policy of stratification and rapid market demand at the grass-roots level. The policy of stratification promotes the sank of medical resources, promotes the upgrading of medical equipment in primary health-care institutions, and provides a wide market space for medical equipment enterprises.
4.2. Accelerated import substitution, State support for domestically produced medical devices, encouragement of national production technology, national ad hoc rapid review of medical devices, and accelerated declaration of nationally produced medical equipment products that meet the requirements
In 2014, the Directorate-General for the Supervision of Food and Drugs issued the Special Approval Procedure for Innovative Medical Devices (on a trial basis) and the Special Review Procedure for Innovative Medical Devices was revised and issued in 2018.
The change in the regulatory model to “registry of products before they are registered” has encouraged innovation in enterprises and helped to reduce their input before they were registered. In terms of domestication of high-end products, February 2014, February 2016 and February 2017, respectively,
The Circular on the Implementation of the Pilot Implementation of the Insurance Compensation Mechanism for the first major technical equipment accelerates the break-down of barriers to the development of medical equipment for national production. The strict implementation of the Law on Procurement from the People ' s Republic of China provides for the supply of medicines and medical equipment to meet the requirements.
In principle, it is necessary to purchase national products and to improve the state-owned equipment of public health-care institutions. The system for the approval of medical equipment has been changed to create a fast track for innovative medical equipment, with downstream hospitals becoming more confident in the state-owned equipment, and high-end medical equipment, which is the driving force behind the development of the state-owned medical equipment, has reached a high-speed period of gold.
Figure 22: Our policy in relation to medical devices, the impact of the new coronary virus epidemic: short-term impact on some products, long-term benefits across the board 70 per cent of products in the short term are heavily released by the epidemic, corporate product monitors, respirators, injection pumps, migration
With rapid growth in drr, blood cells +crp, and portable ultrasound, life information and support lines, anesthetic machines, lightbeds and tremors, extra-physical diagnostics of biochemical and luminous products, medical imaging of desktop colours, and hard mirrors other than the three product lines have been affected by the epidemic for the first quarter.
5.1. In response to the epidemic, the company expanded its production capacity and provided efficient assistance. On 17 February of the year, the company produced and delivered more than 35,000 medical equipment to hospitals throughout the country, including specialized treatments.
In the case of the Coroner Hill Hospital, the company installed and delivered more than 1,800 critical equipment for 48 hours, including life information and most of the products supporting the production line, almost all-line products of the in vitro diagnostic line and the medical image line. In the case of the Méri hospital project, more than 1,200 equipment were delivered, including, inter alia, a monitor, a respirator, etc.
In addition, several thousands of devices were installed with the support of companies in targeted treatment facilities such as the Wu-Han City Golden and Silverpool Hospital, the Wu-Han City Prey Hospital, and the Wu-Hhan City Han-Dai Hospital. The new crown outbreak created a large gap in demand, and the company showed that it required significant release of productive capacity in order to cope with it.
Effective resource mobilization capacity. For upstream supply, the company works to coordinate multiple communications and, where the conditions for quarantine safety are met, the first-tier supplier has fully resumed work, providing a strong guarantee for the company to expand its capacity during the epidemic. On the other hand, the company’s medical headquarters and manufacturing centres have been fully re-established in the context of quarantine safety, and local branches have continued to operate.
In accordance with local government guidelines, work is gradually resumed, with a focus on the Wuhan well blowout needs, equipment is stored and delivered in the usual 5.2.70% of products that are highly affected by the epidemic, non-epidemiological related categories are expected to return quickly after the outbreak is over.
Breaking down, but with less impact on the whole, the medical video component grew faster only with portable ultrasound and mobile dr, with an overall increase of between 20 and 30% in the three product lines during the quarter. Corporate product monitors, respirators, injection pumps, mobile drr, blood cells +crp, and portable excesses during the epidemic.
There's a significant amount of noise, with about 70% of products affected by the epidemic growing rapidly. Lifeline products such as monitors, respirators, injection pumps, etc. Information and support line products generally increase several times as much as in the previous period because of the need for the epidemic; blood cells +crp orders for in vitro diagnosis have also increased significantly, and medical imaging products, mainly mobile drr and portable ultrasound, play a role in the epidemic, during the epidemic period.
There has been a rapid increase in demand for mobile dr and portable ultrasound. Some of the company’s products have been affected by the epidemic and demand has slowed, including anesthetic machines for life information and support lines, lamps, bed towers and defibrillators, biochemical and luminous products for in vitro diagnostics, high desktop colours for medical images, and three products.
Hardscope products outside the wire. Because the products adversely affected by the epidemic are more demanding than those involved in surgery, medical examinations, chronic disease treatment, routine outpatient projects, products affected by the epidemic will recover significantly in the first quarter as the epidemic is expected to end and hospital procurement resumes.
5.3. In the long term, the national public health system has been further reformed after the epidemic, and the need to expand and increase the capacity of health-care institutions at all levels will be released in the long term to facilitate the development of the medical equipment industry.
During the twelfth session of the Commission for Comprehensive and Integral Reform, an important statement was made to highlight the shortcomings and weaknesses identified by the epidemic, the need to improve the mechanisms for the prevention and control of major diseases, and the national system for the management of public health emergencies.
As a result of this epidemic, the importance of the hospital unit will increase, with the construction of additional units for infectious diseases, acute diseases, infectious diseases, respiratory diseases, etc.
Attention is drawn to the fact that hospitals at all levels throughout the country will be able to detect gaps and create a wave of purchases. In the late stages of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, a significant proportion of patients are suffering from respiratory, kidney and cycling failure.
With the strengthening of the construction of critical condition and the increase in the acquisition of equipment for related critical condition units, particularly the second round of medical reform to include the rural population in the new system of cooperative medical care, patients with serious illness who abandoned treatment in the past are now able to afford better medical care, demand for it will increase at the grass-roots level, and the construction of it will sink further. The company will be supplied as a comprehensive solution to the roundup period.
In this wave of building icu, the products required by icu, such as a monitor, respirator, defibrillator, injection pump, portable ultrasound, mobile dr, and related in vitro diagnostic detection equipment and reagents, will be more beneficial. After the outbreak, there will be more exchange training in the relevant disciplines, and Murray will be more effective.
There are considerable advantages in building academic exchange platforms, product research and development clinical and expert academic exchange projects. Operational lines: three main players have significant advantages, maintaining robust high-speed growth, 6.1. Life information and support: core product custodians have significant advantages, anesthetists, defibrillators, respirators, etc.
The company's life information and technology products include a monitor, a defibrillator, anaesthetic machines, respirators, electrocardiogram machines, handicraft beds, hangar bridges, injection pumps, operating room/heavy surveillance units (or icu) as a whole for life letters.
The life information and support business is the company's traditional core niche, accounting for 38.10% of total business income in 2018. The company has been settling in the domestic market for years, has already gained a high brand reputation, has steadily increased domestic market ownership, has been on the international market, and has been living information.
Without it, companies will continue to play a competitive role in the overall development of low-end high-school products, continuously increasing market penetration and generating $5,224 million in 2018 in income from life information and support operations, an increase of 23.33% over the previous decade.
The company's life information and support plate has the richest product line in the country, with a monitor as an entry point, and the synergies with simultaneous growth of products such as defibrillators, anaesthetics, respirators, injection pumps, etc. are further magnified.
The monitor continues to be the company’s highest income share of life information and support plate, contributing nearly 40% of the income of the plate. Income from other major products, anaesthetics and defibrillators, has increased over the years.
And it has been rising year by year, reaching 65.71 per cent in 2018, far higher than that of other companies in the same industry, which have a high-end machine, a growing volume of product sales and mature cost controls, and a certain level of growth in Māori rates such as anaesthetic machines, lightbeds, etc.
Guardianship: Full coverage of the low end of the high school market, stable value for money, absolute leadership of the country, close pursuit of the international market.
The company’s tutorial products cover a full range of high, medium and low-end markets, have a full range of products, launched the Benevisionn series in 2016 for high-end markets, are competitive on the international market with higher value for money advantages, and monitor performance in clinical parameters, intelligent workflows, and intelligence.
There has been a significant improvement in clinically assisted decision-making, smart-to-people interaction, and the provision of clinical applications in a variety of critical emergencies, such as icu, operating rooms, and emergency services. Since the launch, products have continued to enter critical sections of top-level hospitals around the world and to expand their high-end client base, a series that marks a significant success in high-end products.
The Department continued to innovate in the area of guardianship, with the introduction of a new generation of middle-end custodians, epm series, n series of high-end custodians, whose gross revenue is much higher than that of other companies in the country’s industry, and a Maori ratio higher than that of other competitors in the country. In 2017, the total turnover of the custodians reached $1.620 billion, an increase of 10.62 per cent over the same period, an overall increase of steady growth.
Corporate custody revenues will continue to grow in 2018 and 2019. At the same time, the company’s Māori ratio is also in the forefront of the industry.
Figure 29: Stock and speed of sales of guardianship instruments Figure 30: Average price and speed of sale of guardianship instruments
The market is more concentrated, with other companies currently in the top three positions of market ownership being Philip and Ge, with 24% and 9%, respectively, with a larger difference from Murray. The biggest advantage of corporate custodianship is value for money, while companies are constantly upgrading technology to meet customers’ unique needs in accordance with the requirements of their original technology.
Competing Philips, ge, etc., is still five years old. The company’s product is constantly moving up the ladder, and the company’s N series of high-end custodians have already earned more than 30% of the domestic custodians’ income, and this share is increasing. Domestically, the higher quality requirements of the tri-a hospital clients have already accounted for 50% of the sales of the company custodians.
The domestic market is also growing year by year, with total sales in the domestic market from 2015 to 2017 amounting to $1.79 billion, $1.93 billion, $2.15 billion, and a composite growth rate of 10.38% from 2011 to 2017. With the introduction of the graded care policy, the domestic market is expected to grow further.
As the country’s overall market is growing steadily, and as a result of the new and increased market volume of the future graded care policy, corporate sales in the area of guardianship will continue to grow. Corporate guardianship products account for 10% of the world’s international market, and are the third largest in 2017, Philips, Ge, Merrill.
The market share was 38 per cent, 26 per cent, and 10 per cent, respectively. The size of the international custodian market was $2.89 billion in 2017, which was slower than in the same year, and the volume of international markets was limited, and the technology of the corporate custodians had surpassed Philip and Ge and led the world’s first-class standards, while the competition was clearly not enough.
Figure 36: Competition patterns in the international custodian market 2017 Figure 37: Size and acceleration of international markets Anaesthesia machines: phasing out low-end import substitution. Market space is large.
According to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association, in 2016 the company was ranked third in the world (excluding Japan) and in China’s narcotic equipment market, leading competitors included Delg and General Electric. As the number of surgical operations increased, the market for anaesthetics grew steadily.
The global market for anaesthesia machines will grow at a combined rate of 5.9 per cent a year, and is expected to reach $1.1 billion a year by 2020. The market for anaesthesia machines in China reached 970 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 4.30 per cent a year over the previous year.
Nuclear disease, AIDS, and malaria. The increase in the number of surgeries will contribute directly to an increase in the drug market. In November 2017, the National Health Council issued guidelines for the construction and management of chest pain centres (pilot) to regulate the operation of hospitals above level II and the construction of icu, and the demand for anaesthetic machines will continue to increase.
The Swiss share, 26 per cent, is the number one national product plate, and the differences between companies in the global market and the first two are still large, but within the country, the gap has narrowed markedly.
Figure 38: Size of the global market for anaesthesia machines Figure 41: Composition of the market for anaesthesia machines in China in 2018 Total company anaesthesia machines in 2017 amounted to 542 million yuan, an increase of 2,891 million yuan in comparison with 2016
In 2018, the company sold 7,688 anaesthesia machines, an increase of 29% over the same period. Currently, at the domestic market for anaesthesia machines, Delg and ge accounted for more than 50% of the total, and the high end market was still occupied by foreign companies, while the domestic medical equipment company, represented by Murray, began to do it from the low end.
Instead of imported products, Murray already has high-end machines and is moving towards ultra-high-end technology, which will be matched with and directly compete for the highest-end anaesthesia models at Delg and ge. Overall, the substitute market for imported products is also the company ' s anaesthetic products, mainly the wato series at the lower and middle ends, and a rich respiratory monitoring function.
6.1.3. Defibrillators: break import monopolies, demand-driven market expansion The overall level of defibrillators in the country lags far behind that of developed countries.
The company ranked sixth in the global and Chinese tremors market in 2018, with major competitors including Dr. Djoll Medicine, Philips and Schiller, Switzerland. The global tremors market reached US$ 740 million in 2017, an increase of 4.23 per cent compared to the same period; the domestic tremors market was the largest.
In recent years, with many front-line cities adopting policies to install aed configurations in public places, Shanghai has more than 1,000 defibrillators, Shenzhen has purchased 5,000 and is expected to grow to 100 per 100,000 people in the future. As a result, the market for defibrillators is expected to expand further over the next decade.
The domestic market for defibrillators will expand rapidly and the market space will be large. In 2017, the company ' s gross revenue for defibrillators was $333 million, an increase of 50 per cent in the same year, a rapid increase in sales of 29,466 defibrillators in 2018, an increase of 44.26 per cent in the same year.
The launch of the first two-time comparison, aed:Benehearted1, has broken technical barriers to import monopolies, filling many of China’s gaps. And, as domestic markets expand rapidly, Merrill’s income will continue to grow rapidly as the country’s leading firm, the tremor.
Figure 53: In vitro diagnostics of companies other than tremors: fastest-growing, fully classed, imported alternative spaces, new company-based in vitro diagnostic products include blood cell analysers, biochemical analysers, immunoanalysis units, cdensation cells.
The in vitro diagnosis is the second largest enterprise, accounting for 33.63 per cent in 2018, with a gross operating income of $4.625 billion, for a series of semi-automatic in vitro diagnostic products for laboratories, clinics and hospitals.
It is also the area with the greatest potential, with an in vitro diagnostic reagent of 58% in 2018, an instrument reagent ratio of 1:1.2, far less than the industry average of 1:3, and a future reagent ratio that will continue to grow, and an overall increase in in vitro diagnosis due to a higher reagent than an instrument. In vitro diagnosis, the fastest increase was in chemical light, at 80%.
In 2017, the Merry Medical In vitro Diagnosis was 15.3% in the domestic laboratory equipment category, the second highest in Heisen Meikang. Heisen Meikang had the highest market share in level III hospitals, and Rhodes had the highest market share in level II hospitals. At present, Murray's medical examination equipment is the third highest in both level III hospitals and level II hospitals, according to satisfaction surveys.
As the cost of health insurance and the process of import substitution accelerates, the high-end series of national product plates will continue to penetrate high-end medical institutions. The blood cell analyser: the country’s city is ranked second, and the company’s niche is ranked among the high-end markets.
The company's blood cell analyser has a dominant position in the international domestic market, with the domestic market occupying more than 30 per cent in 2018, ranked second, about 10 per cent below the top-ranked Heison Maycomb, while the domestic hemoglobin market has been rising, accelerating from 2015 to 2017, reaching about $4.3 billion in 2018.
Figure 58: Domestic blood cell analyser market pattern 2018 Figure 57: Size and acceleration of domestic blood cell analyser market
High-end markets in level III hospitals. The market for blood cell analysis is relatively mature, and Murray and Hesmekon together occupy more than 70% of the market share, and the high-end market is squeezing Hesmekon's space, with a steady overall boost. The blood cellular analyser class is divided into three categories and five categories, and the three categories are satisfied with the low-end market, oriented towards the basic hospitals, and low prices.
Cheat, the market is competitive, and the Māori rate is lower. Most hospitals at the country’s level III level use a five-class blood cell analyser. In 2006, the company launched its first five-class blood cell analyser, which is officially oriented to high-end markets.
Lines, cal. 6,000 and cal. 8,000 bloodlines. Blood cylindrical stream products have continued to gain the support of industry professionals since their inception, and have entered medically rich hospitals in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Hangzhou, which represent the highest level of medical care in the country.
Figure 60: Blood analyser currents Biochemical diagnostics: increased capacity for autonomous innovation, large import substitution space, significant synergy in reagent instrument integration
The biochemical diagnostics market has matured, and there are competing companies in the country, represented by Murray, Ningpo Mykang, Shanghai, Kohua, Beijing Kwok, Sichuan Mike, which import brands such as Beckman, Helley, Toshiba, Rhodes, etc. Domestic biochemical diagnostic reagents have been largely replaced, but in high-end markets for biochemical analysts.
In 2018, the domestic market was 8 to 9% for company biochemistry (equipment + reagents), ranked the third highest in the country, lagging behind foreign firms Beckman and Rhodes, adding up the country's graded diagnostics and promoting accelerated import-substitution policy effects.
The advantages of the company’s biochemical analysis are mainly in instrumentation, with few companies in the country producing both bioreagents and biochemical instruments, one of the first products to be listed in the company’s market. The company has launched the bs-200, bs-300 series, a few companies around the world that can provide a full range of high-performance biochemical detection systems.
Chemical reagents are underrepresented, reagents are less valuable than other domestic companies, but with the development of large biochemical immune systems, biochemical instruments and reagents are gradually becoming closed (i.e., using the same company's instruments and reagents), and corporate instruments will lead the way in figure 65: Company biochemical analytical products
The containment of biochemical instruments and biochemical diagnostic reagents is a future trend in biochemicals. The company has now completed the transition from single production to instrument reagents and is rich in material. It now covers a wide range of areas, such as haemolysis, liver, kidneys, cardiovasculars, diabetes, rheumatism and special proteins.
Immuno-diagnostics: the fastest growth rate, the parameters of the luminous product are higher than those of the peer, the after-effect advantage is evident The market in the field of immuno-diagnostics is growing faster and chemically luminous products are very high in the field of immuno-diagnostics.
According to the data, chemical light reached 80-90 per cent in 2019 in the field of immuno-diagnostics, and the model is the largest and fastest growing area in the field of in vitro diagnostics in the country. It has become a new point of growth in the medical equipment industry. In recent years, the domestic market for chemical light has grown at a rate of more than 20 per cent, reaching its size in 2018.
Twenty-five billion yuan, an increase of 24.28%. But the country’s chemical lighting market is currently dominated by four leading foreign firms: Rhodes, Yape, Beckman, and Siemens, and, as domestic firms continue to develop innovations autonomously, there is a high potential for domestic production to complete import substitution.
The company cl2000i achieves a single machine 240t/h test at a higher rate in the industry and can support modular expansion at a maximum speed of 960t/h. The overall chemical light market is monopolized by international giants and most menus are used for clinical diagnosis and treatment (e.g. amitraz reduction).
The components are more imported overseas and the chemically luminous monuments in the country are less favourable. But the company is always aligned to its international counterparts, with the high-end of the company's instruments, ranging from 120 to 480 speeds, the fastest single machine, cl-6000i, the speed of detection up to 480 t/h, and many of the company's menus are gradually accepted by Tria Hospital, which currently ranks one third of the top 100.
The company is working on a reagent box that meets the needs of all clients, maintains high performance, is low-cost, and is going to jump fast in the future.
Figure 69: company chemically luminous immuno-diagnostic products, Figure 70: company chemically luminous reagent package Medical images: breaking through high-end barriers and leading the world in technology
The company's medical imaging products include ultrasound diagnostic systems, digital x-ray imaging systems. The ultrasound diagnostic system provides real-time diagnostic images using digitally controlled acoustic emission and reception techniques to detect ultrasound of human tissue, dialling properties, blood flow direction and velocity, hardness, etc.. The digital x-ray imaging system uses tablet detectors to capture images.
Medical images are the third largest major company business, 90% of which is colored super-tech, and the core of medical imaging. In 2018, the company’s total operating income in the field of medical imagery was 3,597 million yuan, an increase of 22.55% compared to 2016.
There has been significant growth. With the advent of high-profile developments in the field in 2017, there has been a surge in growth, with the coloured supermarkets being the main profit element, the low-end and medium-end machines of autonomous R & D creating China first, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly, high-end products having competed with foreign leaders such as Philip and Ge, and companies are now strengthening.
The company has broken through high-end barriers in the area of colouring. In 2013, it acquired Sonare in the United States, launched a series of high-end products from resona, which became the backbone of Murray's Tri-A Hospital, and the resona 7 collon series, which has gradually increased its share of the premium income, boosted the faster growth of the medical video business and the overall increase in the Maori rate.
The super-high-end market, Murray, is still in a blank phase, and the company will also work to break through the super-high-end research and development, and further research into the regional scanning imaging technology, in real-time 3-dimensional imaging, elastic imaging, image imaging, vector-flowing imaging, optical imaging, remote ultrasound, clinical application, etc.
Ongoing research and exploration, and research on intelligent technology based on large data in the areas of intelligent mode recognition, intelligent assisted diagnosis, intelligent workflow, etc., have expanded the company’s leading edge in global ultrasound technology.
Figure 71: Composition of medical images of companies Figure 73: Total operating income of the company ' s medical images products Medical images are the third largest major business of the company, with a premium of about 90%, the core industry in the field of medical images
In 2018, the company’s total operating income in the field of medical imagery was 3,597 million yuan, an increase of 22.55 per cent over the previous year, slowing down the rate of growth in 2016 and 2016. In 2019h1, it achieved an increase of 1.974 billion yuan, or 12.51 per cent, or 24.1 per cent of total income.
And the ultrasound market has been at zero growth throughout the year, maintaining a growth rate of 10-15% when markets have stagnated. The colored super market, which is a major profit component, has created a number of China’s top- and middle-end machines that have developed autonomously, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly.
In 2016, the company ranked sixth in the global and Chinese ultrasound market, according to the Chinese Medical Equipment Association.
In the third place, the main competitors include general electrical, Philip, and medical equipment manufacturers such as Toshiba, Japan. According to the data, the global lottery market was projected to be $7.4 billion in size in 2019, an increase of 2.78 per cent compared to the figure of 2.78 per cent; in China, it was $9.1 billion, an increase of 3.41 per cent compared to the figure of 3.41 per cent.
Through autonomous research and development, the company has made breakthroughs in detection and imaging technology, gradually occupying its share of the domestic market. In the field of medical imagery, the company has developed a high-end, portable, coloured Doppler ultrasound diagnostic system, while continuing to develop a number of high-end, super-technology studies, including high-performance converters, auto-scanning of breast, photo-integration and heart function.
The company’s continued efforts to improve the high-end colour Doppler ultrasound diagnostic machine, the portable ultrasound diagnostic machine, and the introduction of the high-end colour Doppler ultrasound diagnostic machine have captured a share of the domestic tri-a hospital and the international high-end market. In 2006, after the company launched China’s first colour superdc-6, the company created a number of China’s top-notch areas.
Figure 76: Gross operating income and rate of growth of corporate lottery super-products, Figure 77: Māori and speed of growth of corporate colour super-products
Figure 79: Super-average price and acceleration: Figure 78: Corporate over-selling and acceleration: In 2013, companies acquired zonare in the United States, accelerating the development of higher-end corporate products and estimating high-end companies
In terms of R & D, the company’s current R & D focus is on R & D for three-dimensional matrix probes and intelligent inputs, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. Among the company’s products, high-end machines of the company’s autonomous dc series are top-heavy desktops.
At the same time, in 2013, companies acquired the United States of America ' s leading regional imaging technology and launched a series of high-end products from resona. The resona series is the country ' s top technology platform and the backbone of Murray ' s Tri-A Hospital.
Some of the core technologies of the resona series have been integrated, which is higher than those of the imported machine, which sells $2 million to $3 million, and with the domestic emphasis on color super-applications, the portable colours have increased significantly faster than the desktop colours, and will be an important point of view for the future of the company. With regard to the portable colours, the M7 series uses the high-speed signal of the multi-nuclear processors.
Imaging efficiency has been greatly enhanced by the platform. The high-end portable m9 series uses a large number of high-end imaging techniques, which bring to the clinical landscape Figure 81: Corporate portable colour superproducts R & D systems: R & D core driven by innovation, multi-industry lines have flourished
Since its inception, the company has gradually improved its autonomous R & D system, with eight research centres around the world, maintaining a higher share of R & D inputs than other companies in the same industry, and an international leader in R & D costs. To date, the company has received a number of world prizes in science, technology, innovation, and process design.
Autonomous R & D systems have been fruitful, multiple industries have broken industry gaps, companies have achieved greater results in autonomous R & D strategies, broken industry space in several industries with medical equipment, developed a “first” in many areas of the country, and many key technologies have gained international and national science, technology and innovation, as well as large processes.
At the same time, the average number of new products listed by Murray averaged more than 10 per year, with an average of more than 10 patented technologies, and by the end of 2018, a total of 2,742 inventions had been authorized and were at the forefront of the industry. By 30 June 2019, the total number of patent applications had reached 4,248 and over 20 per cent were American European inventions.
Murray is the only medical device in the world with the top 50 patents. He's also been making efforts to promote research and development and make new transformations, including continuing high-level research and development inputs, building a leading international research and development system, and building a well-developed team of researchers.
Developing a model of “engineer dividend” for the decade’s leading industry, the transformation over the next decade to reliance on “new growth dividend” is a major strategic goal of the company. The company’s many products were awarded the German Red Point Design Award, as well as the German F Design Award, which also symbolizes Murray’s work-in-process.
In 2002, with the approval of the Ministry of Science and Technology, the National Centre for Medical Diagnostics and Instrument Engineering was set up under the Ministry of Health. The Centre was officially inaugurated in 2006 to break the international monopoly and upgrade China.
In 2016, the company acquired the title “National Enterprise Technology Centre” to provide industry with the autonomous intellectual property support of key common technologies and to promote the development of home-grown therapeutic devices as a model and leader in the high-tech industry of medical devices. In 2013, the company developed a patent for inventions of its own accord.
In 2016, the company led the China Academy of Sciences Institute of Advanced Technology, Shenzhen University, Xiaan Transport University, Qinghua University, North Medical College III, and North Da Shenzhen Hospital jointly took on the national burden.
The Dot R & D project “Multifunctional Real-Time Three-D Imaging System” was launched, promising a major breakthrough in the area of ultrasound imaging. In 2017, the company was awarded a second-class award for the National Technology Inventorization Award.
7.2. Investment in R & D has been growing year by year, far beyond other companies in the domestic industry, and the cost of R & D has been maintained by the International Water Corporation (IW) as an autonomous R & D innovation strategy, and since its inception, the company has maintained a high investment in R & D. R & D has been growing rapidly since 2002, and in 2016, the company invested in R & D
By 2018, R & D investment had reached $1.42 billion, an increase of 25.53 per cent, while R & D costs for companies had remained at around 10 per cent, compared with the proportion of R & D staff in comparable companies in 2017.
Figure 84: Composition of corporate R & D structures Figure 86: R & D cost rates of internationally comparable companies, 2010-2018 7.3. R & D institutions and systems - comprehensive layout of R & D institutions and efficient management of innovation systems
The company has established five line ministries and separate technical institutes under R & D agencies, according to the main business classification. The company has established a global leading medical product innovation system (mpi), defined multifunctional governance teams with clear lines of responsibility, and established (a) targeted development management processes for efficient development and innovation.
The system emphasizes collaboration and information-sharing across functional teams, and (2) establishes a decision-making mechanism for stages based on business success and quality control, which provides managers with a phased review of product development, allocation of funds, appropriate tools, comprehensive system management, and effective implementation of medium- and long-term research and development activities.
The company has eight R & D centers in Shenzhen, Nanjing, Beijing, Xian, Chengdu, Silicon Valley, New Jersey, United States, and Seattle. A mature R & D system has been built, and the R & D chain is better.
Production research cooperation is an important form of organization for technological innovation in companies, which is constantly encouraged and explored, taking into account the real needs of firms, and which has led to a model of business-led, market-oriented cooperation in production and research that provides a solid foundation for rapid industrialization.
7.4. Team of R & D personnel: Autonomous R & D has a strong reputation.
By the end of 2018, the company had 2,258 R & D staff, an increase of 500 over the previous year, representing a total share of its staff
As of 30 June 2019, the company had a marketing team with an absolute advantage in the same industry, with a marketing agent of 100 million yuan and a sales cost rate of 21.07 per cent for the first three quarters of 2019. The company had branches in more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous regions of the country; it had subsidiaries in more than 30 countries abroad, with products in more than 190 countries.
Companies have become long-standing partners in leading health-care institutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. While they are deep-ploughing their domestic markets and developing high-end clients like level II hospitals, they are also steadfastly positioning their customers outside the sea.
The company’s products cover nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of the tri-a-hospitals in China, including the country’s well-known Beijing Association and Hospital, the China People’s Liberation Army General Hospital, and the Shanghai Riggin Hospital. In the international market, it is a long-term partner of leading medical machines around the world, such as the Meo Clinic, Johns Hopkins Hospital, Massachusetts General Hospital, Cleveland Medical Center.
Long-term partners, companies that have won the best medical care in countries like the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, etc.
Business solutions, which enhance client stickyness and support continuous delivery of products and follow-up services. Figure 90: Changes in the cost of corporate sales, Figure 91: Changes in the cost of corporate sales and comparison with the cost of research and development
Domestically, the marketing model “distribute mainly and sell directly”, with nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99 per cent of tri-a-hospitals using local distribution models, has been adopted in different environments, with distributors taking advantage of local distribution patterns.
The resource advantage takes over local markets, increases local market ownership, and provides high-quality services to end-users. The distribution model carries the risk that companies will not be able to effectively manage distributors, which leads to a breakdown in their management and irregularities, leading to a decline in the quality of services provided by distributors to end-clients, the risks described above, the adoption of a series of measures by companies that require distributors to own them.
Stable business cadres, high-quality after-sales teams and professional clinical support capabilities, and ensuring quality services for end-users. At the same time, companies have put in place business rating systems and monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for distributors, which are excellent and poor, and screen distributors for adjustment with the aim of “professionalization, supremacy” in order to ensure the professional and service capacity of the distributors.
The main clients of the company in the country are level-III hospitals, level-II hospitals, level-I hospitals and other medical institutions (mainly community hospitals, private hospitals, independent testing institutions, third-party testing centres and private clinics), nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99 per cent of tri-a-hospitals, including the country's well-known Beijing Coordinating and Hospitals, and the China People's Liberation Army General Medical Service.
Figure 93: Distribution of sales at all levels of the company's hospitals
Programmes such as marketing of products, after-sales services, customer relationship management and training of personnel further enhance the company’s integrated service capabilities, operating efficiency and reducing existing costs.
In the United States, direct sales are dominated; in Europe, direct sales and distribution coexist in accordance with the industry characteristics of different countries; and in China, Latin America, and other developing countries and regions, distribution dominates. In North America, companies have a professional direct sales team, which has already been working with five United States collective purchasing organizations, mpg,medassets, novation, premier,
Amernet works with nearly 10,000 end-of-life medical institutions in North America. About two-thirds of the company’s products in US hospitals should be used in 9 of the top 10 heart hospitals in the United States, and in more than 100 teaching hospitals in Europe, 19 of the top 20 US hospitals are using Murray Ultrasound.
In developing countries such as the Latin American region, companies have adopted marketing models that have built well-developed and well-covered distribution systems, with products entering multiple integrated and specialized hospitals.
Figure 95: Global distribution of corporate operations in the United States with the highest medical technical thresholds and the strictest technical regulations, Murray has entered about two-thirds of the hospitals, nearly 10,000 medical institutions, and is widely used in core sections such as icu, anaesthesia, and emergency services.
Nine of the hospitals are using Murray’s products. Among the top teaching hospitals in European countries like England, Germany, and France, Murray provides high-quality, holistic and well-developed information solutions for their core sections. With unique and innovative technologies, the country has more than 20 subsidiaries that are involved in building local health-care institutions to help upgrade local health-care technologies.
Hourly customer calls services. Meanwhile, M & As extensions have been set up in several countries, including the United States, the Netherlands, Colombia, India, Indonesia: overseas, with M & As extending the industrial chain, promoting product high-end, and since its inception, companies have extended M & As in ways that widen product lines and accelerate product upgrading to higher-end areas.
Increased branding advantages and integration of domestic and international distribution channels and networks. The medical equipment industry is rich in variety, and technical barriers are high for each segment, requiring long-term accumulation and sedimentation of manufacturing processes, especially for high-end products, with very high technological and process thresholds and brand effects on product extension.
Companies will use different M & As strategies, both domestic and foreign, to systematically integrate innovative frontier technologies and home-grown operating platforms in international markets, and to expand new production lines in domestic M & As to accelerate entry into new areas. Since 2008, companies have initiated 13 M & As, of which four are international M & As, nine are domestic M & As, and nine are integrated with M & As.
Four cases of expanding life information and supporting product lines, three cases related to in vitro detection, one case related to medical images, and four cases related to endoscopes and high-value osteoporosis. Since the launch of the global M&A in 2008, companies have built and consolidated their global R&D, marketing, manufacturing integration platforms, M&A experience, M&A efficiency, volume, and volume.
In 2008, companies began to further strengthen the Euro-American market, acquiring datashop life information and support operations for $202 million, which enabled them to acquire custody products and complete the transition from Chinese-based firms to internationalized leaders.
The product quality and sales have risen dramatically, making Murray one of the world’s leading providers of medical equipment and one of the three major brands of the global custodian equipment industry. The purchase of datashops has enabled Murray to enter the North American and European markets successfully.
While there is a lack of distribution channels to reach national markets, North American hospitals are more likely to buy directly from suppliers, and the purchase of datascope brings a direct hospital sales team and European distribution channels to Murray, allowing companies to open up the European American market and better control terminal prices. Another strategic value of the datascope is the acquisition of software from the universal computing platform, which provides
Expanding the workflow of medical equipment (surveillance, alert alerts, full public data storage and event review) and integrating medical equipment with electronic medical records. Developing these types of software applications requires detailed knowledge of client workflows and needs, which are difficult tasks for manufacturers in developing countries.
In 2013, the company acquired Sonare for $105 million, acquired the most advanced Sonography (tm) regional imaging technology of Sonare, and began entering the market for high-end ultrasound diagnostics. In 2001, Murray’s first full-word ultrasound diagnostic system was marketed, but the company’s ultrasound diagnostic system products were concentrated in mid- and low-end markets.
The acquisition, which ranks fifth in terms of high-end ultrasound diagnostic systems in the United States, shows that Murray will go into high-end ultrasound diagnostics, competing with three leading companies in the high-end ultrasound market, ge-health, Philip, and Siemens. Zonare is not the only leading research and development team and leading ultrasound patent technology in the world, but more importantly in the United States, Canada, Northern Europe, and the United States.
In the coming years, companies plan to combine global market opportunities to further optimize the integration platform of strong integration, replicable, and high-growth M & As, integrating cutting-edge technology globally through strategic forward-looking M & As transactions.
Consolidate and upgrade existing operations, further expand and enrich existing product lines, increase the market share of growing businesses, continue to explore new areas of operation for medical devices, and seek further opportunities for sustained growth.
In vitro diagnosis: the growth of blood cells and biochemicals is stable, the rapid growth of chemical light is leading to an increase in the entire plate, the growth of public medical images: the overall growth of the colour super business is stable, the growth of portable colours is higher, and the growth of high-end colours is sustained.
As a comparable listed company, the average is 78 times the average of pe (ttm) and 62 times the average of Méri Medical Pe (ttm), which is significantly lower than, in summary, we believe that the company has a prominent leader in the national machinery, a high industry profile and growth in the coming years.
The valuation is clearly undervalued compared to comparable listed companies. For the first time, the “buy-in” rating is given.
The pharmaceutical industry is a technology-intensive industry, with a long research and development cycle, and there is a risk that research and development will fail; new products are available for sale at such stages as nuclear and registration approval. As countries’ registration and regulatory systems are in a changing state, there is still a risk that products will not be registered in the future.
As distributors face end customers, failure by companies to improve their management capacity in a timely manner, and in the event of mismanagement and irregularities by distributors, they will be unable to provide high-quality services to end-users, have an impact on the company ' s brand and reputation, and lead to a regional decline in corporate sales.
M & As are important growth strategies for companies, but M & As have potential hidden debt risks, potential litigation risks, regulatory risks, operations management risks, and staff management risks, if the company fails to effectively integrate M & As, or attracts or retains talent, or fails to expand the business as expected, may result in corporate business, finance and production experience
The Chinese-American trade friction has led to increased tariffs, while the company’s custody of American exports, colour, in vitro diagnostic products, and related accessories are all subject to increased tariffs. If the company is unable to transfer the associated costs to downstream customers, it will have an impact on the company’s net profit.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board