It's a big deal, and now we're moving from the top to the top.
The domestic market for medical devices has been growing at a relatively high rate with the process of ageing and the rise of national production, and Murray's medical care, as the absolute leader in the field of medical equipment in the country, will continue to evolve from industry to policy.
The company relies on its “three main advantages” to further enhance its market competitiveness and the stability of its products. As the country’s leading innovative medical equipment company, the Murray Medical Development, clearly matches the policy orientation of technological innovation.
It is expected that the company will continue to maintain its current high growth rate, further consolidate its current position as a leader of national production and accelerate its pursuit of advanced foreign brands.
The medical equipment industry, in particular the medical equipment tap company, has a clear technical advantage, an external M&A advantage and a product sticky advantage, and these three advantages will further consolidate the sale of the company's products.
The market is about 300 indexes of relative depth. As a leading company for domestic medical equipment, Murray's health will continue to drive corporate performance through its “three main advantages” and its management and marketing systems of reasonable cost-efficiency control.
To encourage substitution of medical equipment, technological innovation for the benefit of the country's producers, the establishment of a system of graded consultations will require a long-term process, which is still largely in progress.
At the hardware and human capacity-building stage, domestic medical equipment companies will continue to benefit from grass-roots medical treatment and policy preferences. At the same time, the state has strengthened the regulation of medical devices and in vitro diagnostics, and has strengthened product registration and approval.
International markets have been expanding for a long time, and M&As and differentiation strategies have worked well.
The company’s overseas market sales are expected to continue to increase steadily as emerging markets expand. Risk factors: the under-exercise of high-end equipment and the marked increase in competition at the grass-roots level.
With the emergence of technological advantages and the continuous rise in brand influence, companies are providing life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and in vitro diagnosis.
In the field of medical imagery, there have been rapid developments in the “troika”: in the domestic market, firms have continued to expand in high-end and lower-middle-end markets, thanks to political bias and industry trends; in the international market, firms have maintained the growth momentum by helping to diversify their competitive strategies and value-for-money advantages; in addition, firms have increased their potential business growth.
The market now holds the view that, as the acquisition of basic medical equipment improves, the company’s operations at the grass-roots level will be saturated, and market competition will become more intense. But based on an analysis of industry data and the characteristics of the equipment industry, we believe that it is important to look at this.
There is still much room for improvement in health facilities at the former grass-roots level, and improvements in the grass-roots health market will be a long-term process. As the leader of the domestic medical apparatus, the company has a strong research and development power that can reach high-end markets through technological catch-up and value-for-money advantages.
The company’s three main lines of business are gaining momentum, and its future performance is more certain. Market recognition for high-end products is increasing, leading to a sustained spread of products, improved health conditions at the grass-roots level are increasing the acquisition of equipment, and new business potentials are maturing and contributing to income growth.
The risk of less than expected high-end equipment, increased competition at the grass-roots level, increased volatility in overseas markets,1 medical equipment protection river, and the current global market for medical equipment, which is now dominated by large medical equipment companies abroad, is now in a steady state of development.
Middle-end and high-end markets. At home, especially in the country's comprehensive tri-a hospital, the dependency on high-end foreign brands is also very high. At present, domestic medical equipment companies are fully catching up and have even surpassed import brands in some areas. So we have reason to believe that in the future, some domestic medical equipment companies will continue to grow.
Be strong, be the best company in the world. On the basis of a perception of multiple dimensions, such as integrated industry characterization, company trajectories, and space speculation to break down business plates, we believe that the Méri Medical Care will be a strong global competitor in the field of medical equipment and will continue to be a national champion.
1.1 Headline companies perform more steadily and market concentration is stronger. From the global market as a whole, medical equipment has entered a relatively mature period, maintaining a positive growth rate on a large scale. By 2017, worldwide revenues from the sale of medical equipment had exceeded $400 billion, an increase of 4.5 per cent.
And the domestic market for medical equipment has grown at a significantly higher rate than the global level, from RMB 170 billion in 2012 to RMB 5304 billion in 2018, with a compound growth rate of 20.9 per cent. According to the global distribution pattern, 20 companies accounted for nearly 40 per cent of the global market for medical equipment by 2018.
The 10th-sized company observes that the top 10 large-scale firms in the industry have largely maintained a preponderant position over other companies, and market ownership has remained stable and slowly rising. The fall in 2014 was actually due to the third-highest Medtenian takeover in 2013, which resulted from the sale of part of its business for antimonopoly reasons, followed by an overall market share.
1.2 Head companies have a stronger technical advantage, a more extended M&A advantage and a more sticky product advantage than they will continue to do in 2012, and the market position of the medical equipment head business is difficult to shake, and we believe that there are a number of core factors: technology:
Accomplishment, extension and acquisition advantages, and product sticky advantages. Technical advantages: The early development of the medical equipment industry is reflected in the company's pre-emptive advantage, when the company is more like a “student”, able to emerge quickly from a blank area by relying on a technology and relying on initial accumulation.
As the industry matures, companies are now more like “inheriters” and need to integrate technological resources, such as electronics, computer technology, sensor technology, signal processing technology, biochemistry, bedtime medicine, precision machinery, optical, auto-control, fluid mechanics, etc., to build a more comprehensive and deeper instrumentation platform.
This accumulation of equipment technology, from shallow to deep, one-dimensional to multidimensional, takes a great deal of time, resources, and, through gradual substitution, forms the company's technology, the moat river. Excerpt M & A: M & A advantage is another important advantage of leading medical equipment companies, which, at the technical level, extends.
M & As can help companies to maintain their own technological moats and maintain potential income growth points when they are in a “calculus” position in a given area: in terms of market concentration, external M & As can strengthen the company’s market share and keep the company at the forefront of the industry. For example, R & D diagnostics are the first to enter.
One of the companies in the field of diagnosis, in the course of its development, acquired a number of technologies, including pcr patents, through the accumulation of technology and a number of successful mergers and acquisitions, which ensured the long-term development of the diagnostic business.
Equipment, especially large-scale medical equipment, such as high-end testing and video equipment, often requires a more complex approval process for admission to the hospital because of the high unit cost. In clinical use, medical equipment is shown to be a very different user: the medicine is usually prescribed by a doctor and is used by the patient.
When doctors or technicians are used to a certain type of medical device or device, the process and feeling of its interface, reading of the results, and specific operations have become a “circumstance” and have created an obvious sticky use of the product, resulting in higher conversion costs. In addition to clinical admissions and applications, the timely services of medical equipment companies have been further enhanced.
With a sense of goodwill, users have been able to consolidate their glue, thereby better maintain their market position and share. For example, the country’s traditional Drd equipment, which, in a 2014 study by the Medical Equipment Association, had a high market concentration, such as Siemens and Philip, ranked one or two places in post-sale services and almost outperformed the industry’s averages in the breakdown of services.
Figure 5: Dr equipment sample brand composition Figure 6: Dr equipment sample sample comprehensive services rating 1.3 Medical Equipment Company multilayered advantage to maintain performance and avoid patented cliffs
As a result of the above-mentioned advantages of the head medical equipment company, the “coastal river” has created high barriers between the various sub-sectors of the equipment industry. The co-accumulation of technology, mergers, and product use habits has made the income and profitability of medical equipment more robust, and the expiry of a patent for explosives in the traditional medicine industry has become quite similar.
The production of drugs has led to a significant decline in the income from the original brand sales, showing different industry dynamics. Patentanalysis:'totalsalesatrik'representstheworldworldproducsalesintheyearpriortopatentextentexpatriatedbuttaltotheyearof expiry.e.g. plavixhadsalesof $7.1bnin2011, thisisshownaboveas'atrisk'atrisk'in2012.
For the medical equipment industry, headline status is an important advantage in the development of the medical equipment company, and as the leading industry in the current domestic market for medical equipment, Méri is expected to continue to consolidate its industrial position in the future and to analyse the import brand 2, Méri's medical “cross-sections”
Murray was founded in 1991 and became the country's first medical equipment company to land in New York in 2006, and privatization was completed in 2016, from the United States stock market and listed on the national entrepreneurship board in 2018.
Medical equipment listed by the company, which currently focuses on three major business plates; life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, and medical images, and ranked among the top players in the competition of domestic companies, is undoubtedly the leading head of the domestic medical equipment industry.
Limited and MagnificeLimited indirectly hold the smartcodevelopingmited and magnifice(hk)limited shares of the company, which together hold 51.33% of the shares of the company, while the two manage the shares of the company through the Chuhai Weilong Consulting Company Ltd. and the Jue Heefu Investment Consulting Company, which controls 6.83% of the shares of the company.
To hold part of the company’s shares through everunion (h.k.) Limited. All three of them are Méri’s medical founders, who know the company’s development and technology, so that the three hold the company’s shares centrally, which is very important for the stability and management of the company’s structure, and which further binds the benefits.
2.2 Corporate operations and major costs Profit amounts to RMB 3,719 million, and revenue growth is driven mainly by domestic sales.
And 26.2 per cent by 2018, driven by high-end products, corporate Māori rates and net interest rates had risen over 14 years, particularly in life support and medical video operations, while in vitro diagnostics were small in 2018, while companies continued to upgrade their management and distribution networks while their operations expanded rapidly.
At the administrative cost end, the company’s administrative cost rate has continued a slight downward trend in recent years, with an increase in the number of managers through management costs and average salaries. The number of sales personnel has also increased over the same period, reflecting, in aggregate, the excellence of the company’s management system; at the sales cost end, the company’s sales pay is much higher than that of its counterparts.
A significant proportion, reflected in higher sales costs than comparable counterparts, but with competitive products and remuneration, firms maintained a better pace of growth in the scale of their operations and sales costs continued to decline.
Companies continue to add up R & D inputs, and while their R & D costs as a percentage of business income are not absolutely ahead of their counterparts in industry, they are comparable to firms in industries far above their absolute value and are rising year by year. By 2018, the total R & D investment of the public sector amounted to 1,267 million yuan, representing 10.3 per cent of revenue, to boost the company's performance in the areas of beauty, guardianship and body.
Follow-up R & D and market competitiveness of external testing products provide sufficient assurance. It is with this steady increase in R & D investment that by 2018 the company had nearly 2,000 R & D engineers, nearly 4,000 patents, more than 20% of which were patented for European inventions in the United States, and in 2017 the National Development Commission (NADC) had 50 enterprises with the highest patent volume of inventions.
At the same time, companies own eight R & D centers in various cities in the country and the United States, and companies will in the future mobilize excellent resources globally to integrate the technological innovation capabilities of overseas R & D centers in order to build an efficient global R & D system.
Figure 17: The Murray Global Center for Research and Development focuses on clinical research (clinical demand collection, identification of the cutting edge technologies that need to be developed to focus on digital ultrasound.
), user interface design and industrial design. Focused on in vitro diagnosis, digital ultrasound, medical information, and operating room equipment such as surgical lamps, surgical beds, hangars, hangbridges, etc.
Focusing on the development of blood cell analysers, luminous immunoanalyst products, on life information and support, and digital ultrasound software technology, many new technologies pre-research.
In the allocation of R & D inputs, companies have invested similarly in three main lines of business, thus maintaining a good R & D momentum in each of the three lines of business, building up considerable R & D technologies and applying them at all levels of the company.
Figure 19: Technology under development In vitro diagnosis, Figure 20: Major equipment under development
2.4 The global coverage of the distribution network, multi-level marketing and full range of services, apart from the accumulation of R & D, companies have 40 offshore subsidiaries in more than 30 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa, Latin America. There are 17 domestic subsidiaries and more than 40 affiliates, creating a huge global dimension.
Corporate products and solutions have been applied in more than 190 countries and territories around the world. Figure 21: Global coverage of corporate operations in the domestic market, with nearly 110,000 medical institutions and more than 99% of tri-a-hospitals in China, including the entire country.
In the international market, Murray has entered about two-thirds of the United States hospitals, nearly 10,000 medical institutions, and has been widely used in core sections such as icu, anaesthesia, emergency services, etc. In the top 10 heart hospitals in the United States, nine are using Méri's products. In English, German, French, etc.
In the top teaching hospitals in European countries, Murray provides his core sections with high-quality, holistic solutions and improved global coverage of top-level hospitals
The company has established a three-tier technical support structure outside the country, receiving user declarations through a local overseas service hotline provided by 28 affiliates abroad, and providing on-site services and in-depth technical support to clients from more than 100 in-situ direct service sites. Outside this, overseas affiliates provide a full range of post-sale technical training for local end-user and channel resources.
Domestically, the company has a complete "Headquarters - Branch - Direct Service Station - Service Sub-contractor" set of four-tier network services, with more than 45 in-house direct service stations and more than 500 high-quality authorized service sub-contractors.
The fourth level of the spare parts library, the advanced crm customer relationship management system, provides a proactive, prophylactic approach to remote service diagnosis, with over 500 direct engineers and more than 1900 specialized service sub-contractors trained, evaluated and certified by the former plant to provide complete product solutions to clients.
Figure 24: Corporate service coverage 2.5 Policy and the primary medical environment are good, and there is still room for a significant increase in the market share of leading companies 2.5.1 The share of national production is low compared to the global flagship
As a leading company in the field of domestically produced medical devices, the future market for Méri’s medical care is still very promising. The world-wide pattern shows that the top three medical equipment companies have market holdings of more than 15%, and remain stable over the long term.
Figure 25: Share of markets in the world ' s top three large-scale medical equipment companies Figure 26: Share of markets in the country ' s top three large-scale medical equipment companies in 2018
In terms of policy dynamics, the graded consultations are a long-term trend and policy, but the shift in the number of consultations is the result of a gradual approach: to increase the level of acquisition of diagnostic equipment at the grass-roots level and to strengthen national production replacements (hardware upgrading) – to strengthen grass-roots capacity-building (upgrading software) – to bridge the gap in health-care payments at all levels (guiding visits).
The shift in the number of consultations will eventually take place. We believe that the current phase of graded consultations is still mainly in the first and second stages of upgrading hardware and humans, and that it will not be possible in the short term to reach phase III. Thus, the overall market space for medical equipment at the grass-roots level is still in the upswing phase, with national product plates benefiting from space upgrading and market penetration.
Since 2009, the country has produced a policy paper to encourage the local development of standards for the treatment of patients, followed by an accelerated system for the treatment of patients, policies and documents and detailed requests for the treatment of patients. In September 2015, the State Department issued a policy paper to encourage the local development of standards for the treatment of patients.
As a result of the instructions for the development of the system, the objectives of the system and the location of hospitals are essentially defined.
In the past, there has been limited procurement at primary health-care facilities, or because of the low level of personnel, which has led to the purchase of equipment.
Inactivity further affects subsequent purchases. But this situation will improve gradually with improvements in the equipment and personnel of primary health-care institutions. Between 2013 and 2018, the number of beds in primary health-care facilities increased from more than 1.3 million to nearly 1.6 million, with a compound growth rate of 3.2 per cent, while the number of community health centres, health clinics, outpatient clinics, etc. was higher.
High-level primary health-care institutions have also significantly improved their level of education and have significantly narrowed the gap with the average hospital level. Therefore, we believe that the purchase of basic health-care equipment will continue to increase, thanks to the stratification policy and the symmetry of the country’s output, and to the symmetry of the quality of the personnel.
2.5.3 Encourage national substitution of medical equipment, technological innovation to benefit from national production, and on the basis of the promotion of graded medical treatment, national and provincial policies and municipal policies support the procurement of national production equipment. The policy does not simply encourage primary health-care institutions to purchase more domestically produced medical equipment, but also requires that even high-end markets have the same technology.
At the same time, enterprises are encouraged to innovate in technology and products, and more in the case of state-owned equipment that meets technologically advanced standards. Therefore, for domestic medical equipment companies, especially industry leaders, Murray is expected to benefit from policy advice in combination with his own excellent research and development and marketing systems.
In order to develop innovations and improve the quality of the industry, the State has significantly strengthened its overall supervision, including of medical devices and diagnostics. As of the end of 2018, there were 1618 standards for effective medical devices, including 219 national standards.
Industry standards 1399. The coverage of the system of standards has been raised year by year, and medical equipment standards and international standards I have reached a level of 90% or more. From 2015 to 2018, the number of applications processed by the former cfda for the renewal of the registration of in vitro diagnostic reagents and medical devices has declined significantly. We believe that the State, on the one hand, has accelerated the process of national substitution ...
In the face of higher demands for product innovation and overall performance, industry leaders, on the one hand, have considerable size advantages, with a clear price advantage over imported products, and, on the other hand, are able to invest enough in R & D and have a stronger performance advantage in the face of domestic competition. Thus, they benefit from overall industrial upgrading and upgrading.
In the broader context of the hierarchies, it is expected that national production poles will be able to achieve growth above average industry levels, further 3 - International markets: international markets have been opened for a long time, international market revenues are expected to be stable 3.1 and Asian and African markets contribute high
Murray started off in the domestic market and started expanding its operations to the international market in 2000. Since then, the international market has grown to $782 million, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the same period.
Even so, sales in North America in 2018 and 209h1 were positive growth, reflecting the competitiveness of the company’s market. And we can also see that the company’s Euro-American market is growing relatively slowly, but the Asian-African market is growing significantly.
Crucially, for these regions, where the performance and prices of corporate products are extremely high, it is believed that growth in these regions will continue to be more favourable to developed markets in Europe and the United States, so that the impact on overseas markets is expected to remain manageable if trade disputes intensify in the future.
3.2 Overseas M&As have been effective, using flexible strategies to expand the market. Companies adhere to the strategy of endogenous growth and extended acquisition of “two legs walking”, giving priority to acquisition of technology prior to foreign investment acquisitions, and segmenting market access to enhance overseas platform-based capacity-building.
Autonomous R & D creates synergies that drive the technological, academic, and brand value market penetration of Meri's products. In the past, companies have had a number of very successful M & As, the most important of which are: datascope, artema, Sonare, and ulco.
Marketing channels and technologies for products, and gradually creating complementarities or synergies with other lines of business. Chart 37: M&As abroad, in addition to active and productive acquisitions, companies have adopted different overseas competitive strategies based on their own product orientation.
In the case of North America, the company’s largest overseas market, where the company acquired Zonare and acquired high-end technology, and by integrating it with its own technology, increased the export of high-end equipment by working with hospitals. On the other hand, price advantage continued to capture market share. Unlike ultra-competitive patterns, companies already held 10% of the market in the global custodian market.
As technology continues to improve, corporate oversight or procurement increases. These two different market competition strategies reflect companies’ active participation in market expansion while fully understanding their position, and we anticipate that as the performance of the three business lines improves, companies sell abroad.
In the case of dry overseas markets, we believe that: there is a clear technical and price advantage for such markets as those in Africa and Asia, and that future market lending will accelerate further; in the case of the markets in Europe and the United States, there may be an advance in national product brands because of the near saturation of their own markets and the firm's face to competition from the cross-country brands of Europe and America, as well as the economic slowdown in the region of Europe and the United States.
A step-by-step resistance increases the market risk of competition. Thus, we believe that the company’s overseas market is expected to maintain its current growth momentum, making it more difficult to achieve a significant cross-cutting growth.
After the environment and overseas operations, we expect that Méri Medical Care will continue to maintain its current industry niche, followed by Life Information and Support: the company, as a custodian and industry leader in the relevant fields, will benefit more from the growth in the range of guardianship instruments and rates, so that the growth in sales revenue is expected to continue at a modest rate in 2020 and 2021.
In vitro diagnosis: the number of competitors in the field of in vitro diagnosis is high, while there are significant differences in market patterns, market size, etc. in the market for basic and medium-end technologies, taking into account the technological dimension of the company and the excellent medical images of the product coverage: therefore, the lack of human capacity-building at the grass-roots level will have a greater impact on the acquisition of ultrasound equipment, plus a foundation.
There is a relative lack of funds for acquisition, which makes it relatively difficult to expand at the grass-roots level. But breakthroughs in high-end areas are expected to keep the division at the forefront, achieve rapid growth, cover recommendations for the first time, and give an “enhanced” rating.