It's a big deal, and now we're moving from the top to the bottom.
The domestic market for medical devices has been growing at a relatively high rate, accompanied by ageing and the rise of national production. Myrry's medical care, as the absolute leader in the domestic field of medical equipment, will continue to evolve from industry to policy.
In the area of life information and support, companies will be active in meeting the needs of the grass-roots market, benefiting from the expansion of the open market, achieving steady growth in guardianship equipment, and generating other products to take over the city.
In the field of in vitro diagnostics, companies rely on technological integration to expand the market for medium- and low-end technologies and take advantage of the market for medium- and high-end technologies. In the field of medical imagery, companies use technological advantages to advance into the upper-end and build up the basic supermarket. We anticipate that the company will continue.
Keeping up with a high rate of growth, maintaining the current leader of national production and accelerating the pursuit of advanced foreign brands.
There is still room for significant improvement in the relative depth of 300 indices. As the policy of graded consultations advances, companies will continue to benefit from the expansion and improvement of clinical services at the grass-roots level and from the opening of empty markets.
Increased market share, driven by the sale of custodians. By integrating advantages, increasing the value of products, deep-farming diagnostic markets, biochemical and blood-testing markets will rely on integrating advantages to raise market share; medium and high.
At the end of the technology market, the company achieved a full increase in the prices of chemical reagents and equipment sold and will continue to expand the chemical luminous business; it also moved into the field of fluid cell detection and developed new in vitro detection growth points.
High-end ultrasound leaps, low- and medium-end ultrasounds, corporate-level ultrasound gains technological advantage and will be the biggest beneficiary of grass-roots market expansion;
A step-by-step expansion of corporate brand influence and clinical recognition is expected to result in high-end ultrasound exposure in high-level general hospitals and specialist medical aaaMerry (upper) depth reports.
Risk factors: the risk of less than expected high-end equipment being released, the risk of increased competition at the grass-roots level, the risk of increased volatility in overseas markets.
With the emergence of technological advantages and the continuous rise in brand influence, the company has been able to develop a “troika” in the areas of life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery: in the domestic market, the company has continued to expand in high-end and lower-middle-end markets, thanks to its political bias and industry trends; in the international market, the company borrows.
In addition to maintaining the growth momentum by helping to diversify competitive strategies and value-for-money advantages, firms are building up potential business growth points, building up some technological and market experience, and leading up to future market competition.
The market now holds the view that, as the acquisition of primary medical equipment improves, the company’s primary market operations will saturate and the market will become more competitive. But, based on analysis of industry data and the characteristics of the equipment industry, we believe that there is still much room for improvement in the pre-primary health facility, and that the primary health market will be a long-term improvement.
The company, as the leader of the domestic medical apparatus, has a strong R & D power that can cut into high-end markets through technological catch-up and value-for-money advantages. It can also enhance the competitiveness of grass-roots markets through technological counter-feeding.
High-end product market recognition increases and leads to sustained product exposure, improved health conditions at the grass-roots level continue to increase in equipment acquisition, new business potentials mature and contribute to income growth. Risks of low-end equipment exposure, significant increases in competition at the grass-roots level, and increased volatility in overseas markets
Life information and support products include: guardianship, defibrillator, anaesthetic machine, respirator, electrocardiogram machine, operating bed
Surgery lamps, hangars, injection pumps, operating room/heavy care unit solutions, etc. are a combination of vital information monitoring and supporting a range of instruments and solutions. This line of operations is a corporate niche, and is now in the first place in the domestic market, the third in the global market, and the domestic market continues to grow, until 2018, Murray.
Over 60% of the market share of health care. For many years, the company has worked in the area of guardianship, the product of guardianship covers several models and applications, the company continues to optimize its upgrading, and the hardware and software of the product of guardianship has further consolidated the company’s leading position.
The inter-product synergies are further magnified by a reputational entry based on a monitor, which drives the sale of defibrillators, anaesthetics, respirators, injection pumps and other related products. As of 2019q3, the company ' s vital information and support business generated $322,648.62 million in revenue, an increase of 24.44 per cent.
1.1.1 The penetration rate of the guardianship equipment industry remains high, with companies continuing to produce replacements and industry growth in beneficiary countries. In 2009, the rate of coverage of the guardianship system was only 20 per cent (custody penetration = custody/bed count) and the size of the city as a whole was only 2 billion yuan. In 2015, the rate of coverage of the overall guardianship system was about 30 per cent, with a composite growth rate close to that of the country.
The future expansion of the domestic guardianship market will be largely due to an increase in the rate of coverage of the overall guardianship system. On the one hand, there will be an increase in the overall coverage of the guardianship industry, and on the other hand, an increase in the share of domestic production equipment.
The treatment policy, particularly as a result of the biased procurement policy for domestically produced equipment, is expected to continue for a longer period of time to upgrade the capacity of the primary clinic and the acquisition of supervised equipment, and companies will take advantage of price advantages and leadership to take up a larger market space. Although China’s share of equipment in the domestic guardianship market has gradually increased, to the year 2018 as a whole.
Over 50 per cent, but in some of the more economically developed provinces and cities and high-level general hospitals in the country, there are higher levels of surveillance equipment, but the market share of state-produced guardianship instruments is still lagging behind the overall penetration rate and continues to shrink, even in some areas, to the level of imported equipment, as the performance of domestic guardianship equipment increases further.
The substitution effect of the import brands of districts and hospitals will continue to rise. In terms of import and export amounts, we have further validated our market judgement on the acceleration of the national production substitution process in the guardianship sector. The domestic import of guardianship equipment has remained largely stable since 2010, but the domestic export of guardianship equipment has continued.
In foreign markets, companies have successfully entered the world’s top cardiosurgery hospital, the Royal Paphoworth Hospital, and now have coverage of the institution-wide care solution, further enhancing its overseas visibility. From North American sales, there has been no significant change in the number of institutions covered, but sales have increased somewhat since 2015.
It is true that corporate custody products have improved overseas competitiveness (see data below). We expect that the offshore market will expand further in the future as corporate high-end custody equipment is recognized. 1.1.2 Corporate high-end custody products are superior in performance, leading to the development of information age custodians.
In order to further enhance the competitiveness of the product market, the company introduced the benevisionn series, the most recent of which is N22/19, the world ' s first-ever new-generation guardianship platform capable of rotating the screen, which meets the larger monitor values shown under the screen, while taking into account the longer wave shape under the screen.
Equipment, in addition to screen rotation, has been assembled into a variety of advanced functionality and monitoring indicators, including high-end technical features such as “Richiku, Rijijan, and UIF” that lead to the development of the Information Age Guardian.
(a) Sound monitoring of multiple parameters for measuring, measuring carbon dioxide volume and cavity monitoring, and blood flow mechanics monitoring, based on intelligent screening, classification, tracking, analysis, visualization of indicator patterns and pathology trends for clinical practitioners, reduction of misreporting, and increased confidence and efficiency in clinical decision-making;
"Rijijan" is an integral part of the n-series industrial design. On the one hand, the screen is rotated as necessary to better observe parameters, and on the other hand, the time spent by medical staff in practice has been significantly reduced by gestures, smart displays, parameter recognition, human interaction, graphic guidance, etc.
Shortcut, 90% of the operation takes only two steps. RI: The clinical staff can easily access hospital systems like cis, hes, and so on, based on the built-in pc module iview, with the advanced technology of integratedit, n-series monitors.
Integration of data from various bedside equipment such as respirators, injection pumps and transmission to the rest of the hospital system to centralize the supervision of hospitals.
In 2009, the company launched its first home-grown tremor-free product, beneheartd6. Then launched the Chinese first-ever tremor device, beneheartd1, which has made a leap in national production technology and has succeeded in bringing the product into public applications, further driving the rapid release of tremors.
From 2015 to 2017, the domestic tremor market was 5.3, 6.5 and 750 million yuan, respectively, while the global (excluding the United States and Japan) market for defibrillant equipment was 680 million, 710 million and $740 million, respectively. From 2015 to 2017, the sales of company tremors rose rapidly from 188 million yuan to 333 million yuan, reaching third in global and domestic market shares.
In the first place, the compound growth rate reached 33.1 per cent, significantly higher than the growth rate in the domestic and global markets during the same period. By 2018, the sales of company defibrillators had risen by 30.27 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while in the fifth series of high-quality nationally produced medical equipment product catalogues, published on 24 March 2019, various models of company defibrillators were successfully selected.
Figure 11: Beneheartd series and aed product Chart 10: Sale of company defibrillation equipment (millions of yuan) In the field of anesthesia, the company ' s products are a series and wato series, a series of which belongs to medium- and high-end products that drive companies
The company’s share of the market for anaesthesia machines has gradually increased, showing good competitiveness. By 2018, the company’s market for anaesthesia machines had been ranked third in both the global and domestic markets.
The share is 14.6%, with 3rd level hospitals 12.9%, and the national production replacement space is large. At the same time, brand satisfaction is higher than rivals, providing a strong guarantee for the subsequent competition for market share.
The sale of equipment declined slightly in 2016, as a result of increased competition. But in 2017, the company increased its sales to 380 million yuan, a 25.5 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with an average sale price of 41,000, the second largest share of the company ' s domestic market in 2018, but national production in the lighthouse area, unlike the pattern of the drug market, is in the field of lighthouses.
In the future, companies will expand their share on the basis of branding and market promotion, based on continued domestic substitution. Corporate life information and support are gaining momentum, with individual sub-products at the forefront of the country’s development.
To: corporate custody and related products, which are highly competitive in the domestic market. At the same time, guardianship equipment benefits from the low rate of penetration of custody, and there will be more definite market demand in the future, so that there is still much room for improvement in corporate life information and business income in support of business lines in the country, and growth rates are expected to remain stable as products function.
Growing up, companies are expected to continue to open international markets and gain greater market space. 1.2.1 In vitro diagnostic industry background.ivd In vitro diagnosis refers to reagents, instruments and devices used to collect, prepare and test human samples.
A systematic diagnosis of a disease or other state of the human body (including the state of human health) provides information for the mitigation, treatment, and prevention of disease and its complications.
Since China was founded, part of ivd's research and development has begun gradually, but it has not been industrialized in real terms because of the limitations of the times. After the reforms and opening up, China's ivd industry has moved into a high-speed, long-term state, where it is now fully automated, while at the same time strengthening and guiding autonomous research by introducing high-end technology from abroad.
As a key part of the process of diagnosis of diseases, the in vitro diagnosis business has become increasingly important, and the market has grown rapidly. In 2018, the country ' s in vitro diagnosis market was about 60.4 billion yuan, an increase of 18.43 per cent.
Immunization diagnostics are the largest in vitro diagnostic subsector in the country, covering radio-immunisation, enzyme immunisation, rubber, chemical lighting, etc., and are applied on a large scale to infectious disease detection, endocrines, tumours, etc.
The size of the market is expected to continue to grow at a rapid pace, with a high degree of coverage and detection. In this case, better national production has been achieved on medium- and low-end diagnostic equipment and diagnostic reagents, but in the high-end diagnostics market, it is still a situation of foreign giants with low levels of national production.
Biochemical diagnostics are a basic test for clinical applications in hospitals, mainly for clinical emergency and routine biochemical indicators. These tests are based on higher hospital coverage and simple and rapid use, and therefore the scale of the biochemical diagnostic market is expected to grow more limited.
Industry will focus more on the quality of its products: after-sales services, marketing models, etc. will add value to the marketing of products. Industry resources will be further consolidated, small and medium-sized enterprises with low-cost strategies will have a compressed living space, industry leaders will have a super-industry average. Molecular diagnosis is currently a hot diagnostic area, using pcr, fluorescent hybrids, gene sequencing, etc.
Technology, widely applied to the detection of viral nucleic acids, disease diagnosis, etc. We expect the molecular diagnostic market to continue to expand and develop rapidly as the target is applied to drugs, genetic screening, etc.
Figure 21: The evolution of in vitro diagnostic technology, although the market for in vitro diagnostics has grown at a remarkable rate, has a very different pattern of competition in medium- and low-end, medium-end and high-end technology markets. The market is larger, but the number of competitors is larger, and up to 2017, the country’s producers of in vitro diagnostic reagents.
Over hundreds of them are concentrated, mostly in the area of mid- and low-end diagnosis. High-end markets are dominated by transnational brands.
Figure 22: Domestic In vitro Diagnosis Market share 2017. 1.2.2 Corporate In vitro diagnostic coverage, equipment and reagent replacements.
Diagnostic products include, inter alia, blood cell analysers, biochemical analysers, chemically luminous immune analysers, condensated blood analysers, urine analysers, microbiological diagnostic systems, etc. At the same time, the company upgrades its dynamic products and further expands its market share through product integration advantages.
Chart 24: The blood analysis series of products is currently gaining momentum in the company ' s in vitro diagnostics business, with sales revenue growing rapidly since 2014, with a compound growth rate of nearly 20 per cent. As of 2019h1, the company ' s in vitro diagnostics business income amounted to 2,84.5 billion yuan, an increase of 22,48 per cent over the same period.
At the end of the product, the company's reagent products and testing and analysis equipment have ushered in a phase of high-priced eruptions, further proving that Murray, the “leader” of domestic producers, on the one hand, competes differently in the market, focusing on product integration and technological advantages, and leads by building on existing high-end integration techniques.
National production, partly beyond transnational brands, such as high-speed biochemical analysers, high-end five-class blood cell analysis and crp integrated testing, and auto-waterline testing. On the other hand, while rapidly developing, active research and development is challenging cross-country brands in medium- and high-technology markets based on value for money.
Through different strategies in different technology markets, companies continue to increase their penetration in hospitals, further consolidating their corporate leadership. Companies also enter the fluid cell market and step up their pursuit of import brands.
1.2.3 Biochemical diagnostic operations: National production substitution rates are high and the benefits of graded diagnostics are growing steadily. China ' s biochemical diagnostic market is well established to provide biochemical analysers and biochemical reagents, but it is mostly concentrated in low- and medium-end markets.
Classes, inorganic elements, liver functions, kidney functions, etc., are more than 50, with more than 100 tests, with an overall national substitution rate of about 70%. Biochemical diagnostic equipment is currently being displayed mainly in the direction of modularization, automation, and containment systems.
It is expected to continue to grow by 6-7% in the future. The lead company will take advantage of integration and technological advantages. Figure 29: Hospitals and primary health-care facilities treat patients in hundreds of millions. The company already has some technical advantages in the biochemical testing market.
The company's high-speed biochemical analysis equipment bs-2000m, which reduces the output time by 28%, shows a clear test speed advantage. The bs-2000 can be expanded to sal9000 level online with the high-speed chemical luminometer cl-6000i.
On the one hand, companies can replace multinational brands by technological catch-up and price advantage upwards in high-level general hospitals. On the other hand, future biochemical testing markets are expected to sink further, taking into account price factors and policy directions, and national production.
The advantages of equipment are obvious. In this case, the company’s equipment has a clear technical advantage in national equipment, so that it has a clear advantage to expand down the primary health-care sector and eventually expand sales from the top to the bottom. So we expect that the company’s biochemical testing operations will continue to grow faster than industry.
Figure 30: bs-2000m full-automatic biochemistry analyser. 1.2.4 Blood testing: the domestic market is in the vanguard, and the integration of equipment is evident. Companies have a strong advantage in the blood fluid testing market and have created several “national first” companies in the blood cell market.
Since its launch in 1998 of the first three-point blood cell analyser in the country, bc-2000, software and hardware have been constantly upgraded, and the first three- and five-class blood cell analyser in the country has been introduced. In 2014, the company launched the so-called Cal 8,000, the first blood fluid analysis stream in the country, and the innovation of the system is in the two cores.
Heart: bc-6800 blood cell analyser combined with bc-69000 blood fluid integrated machine. The single machine, using the 5-classification detection technique sfcube 3D analysis technique, can help to significantly improve the efficiency of detection of special projects, including infant cells, abnormally fine screening, diagnosis of infection indicators for malaria parasites, etc.: the other is full autosc-120.
The chromosome, sc-120, which innovatively uses blood viscosity as a reference indicator for the rules of push, does not rely on the results of the blood cell analyser, reduces the cost of use, standardizes and automates pushers, saves time and improves efficiency.
Diagram 33: sfcube 3D analysis technique Chart 32: Too good Cal 8000 blood fluid analysis flow line f-fluoresceence fluorescent (side-to-light detection of nucleotide content in cells)
Cube Cube (multi-dimensional analysis technology consisting of scattering and fluorescent signals) The bc-6800 blood cell analyser and bc-6900 blood fluid I, which were used in the super-cal 8,000, fully matched or even partially exceeded the xe-5,000 of Heisenmekon in several working parameters of routine blood testing.
At the same time, the overall flow line is comparable in multiple dimensions to the xn series of analysis of the flow line. It marks the transformation of Merrillian into a strong participant in the global blood-testing market.
Unlike other blood testing projects, transnational brands still have a clear advantage in this area, with a market share of about 90%. Domestic equipment still has a certain disadvantage in terms of automation, multi-channels, diversity of detection indicators, and the principles of testing. Companies have also increased their investment in the condensation business and introduced a large number of funds.
Machine type, with the most recent introduction of the exc 810 full autocdensation analyser, with a combined speed of up to 75 samples/hours, has reached market advanced levels for single machine combined detection efficiency.
1.2.5 Immuno-diagnostics: low levels of national production in the field of chemical light, low penetration of the market at the grass-roots level Chemical photo-immunisation analysis is currently the dominant technique in immuno-diagnostics and is widely applied to tumour markers, infectious diseases, endocrine functions, hormones, etc. The advantages are quantitative analysis, high sensitivity and high specificity.
At present, the chemical lighting market is growing rapidly in the country and is expected to grow by more than 20%. At most level III hospitals in the country, chemical light has replaced enzyme immunisation. Tests cover tumor signs, heart signs, thyroid energy, insulin, sugar.
urinary diseases, infectious diseases, cell factors, hormones, allergies, and drug concentration monitoring, among others. Traditional methods, such as enzyme immunisation, continue to dominate the main market in the country’s whole-body medical institutions, with lower penetration rates in the chemical light market, probably due to higher prices for chemical light equipment and equipment.
Although chemical light has grown rapidly in the domestic immunization testing market because of its detection advantages, there is still a clear gap between the level of developed countries. Transnational brands now dominate the market in the field of chemical lighting and have clear advantages in terms of market share and technical equipment. As of 2018, multinational brands were in the domestic chemical light market.
In chemical luminous equipment: Miri’s automatic chemical luminous instrument was marketed in 2012. The company followed industry’s trend rapidly, with chemical luminous luminescence. At present, the company has 4 fully automated chemical luminescence immunizations.
Analyzers, of which cl-6000 is the company's latest high-end analytical device. The device is designed using smart modules to break through product bottlenecks, with single detection speeds of up to 480t/h. It can also be integrated with the company's biochemical detection equipment cascades into biochemical fluids, providing a wider range of detection coverage and speeds that fully reflect the company's presence in high-end markets.
In the third selection of good domestically produced medical equipment, in 2016, four models of the company’s chemical luminous immunology analyser chart 39: cl-6000i fully automated chemical luminous immune system
At the end of the chemical release reagent: the company did not initially have a wider package of chemical reagents. At the beginning of 2015, the department had only 27 emitters, but by the end of 2017 the company had 64 reagents.
A chemical luminous reagent package, with more than 70 chemical luminous reagents, covers a number of key areas, such as myocardial signs, diabetes, infectious diseases, battles, sex hormones, tumours, etc. More importantly, corporate sales of chemical luminous reagents were rapid, with compound growth exceeding growth rates in 2015-2017
100 per cent, representing the percentage of sales of corporate-wide external diagnostic reagents, continues to rise, leading to an increase in reagent end Māori. 1.2.6 Fluid cytometer operations: high application potential, company technology accumulation to stay ahead of the lead, in addition to immuno-diagnostics, biochemical diagnostics, etc., the company developed a flow-cell detection device and its reality autonomously in 2013.
The current fluid cell detection method “has won the Chinese patent gold prize, achieved a zero breakthrough in the medical equipment industry on the Chinese patent award, and moved into the field of fluid cell diagnosis through bricee6. The device has a double laser four-colour, double laser five-colour, and double laser six-colour configuration.
But the role of current cytology in paediatrics, swollen, and tumors is increasingly being emphasized and reflected in a number of expert consensus and clinical guidelines. We believe that the company’s introduction of current cytometers is an important step in its technological accumulation, although the company is currently doing business.
The focus is in the field of chemical luminum, but as a small number of companies in the country that have fluid cell technology, they will be able to pre-empt future competition. In the field of immuno-diagnostics, especially chemical luminous, the company’s technology has been gradually upgraded, and there is already a huge market.
Competitive equipment and reagent packages have quickly contributed to the company’s sales earnings. And biochemical testing, blood testing, the market has always been the company’s dominant market.
Moreover, firms have a pioneering technological build-up in high-end technology markets. Taken together, firms are expected to maintain their current high growth in in vitro diagnostics and maintain their market competitiveness.
1.3.1 Background to the medical imaging industry: market penetration is high, national production is replaced by the current dominant melody. In the current global ultrasound market, large European-American factories dominate high-end markets, while Japanese-Korean products dominate middle-end markets, while a large number of domestic firms supply low-end ultrasound markets.
Breaking the international monopoly on large factories by introducing a large number of high-end, high-end medical ultrasound devices, of which Murray is a member, was still partially dependent on imports in the country’s ultrasound markets in the past, especially high-end ultrasound markets, where the volume of equipment imports and unit prices continued to rise. This was due to the lack of high-end national product plates in the past: on the other hand, there were many doctors.
The Court has a superstitious attitude toward import brands and a natural resistance to national brands. But with high-yielding ultrasounds gradually entering the market, recognized technical and clinical stability, and a policy bias, we believe that this preference for import brands will gradually improve, with a bottom-up step-by-step process.
Figure 45: Global ultrasound market branding patterns at the end of the hospital: ultrasound clinical applications are dominated by color ultrasound, with higher incomes and higher purchasing power for equipment than primary health-care institutions.
Higher, but also more accurate, diagnosis of the disease by doctors. Thus, the level 2 and above hospital has been largely replaced by black and white. There are also significant differences in the need for ultrasound in the different levels of hospitals: for level 3 hospitals, especially level A hospitals, it is usually more than merely clinical tasks.
So the general hospital is more demanding on equipment and usually requires state-of-the-art equipment to meet the needs of teaching, scientific research, and complex clinical diagnosis. Therefore, the degree of substitution of national production is very low: for ordinary level II, level I or specialized hospitals, the burden of treating common diseases is much greater, and therefore for "brands"
The country’s product plates will be replaced even more in this part of the hospital, in addition to the policy requirements of a graded clinic. While import ultrasound still accounts for the main market sales, the national production hypersound is speeding up. In 2015, the number of sales of the country’s top colours is already outnumbered.
Import brands have passed, but sales are still small, reflecting a relatively limited penetration of the national colour over the high-end ultrasound. As policy advances and national equipment performance improves, the process of substitution at the end of the hospital will become figure 49: The pattern of domestic sales over the year 2015
Figure 50: Pattern of the country ' s premium sales in 2015 at the level of primary health-care institutions: the purchase of equipment in primary health-care institutions is largely supported by the policy of classification and financial support.
In terms of financial support, primary health-care institutions rely only on the general non-payment of health-care income, and the balance of gains and losses depends mainly on financial support. For primary health-care institutions, the main products purchased will be medium- and low-end or high-end black and white. In this area, the price advantage of national production will be decisive.
As a result, the vacancies and upgrades in the grass-roots supermarket equipment will depend on the national product plate. 1.3.2 The company ' s ultrasound equipment is rich, breaking technical bottlenecks into high-end markets, its ultrasound equipment is wide-ranging and meets the needs of various levels and types of health-care institutions.
The company launched its first digital black and white ultrasound as early as 2001, marking the company’s official entry into the medical ultrasound market. The company then expanded rapidly in the ultrasound area, followed by the launch of the dc-3a portable and medium-end generic colour super-distribution from the Guangdong Patent Gold Award and the Guangdong Science and Technology Award.
To achieve the industry’s leading domain imaging technology and build a high-end resona series of product labels based on this technology, the company is aiming to successfully enter the high-end coloured superspace. At present, the company has multiple levels and forms of ultrasound equipment ranging from low-end to high-end, portable to desktop, general-level to specialist.
Medium- and high-end supermarket expansion. Chart 52: Multi-series multi-layered ultrasound application coverage based on field imaging technology and autonomous R & D. Companies developed a zst+ field light platform that broke through traditional ultrasound beams
Synthesis limits in imaging space between resolution and temporal resolution are a transformative development for ultrasound imaging technology, achieving three major innovations for ultrasound: domain scanning, global dynamic focus, and holographic domain technology. This represents a new development in the area of ultrasound imaging in the future. In April 2019, the company mounted the zst+ field light platform resona 7-pp.
Ultrasound received the second Shenzhen Global Design Award for Industrial Design, which was also the only gold-winning doctor.
Sex imaging, vector blood flow technology, acoustic correction technology, launching continuous focus technology, etc., and applying advanced technology to the company's series of products, especially the company's high-end resona7 GP and resona8 gynaecology super, combined with the world-wide advanced field imaging technology platform, were well received globally.
The Wave Flexibility Imaging Critical Technologies and Applications project was awarded the second prize for National Technology Inventories in 2017: In 2019, the Ministry of Science and Technology, as lead agency, undertook two priority research and development programmes for the Ministry of Science and Technology: Multifunctional Dynamic Real-Time Three-D Ultrasound Imaging System, New Multiparameter Eye Ultrasound Imaging System. In the field of medical imaging, companies have moved from the world to advanced technology.
The world’s technology is transformed by horizontal followers. The company’s international market share of ultrasound has also been rising steadily, with 19 of the top 20 teaching hospitals in the United States using the company’s coloured superstitious equipment.
Figure 56: Breast swelling under resona7 cut wave imaging 1.3.3 Ultrasound specialist application becomes a new point of growth, and Rosena8 is expected to bring about an increase in the high-end market.
With the current system of health care in Europe and the United States, it is easy to see that specialist ultrasound is an unstoppable trend. With the liberalization and encouragement of national policy, the development of specialized hospitals has also increased, and by 2018 the number of specialized hospitals in the country had reached 7,900, making up all the doctors.
There are 807 maternity hospitals with the highest demand for gynaecology ultrasound.
A series of intelligent applications, including fetal brain automagnification navigation, fetal facial navigation, fetal heart, automural navigation, supersound of the smart basin, sharp-eye technology, etc., were carried by the resona 8 female specialist colours, relying on the Department of Unions Advanced Technology Platform and the association of leading experts in the industry, and the company developed smart applications, smartplanes, smart, smart, etc.
These functions, such as pelvic, have effectively reduced the length and efficiency of fetal brain tests and female pelvises. In addition, the Ferreresona8 tubal imaging technology has enabled 2d, 3d, and 4d imaging, helping gynaecologists to understand the fluidity of the patient ' s tubes, their fluidity, and uterine cavity patterns.
Accurate diagnosis. As the only high-end specialist ultrasound of a national product, it will effectively meet the demand of specialized hospitals and some high-level general hospitals for the replacement of ultrasound equipment at the national level.
Figure 60: High demand for grass-roots ultrasound market expansion in obstetrical volume navigation 1.3.4 has the potential to significantly increase the market share of companies Ultrasound examinations due to no radiation damage, higher clinical diagnostic value, smaller size of equipment, relatively low cost of equipment, etc.
As a result, ultrasound services in primary health-care facilities can affect the overall capacity of primary health-care institutions. The country's primary level of ultrasound services and equipment maintenance is urgently needed.
Upgraded. In 2019, according to a survey of ultrasound equipment and personnel in 78 primary health-care establishments in Beijing, only 30 of 78 primary health-care facilities had ultrasound services, while the total number of ultrasound devices was 36, which accounted for nearly 30 per cent of the equipment used for more than 10 years; ultrasound practitioners out of a total of 37, including ultrasound professionals
There are 11 practitioners, or 29.73%. As a front-line city in Beijing, there is still a need to strengthen the grass-roots ultrasound service, and we have reason to assume that there is still a lot of room for improvement in the number of ultrasound equipments and doctors at the grass-roots level.
Hospital ultrasound equipment is still less than 100% of level I hospital ultrasounds, compared to basic import ultrasounds, which have been levelled off in terms of equipment stability, safety, and reliability. And clinical applications are fully functional to meet the need for ultrasound diagnosis of common clinical and multiple cases, as they have passed through.
The economic advantage is that its operating costs (acquisition costs, operating costs, maintenance costs, etc.) are lower, especially for primary health-care establishments. There is a consensus to increase the rate of national production of premium equipment for primary health care to promote the use of domestically produced medical devices and to step up the capacity of primary health-care services.
In the main entry area of the national product plate - the grass-roots medical ultrasound market - the market is now more competitive, with multiple manufacturers, including cross-country brands, competing for major shares, leading to a relatively low concentration of the grass-roots ultrasound market. In 2017, the company ' s grass-roots ultrasound share was 15.9%, second only to the general electricity. In Liaoning, the company level hospital market share is lower.
It is 27.8%, well above transnational brands and other national brands. The concentration of the level-II and level-III hospital markets shows that the main multinational brands, General Electric, Philips, each have more than 30% coverage, mainly because of transnational brands, their pre-eminence and some of their technological advantages.
At the Liaoning level of the hospital market, Meri City has a 27.8% share, further reinforcing our judgement that the company’s market share can continue to rise to 30%.
On the black and white ultrasound, we believe that companies do not ignore the common b supermarket, but rather have introduced a number of super-high-end black and white machines based on the weak, weak and poor purchasing power of the country’s grass-roots health services, which, while price-competitive, have enhanced the b overloaded platform and video technology, giving the product considerable technical advantage in the grass-roots market.
Figure 64: Ultrasound market patterns of 2018 level III hospitals Figure 65: Market patterns of Liaoning provincial level hospitals, such as the company dp-7t full digital ultrasound diagnostic system, which uses broadband frequency migration techniques based on close proximity to primary health care
The technique provides a much better resolution of the details; the iclear spot noise inhibition allows for the development of different structural information separately, with corresponding noise inhibition and increased edges. The removal of noise interference increases the edge and detail of the stove; the system for the management of data on the intelligence patient, which can store over 100,000 ultrasound maps; and the automatic detection of the intravascular membrane in the imt.
The introduction of the dp-7t high-performance ultrasound platform and the application of high-end imaging technology provide the basis for obtaining excellent ultrasound image quality, allowing dp-7t ultrasound images to be compared in spatial resolution.
The company has strengthened its industrial design in terms of portability, accessibility, and overall improvement in image clarity and comprehensiveness, leading to a closer approach to the grass-roots level.
Doctors need to benefit a wider range of primary-level patients. For example, the company ' s z5 portable coloured Doppler diagnostic system, based on the same high-end b super-technology, has added the iskapeview real-time wide-view image, zoom intelligence key, real-time full-screen magnification, etc.
Cars to accommodate different sections and clinical applications. Chart 68: z5 Portable Colored Doppler Diagnosis System Figure 69: Multidisciplinary Clinical Clinical Needs
Other areas: In addition to the three product areas, the company is actively developing microsurgery operations, which currently include surgical cosmography systems, cold light sources, gas abdominal machines, optical endoscopic mirrors, microscopic surgical devices and surgical consumables.
A large incision of surgery can now be built through the natural cavity of the human body or a micro-slitch of the physical surface to complete the treatment of pathologies with endoscopes and hand tools in order to significantly accelerate the patient's recovery process and shorten the stay in the hospital. The endoscope is also divided into hard endoscopics and soft endoscopics, which are easily operated.
Our domestic market for viewers is large, growing rapidly, with a compound growth rate of 24.1% between 2010 and 2015, but our small-scale business started late, with a lack of accumulation in equipment production and upstream and downstream technology. Markets are largely monopolized by multinational brands.
So many medical equipment companies have opted out in this area. But in recent years, such national companies as Murray Medical have been working hard in the field of microtechnics to catch up with international advances. Since 2012, companies have started testing water micro-innovations through mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, etc.
In 2016, the company launched its first series of high-altitude abdominal mirrors, and in 2019 it approved the change to hard-formed optical chest anccelerometers, mainly for observational imaging in chest and abdominal microscopic surgery.
Two times as much optical combustible, without damage to tissue images that exhibit twice as much optical magnification, and after a comflection, the focus is not scalded to meet the needs of the doctor for closer and clearer observation of the area of surgery. At the same time, the endoscope system is equipped with a high-altitude, non-obstetrical peritoneal mirror optical tube. hd3 is mainly oriented towards the medium and high-end market.
In addition to the high-level endoscope system, the company is also active in the area of microscopic surgery, using high-precision head clamps.
Designed, hand handle design compatible with human engineering, and a wider range of clamp options to meet multiple surgical needs and reduce the sense of fatigue caused by the extended operation of doctors.
The market for endoscopics is currently dominated by multinational companies, and there is much room for national production to replace them. But the scale of sales of these mirrors and hand tools is not yet equalized. The accumulation and refinement of technology also requires input and time. As one of the first companies to work on the mirrors and instruments, Murray will rely on the company’s other lines of operation.
Continuing to develop products in the scavengers and other areas, providing a good basis for subsequent sales growth points. Life information and support: companies, as custodians and industry leaders in related areas, will benefit more from growth in the guardianship sector as the overall market penetration rises, so sales revenue growth is expected to continue in 2020 and 2021
In vitro diagnosis: the number of competitors in the field of in vitro diagnosis is high, while there are significant differences in market patterns, market size, etc. in the market for basic and medium-end technologies, taking into account the technological dimension of the company and the excellent medical images of the product coverage: therefore, the lack of human capacity-building at the grass-roots level will have a greater impact on the acquisition of ultrasound equipment, plus a foundation.
There is a relative lack of funds for acquisition, which makes it relatively difficult to expand at the grass-roots level. But breakthroughs in high-end areas are expected to keep the Division at the forefront of the industry, achieving rapid growth and maintaining an “upscaling” rating.