On the 29th of September 2021, the company announced that it would divide the technology and strengthen its sustainable competitive advantage.
On the evening of September 27th, 2021, the company released "Approximation Public Technology on Planning the Marketing of Holdings."
(a) Total equity (millions): Wieswich is a market value that focuses on machine visualization, industrial mobile robotic products and solutions development, production, circulation (millions):
High-tech companies, driven by technological innovation, help clients build digital workshops, build smart factories, upgrade intelligent manufacturing, and promote the digitalization of artificial intelligence in industries and industrial connectivity.
It has been successfully applied to logistics, 3c manufacturing, photovoltaics, lithium electricity, textiles, etc. It has helped to strengthen the company’s machines’ visual capabilities, and it is compatible with the company’s innovative business layout.
In the first half of 2021, corporate innovation continued its upward trend, generating revenues of $1,197 million, or 94.25 per cent more. High-end smart equipment, such as machine vision, industrial mobile robots, was one of the innovations in the corporate focus.
This segmenting of the market will further enhance the multi-channel financing capacity and branding effect, creating a sustainable competitive advantage through enhanced resource integration and product R&D capabilities, making full use of capital markets.
"Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation (002236.sz) in 2021 and a half, with market development opportunities in the direction of promoting intelligent manufacturing and continuing innovation with deep manufacturing convergence.
Models, layouts, and penetration of more industries contribute to the digitalization and intellectual upgrading of manufacturing.
The Chinese market has become a global growth in machine visual size. One of the fastest markets in the first quarter: rapid growth in harvests, high-quality growth without worries. According to the Chinese Union of Machine Visual Industries, the sale of machine visuals in China.
The sales rose from $10.180 billion in 2018 to $14.42 billion in 2020, and the cagr reached rapid growth.
With the scale of technology such as one, video capability has been extended to a wide range of industries, and the potential for the use of video technology has been reduced to a wide range of applications.
In the past five years, Chen Tunan's pe has been operating mainly between 13 and 33 times and is expected to return to net profit in the next three years. There have been repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia; progress in working with China's mobile strategy has been less than expected; and the need for digital transformation of enterprises has been reduced.
Unexpected: Unexpected growth of overseas markets: Unexpected growth of innovative business: Market competition plus p-band author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of portfolio investment advice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association over the past five years, with diligent professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.