The company issued its semi-annual report for 2021, with 21H1 generating business income of $13.505 billion, an increase of 37.27 per cent over the same period, and q2 generating operating income of $8.391 billion during the first quarter, an increase of 32.41 per cent over the same period.
In addition to the impact of $155 million in net return and calibre growth of 36.11 per cent, which is largely in line with income growth, the company first disclosed its revenue from software operations, achieving $551 million in software revenues in the first half of the year, compared with the overall positive performance of the company in the first half of the year, the rapid increase in revenue from software operations and the continuous expansion of b-side operations.
At this point in time, we continue to appreciate the ability of the company to build and project the software platform under its power.
In terms of revenue splitting, the company ' s domestic business generated $7,777 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 45.09 per cent in the same year. We believe that the company has gradually moved from the video security industry to the intelligence industry.
In software business, 21h1 first disclosed the caliber of the software. 21h1 realized that the revenue from the software was 41.42% higher than the company’s combined Māori rate. In our view, the high Māori software business consists mainly of the public.
The Division’s basic software platform for various industries and its saas-based applications, represented by Clouds. The rapid growth of soft business reflects, on the one hand, the transformation of companies from selling hardware products to a flexible, hard industry solution, and, on the other hand, the company’s ongoing investment in organizational restructuring and software development.
We believe that this is an important turning point for corporate development, and that future companies will build on the capacity-building of the software platform and a soft, hard and integrated solution to move to a trillion-dollar blue sea of digitalization, opening up a new round of growth curves.
In the area of innovation, 21h1 achieved revenues of $1,197 million in innovative business, an increase of 94.25 per cent over the previous year.
The company now has, inter alia, machine vision, video collaboration, intelligent home, smart fire, intellectual storage, come on, video conglomerate to revalue, car electronics, smart drones, smart security, smart control, and smart control.
“Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ Computer Industry _ Accumulation of Deep Industries, Powerful Technology Bottom and Comprehensive Insight of Customer Needs, Evaluation Report _ China Shares: Recovering the Year's Revenues”
Disaggregated industry's in-depth understanding, company machine visualization, visual collaboration and intelligent housekeeping. Rapid growth, revalued in due time. Exhibition 2021-03-01, provides a new impetus for high-quality development of companies on a continuous and high-speed basis.
3. “Extension of existing products, technologies and channels in the computer industry, with a view to building a solid bottom line for medium- and long-term growth in the company”
At present, Innovative Business Continuity 2021-03-25 • Adhering to high-quality development, fine-down management, good cost control The company's strategy for sustained high-quality development in recent years, and a number of fine-tuning management initiatives in the field.
Each year, companies boosted their financial and IT inputs to upgrade their business digital management; they deepened their talent mechanisms and developed diversified business incentive-oriented mechanisms to sustain their talent dynamism.The Māori ratio is 41.42%, or 1.05pt, of which q2 is higher than 19H1.
• The software platform is being built faster, and the scene is gradually expanding.
The company's R & D system is based on five of its top-down research institutes, building up two major research teams on software and hardware, supporting a client-oriented industry solutions team to build a three-tier R & D system. We believe that software platforms play an important role in this.
The development of basic software platforms, the construction of an intelligentness combined operating system for the Pan-Pulse industry, and the creation of a “one system two platforms” technology base for cities and enterprises have resulted in a rapid upgrading of the overall architecture and software openness.
1) The software R & D system of "One System Two Platforms" is evolving: the company's software development revolves around "One System Two Platforms". The "one System" is the construction of a bottom-level unified software platform, which allows for bottom-level architecture, protocol harmonization, and the efficient recovery of business modules.
Building, reducing development costs, increasing product availability, and ensuring rapid hatching of baseline products. The "two platforms" are software platforms for the city and industry levels, with bottom-up and industry-based platforms developed around Paas+daas.
vsaas+saas, which form a software solution for a thousand-way industry. 2) "Cyclops" achieves a lightweight software program for public cloud deployments. The company's software platform offers complete industry- and city-oriented solutions, and actively explores lightweight sex, represented by "Cyclops."
On the basis of this, the company has built a six-large saas application line for intelligent education, intelligent communities, intelligent chains, intelligent agriculture, intelligent agriculture, intelligence.
Logistics, smart sites, etc. provide a holistic and inclusive solution. The landscape is gradually expanding: the company is already working in the fields of smart public security, smart traffic, smart parks, smart energy, intelligent farming, smart water, smart finance, intelligent manufacturing, intelligent logistics.
We believe that corporate landscape solutions have been limited to the use of video visual and visual data for analysis, but have integrated visual, temperature, smoke and other sensors to achieve them.
At this point, we believe that the company’s valuation does not reflect what we see as a person.
The future value is expected to be re-evaluated by the software platform and landscape capabilities of FSPs. 1) The spread of the epidemic, both within and outside the country, limited business activity and demand for orders, are expected; 2) Trade frictions between Central America and the United States persist and supply chain stability and continuity are affected.
Contact person: Zhao Yang, Master of Science from Xiamen University, eight years of work experience, worked in Ni, Keysight, 5g, and smart networked cars. Contact person: Shakyu, Applied Mathematics at the University, five years of financial experience, worked in the self-employed and foreign securities research sector.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.