Grown-up has been market-tested, and innovation has increased significantly in the global security market second, accelerating the evolution of platform-based, eco-based enterprises. Companies are the leading global provider of video-intellectual solutions construction and operators, 2018-
For the third year in a row, the "A&s 50 World Security" list in 2020 ranked second globally, and the "Omdia 2020" market for smart video surveillance ranked second. In recent years, a technological open system based on new technologies has been built up to expand the entire chain of events.
Innovative business such as senses, robotics, video collaboration, smart drones, smart fire fighting, car technology, intellectual storage, intelligence security, intellectual control, intelligence control, etc. Companies continue to invest in science and technology research and development and are committed to bringing safety, intelligence to cities, businesses, individual clients around the world.
The digital experience is accelerating the evolution of platform-based, eco-based enterprises. Growth is proven, innovation is clearly enhanced, and the global market is firmly in place.
The negative situation has increased, and many R & D strategies have ensured the orderly replacement of products and the basic stability of the supply chain, including through increased availability, enhanced strategic cooperation among suppliers.
During the period, 32.62%; firm growth in business performance over the adverse effects of the epidemic and higher prices of raw materials.
Dimensions: 2,181 million yuan (+10.79 per cent) in the domestic tog sector and 45.09 per cent in the domestic tob sector. We believe that the company ' s performance has been severely tested by adverse factors such as the epidemic, tight supply chains, rising raw materials prices and the stability of sustained growth.
The software business has grown nearly twice as fast as the main business, and the innovation business has grown nearly twice as fast, indicating that the soft power of the company is growing rapidly, and that the STI capacity is increasing effectively. Tob is growing much faster than the tog.
Business-side market demand is strong. Offshore operations are moving closer and faster than domestic operations, more balanced collection structures, and more stable global markets.
There has been a steady increase in profitability, with a high degree of certainty about the rapid growth of annual revenues. The company’s supply chain tension, the rise in raw materials, has increased steadily this year. The company’s combined cost rate of 29.15%, a decrease of 5.93 pcts compared to the same period last year, continues to show good performance in cost control.
One billion yuan (+63.35%) guarantees a steady and rapid increase in annual revenues from both supply and sales ends. Net cash flows from operating activities - 871 million yuan (-714.67%) - mainly due to increased supply-chain readiness in a tight supply-chain situation - do not affect the long-term competitiveness of companies. From a financial analysis point of view, companies have a stronger control over the cost of their own operations, the cost of their own operations, and the cost of their expenses.
With a robust pre-epidemiological growth in profit capacity and resilience to adverse operating environments. Greater readiness, better contract and order acquisition, and greater certainty of rapid growth throughout the year.
Over 10 per cent, cumulative R & D investment since listing has amounted to $15.523 billion, continuing to strengthen innovative investment in cutting-edge technology such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data. 1) In the context of software infrastructure: the creation of the Smart Associates system for the Pan-Pulse Industry, creating a “one system, two platforms” technology base for cities and enterprises; and, at the same time, the continuous sedimentation of software operations modules.
(ii) In terms of cloud transformation, the cloud 6 Big saas should be built to provide a holistic solution to the wisdom mix of education, intelligent communities, intelligence chains, intelligent agriculture, intelligent logistics, intelligent sites. 3) In terms of open capacity-building: building open capacity from Paas to saas, and
In the recent past, companies have updated the generic goal-testing mission for mscoco (microsofcoco:commonobjectsintext) data concentration based on deep learning algorithms.
According to statistics, corporate smart business has moved deep into 13 industries, such as construction, education, manufacturing, petrochemicals, coal, iron and steel, agriculture, logistics, literature, medicine, finance, and commerce, and has helped to digitalize thousands of businesses.
On August 18, innovative companies with shares announced the completion of a new round of strategic financing (11.41% of the stock held prior to this round of prre-ipo financing). After multiple rounds of financing, the cumulative amount of financing for scavengers has exceeded $10 billion, with investment institutions including China Capital, China-Kinji Capital, Redwood Capital,
According to the plan, scooters or ipo applications will be submitted in the second half of the year, and are expected to be on the market by the end of 2021 or early 2022. According to the July sales data released by scoundrel, the number of orders reached 6540, a 59% increase in the ring;
New vehicle delivery of 4404, an increase of 666% over the same year, 12% over the ring; cumulative delivery of 28055 orders in January-July this year, ranked fourth in total sales among new car-making forces. Snacks are now, in terms of sales, the first camp of the new power of car-building, after idealization. We believe that company-breededed and innovative stock-shares have in fact risen rapidly, as evidenced by the fact that the company-created scavenger cars have risen rapidly.
Understanding the company’s capacity for innovation and technology also allows it to create synergies with scavengers, sharing the industrial dividends of the rapid growth of cars from the new energy source of smart grids. Investment proposals: We believe that the company’s growth has been market-tested, and that there is greater certainty about rapid growth throughout the year.
The rapid rise of scooter vehicles is evidence of both the company’s ability to innovate and technology, and may also bring new synergies to the company. Companies are forecast to collect $31,974 million, $37,758 million, and $44,414 million in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively.