China Handover (601,800): Small property load, 17 March 2022.
Under China’s economic goal of steady growth in 2022, China’s corporate capital has benefited a great deal. But the company in the market for China’s corporate capital is China’s leading transport infrastructure enterprise.
There are concerns about the impact of real estate operations, such as the impact on corporate refinancing, and we compare the central business areas with the properties of the foundation companies and the assets of the franchise, in a horizontal way, in order to arrive at China's hand-in-hand property.
Construction, capital design and dredging operations, with a small scope of operations, benefit from the conclusion that infrastructure is being dragged down under a stable growth policy. These include domestic and global ports, shipping lanes, blowing up of land,
Water basins, roads and bridges, railways, urban orbital transport, and financial difficulties in the real estate sector have an impact on the financial situation of China’s corporate capital.
Under the influence of the Red Line policy, the climate has continued to decline. In January-February 2022, there were negative increases in land acquisition, marketing, construction, operation and management, new start-up and completion rates, which fell by 42.3 per cent, 9.6 per cent and 9.6 per cent respectively.
High deposit and advance payments and individual mortgage loans also fell by 27 per cent and 16.9 per cent, compared to the same year. The real estate industry itself, which continues to have an unsettled cash flow, has a part of its real estate business, debt payments and cross-equity accounts:
The build-up cannot be refinanced in the form of increases and transhipments, and the financial situation will indeed be affected. China’s share of property-related assets is the smallest in China’s corporate capital.
The cost of producing and developing products and development is approximately $50,619 million, with an asset share of only 3.52 per cent, with the lowest and smallest share of assets compared to other capital flagship companies (for details of the property-related asset model and share of each capital flagship, see table 1 below the report).
A set of commercial and a second-tier joint development projects is a by-product of capital project construction and is easy to digest and strip away on a small scale. Real estate operations have less influence on corporate financing constraints and drag-backs than other corporate capital companies.
China’s concession assets are the largest of the capital leaders, with a high share, and a large scale of living finance. While companies are listed as housing-related companies, they are refinanced by the same companies as other capital leaders in China.
But if a company makes use of its own stock of assets, it can significantly improve its asset structure and cash flow, reduce the impact of housing-related finance restrictions on corporate development funds, secure the location of orders and optimize its asset structure.
In the first half of 2021, the size of the company ' s concession assets amounted to 233,262 million yuan, representing 16.21 per cent of the Bida assets, and the largest and second largest share of the company ' s capital leaders was in China ' s electricity (the size and share of the concession assets of each company ' s capital are detailed in schedule 2 of the report).
The new model of corporate asset recovery is brought about by the ease of liquidity and policy liberalization, which is represented by public fund-raising reits, and by the introduction of a more convenient exit path for investment-operating assets under China's “compulsory production” model, which enhances the attributes of corporate investment asset management and optimizes corporate assets.
In the first half of 2021, there were 42 such projects (see schedule 3 below for details).
The high-speed operating income from the construction of low-level Reits assets in China was 256 million yuan, or 6.8 per cent of the total, if these operating assets of the company were financed under the high-speed Reits (8,577 million)
By the same token, the size of the financing is expected to exceed $100 billion. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to be a net profit for its parent company in 2021-2023.
The growth has led to the withdrawal of stock assets, including concessions, the elasticity of assets, the value enhancement brought about by the asset management attributes, and the maintenance of the company’s “strongly recommended” rating.
Table 3: In the first half of the year 2021, China's concession entered into operation.
East Hing Securities Corporation, China Exchange (601800): Small property holdings, concession of assets, large living space, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, China, China (601,800): Small estates, large spaces for the concession of assets, and the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
If you do not have the right to pay your salary, you will not have the right to pay your salary.
We've tried to report objective and fair information, but the points of view and conclusions in the paper are very simple.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.