R. U.S. Bank of Commerce and Industry (601398): Three-quarterly performance improvement in 2017, with increased coverage expected to open up profits.
Martinine, the growth of profits has been increasing at a seasonal rate, and the net difference has been rising again. The growth of profits has been increasing at a seasonal rate, q3 single seasons, with profits increasing by 8.99% from the previous three quarters.
8.09 per cent higher than the net profit increase for the parent is due mainly to the increased level of provisioning (a total of 89,616 million in the previous three quarters compared to approximately 25.7 billion in the same period last year). q3 achieved a net return profit of 75,044 million in the same quarter, an increase of 3.35 per cent in the same period; pre-repreparation profits increased by 8.99 per cent and operating profits increased by 8.99 per cent.
q3 Q3 shows an increase in operating income of 8.44% on a year-on-year basis. The growth in size and the recovery of interest differentials drive interest net income of 13.8% on a year-on-year basis; the decline of 3.31% in fees and commissions, or a decrease in income in the category of insurance for sale, settlement, investment, etc., compared with the decline of 3.28pc on a smaller q2 basis.
The difference continues to rise. The first three quarters saw a 2.17 per cent difference in net interest, an increase of 1 bp over the first half of the year, and a two-quarter recovery.
▪ Loan end retail growth is faster, end end-of-debt deposits are higher and better structured. Asset end: loan stability is increasing steadily, and the share of current deposits continues to rise: 1933 trillion at the end of September, an increase of some 3085 million compared to June; 81.68%, core liabilities are stable and structured; and life term deposits are still optimized.
▪ The quality of assets continues to improve, and the provision is expected to increase to more than 150% of the regulatory line.
Good operations, significant changes in the quality of assets, high levels of loss. A total of 89,616 million was raised in the previous three quarters, up from 25,710 million in the same period last year.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: business and industry banks operate robustly, profit growth is increasing on a seasonal basis, net interest spreads are on a rebound trend; deposit sizes are steadily increasing and demand deposit ratios continue to rise, and core liabilities are stable; with asset quality indicators moving better, future profits are increasing at a higher rate as provisioned coverage indicators rise
Figure 5: Loan structure of business banks Figure 6: Structure of bank deposits in business and industry Figure 7: Quality of assets of business and industry banks
Figure 8: Capital adequacy of business and industry banks