Mid-2024: R & D and depreciation pressure profits, rapid growth of radio frequency module operations and a slight decline in profitability. In 2024, H1 received 2.3 billion yuan (year-on-year + 37 per cent), resulting in a net profit of 350 million yuan (year-on-year - 3 per cent).
In the overall recovery of Andre's mobile chain market, the drop in the q2 income ring in 2024 began mainly in 2023 q3, where the mobile phone industry was strong, where the water stock was high, and this year, where stocks began to move, the ring is now stable compared to the Māori rate, the industry is starting to stabilize, and profits are falling.
Mainly due to plant depreciation and significant increases in R & D costs (94% increase in R & D inputs on the same date), leading companies in the radio frequency industry, i-Pamid products have been certified by clients. Companies are integrated into the country.
At the same time, the company took the lead in using the Fab-lite model to break the market monopoly of the international headlines by building its own high-end filter production line. The company produced its own max for the 6-inch filter crystalline production line.
Saw's l-pamid products are constantly being optimized and validated by some branded customers. As companies enrich product models and import customer orders, they are expected to create a huge growth space for high-end products.
The product matrix is gradually enriched and the core technical barriers are enhanced. The company's 6-inch filter crystal circle is now basically covering low-, medium- and high-end whole-type product patterns, fully meeting customer diversity needs. The integration of home-grown filter products such as difem, l-difem, gps, etc. has been successful.
Import a multi-brand customer supply chain and keep it running. 12 inches of the iipd platform is officially in the rules.
Assessment: Consumer electronic recovery, with a high percentage of cost-control surpluses. Through continuous refinement of product layout, the company’s product application is moving from smartphones to broader market areas such as telecommunications stations, car electronics, bluetooth headphones, etc.
The company is the first public company in the country to achieve self-control over the radio frequency (RF) chain.
The Division, as a result of the continuous depreciation of the company's R & D inputs and production lines, returns to the company in 2024-2025 to billions of dollars, and with the recovery of the entire Andre industrial chain and the pull of aiphone on the industry's switch cycle, profitability will increase significantly, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Three major financial forecasting tables, Cheuk Sheng Wei Wei, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.