On 29 August, the company disclosed its semi-annual report for 2024.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved business income of $2.285 billion, which is consistently higher than in the same period last year, and the core line of production is moving forward. The product of the company filter module is entering the harvest period, based on the sequenced mass production and unique processes of the semiconductor industry.
During the reporting period, companies stepped up market promotion for filter module products, gradually increasing the penetration and market share of high-performance products on brand clients, and the ratio of radio frequency module sales rose to 42.29 per cent, the highest rate ever, and continued to grow in the future.
Space. Firms are determined to build up competitiveness with unique processes, to build a resource platform, to redefine business structures, to develop multi-dimensional client strategies, and to create new incentives for future income growth.
The 6-inch production line filter is progressing well, and the power l-patid speeds up the customer's import.
At the end of the reporting period, the product series had been validated by some brand clients.
The research and development coverage of the products of the pamid will gradually enrich the product model, continuously layout the high-valued product matrix, and form a strategic closure of the product. The company will take advantage of the fast-tracking advantages of the resource platform, coupled with continuous optimization of the l-pamid product, to be more flexible and rapid.
In the future, the company will use this high-end product as a point of action, deep-farming to high-end applications, continuously raising brand influence and 12 inches of new product technology, and gradually importing the customer product.
The ipd platform has officially entered the scale production phase, and the use of self-produced ipd filters has reached a high level in products such as l-pamif and fem. The first generation of process production lines for the company ' s 12 inches of radio frequency switches and low noise amplifiers have been implemented, and
At the end of the reporting period, self-produced radio frequency switches had been achieved.
The product has been scaled up over the reporting period to cover a large number of brand customers and most of the odms, and is a strategic choice to ensure that companies are in a leading position in intense market competition.
Downside risks; risks of changes in the international political landscape; supply chain delivery risks; risks of inadequate human capacity and high-end brain drain; management risks associated with high-speed growth; risks of clandestine leaks in business; risks of decline in the Maori rate; risks of technological innovation; receivables return
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity and fairness, and the findings are not shared by other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.