I don't know what to say, maxscend(300782ch) revenuegrewwhillegpmdeteriorateddueto buy (Maintain)
Intensityandcapaitycamp-up maxscreened 1h24resources.revenuegrew 37% yoytormb2.3bromalow targetprice
Basein 1h23, trivenbycliants'restockingbehavior.gpmdeclinedto 42.1%, Down (previoustp rmb174.00)
6.9 ppfrom1h23. marginerosionwasmainlydueto1) anunfavorablerevenuemix towardshighermodulesales, 2) ranpupinfabproductionand3) indensified currentprice
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You know, 15% yooyin1.24, while you're in the middle of the night, you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the night, and you're in the middle of the day, and you're in the middle of the day, and you're in the middle of the day, you know, you know, you know, you know?
You've got 81% yoy. modulevenuecontractioncreased growfurtherby 37%-30% yoyin2024/25e, drivenbythemodulizationtrendin rffesector.weholdapositiveoutbookformaxscendwiththecompany's
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, lefttomarketsharegains. weseedmesticruffsuppliersareallfacingaspressuresfroma shareholdingstructure
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I've got a lot of work to do. I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know what you're talking about.
i. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company'sgrovethstoryaction, in ourview. itsfabrinationaliseswillserveasapillallarstoneslong-term development.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(b) analystcertification theresearcanalywhoiprimariryresponsibleforthecontentothesisresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certivesthatitect to the secritiesorisseser that theanalystcoveridhimsreport (1):alloftheviewsexpressedacuatelyrefletechorherpersonviewaboutthesubjectsecritiesorissuesauer; and (2)
No partifhisorhercompensationwas, is, orwillbe, directlydirected by the Hongkongsecritiesandfutures committee) (1) hasdealtinortradinethestock(s)coveredhisresearchreport
3Businessday after thedateofissuesueofthisreport; 3rd serveasan officeofofof the Konglistedcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and 4 (4) hasannyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistedcompaniescompetenthisreportsreport. & bigmatings
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform cm internationalglobalmarketslimited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oritsaffiliate(s) towhomitisdistried.thisreportisnotandsouldnotbeconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecurityornyinterestin securitiesorierintonytransactions.neithmignoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholds, agents, consuls, directors, officersoremployeshalbe lableforanyls, damageorexpensewhatsoever, whethretorconfential, incurredinrelyintinedinementist.anyone
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious. Asaresult, recipientsssoouldbeithatt & bigmmayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and & bigmwillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeculateotherof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofofintendciedcientsonlyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinted, sold, rededitiousorpubliedinwholeorinpartforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and bigm.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedforistritionintheunisolelyto "majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedinture15a-6undertheus, securitiesexhangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotbefurnishedtoanotherpersonsintheunidatestates.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestorvesivescopofthistireport byatsacceptanceherhereofrepresentsandagreathatitshotnottyrestiorprovidethistoantootherotherson.anyu.s.recipimentofthithisitoportworldviewactions.
effectanytransactiontobuyorsellsecuritiesbagontheinformationprovidedinthysportoulddosoonlythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcipientsofthisdocumentindicatingapore thisreportistribuddinginsaporebycmbi(singapore)pte.mited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173128d), anexemptfinancialadvisersdefined
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know, and certainsact (cap.289) ofsingapore, and bisgacceptslegalressionforthecontentsotheporttosuchpersonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.