I-patid has been certified by some brand clients, short-term profit under pressure, Shinko Halfconductor.
Millions of yuan (yoy+37.20%), net profit due to mother $354 million (yoy-3.32%), net income from radio frequency (RF) modules not returned to mother huhui2@guosen.com.cn increased by 81% in the first half of the year compared to 42% in the same year.
The annual RFID revenue was $1,266 million (Yoy+14.74%), or 55%, and the Māori rate fell by 6.4 pct to 43.25%; the RFM module earned $966 million (Yoy+81.41%), compared to the I-Pamid, a self-produced max-saw, certified by some brand customers.
The product class of the product line has been fully configured, with the capacity to produce the size of a split device, such as a maximum/lowest price waver, 52 weeks of double/four works, a single chip multi-frequency filter, and the integration of a self-produced filter into the difem, l-difem,
Products such as gps modules have been successfully imported into multiple brand clients and are continuously being released. Companies are continuously optimizing and elapsing the performance, process and technology of i-patid products integrated into max-saw, the product series have been validated by some brand clients, and the company ' s research and development coverage for l-patid products is gradually increasing.
The product model is enriched with a continuous layout of a high-value product matrix, forming a strategic product closure. 12-inch ipd platform is officially mass production, and 3d stacking is in the validation phase. The company 12-inch ipd platform is officially in volume production phase, and related modules, i-pamif, ifem, etc.
The proportion of self-produced ipd filters has reached a high level; the first-generation process production lines of 12 inches radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers have been implemented and entered the production phase in the second quarter of 2024, with capacity starting to climb continuously, with self-produced radio frequency switches delivering output volumes and covering multiple brand clients
At the same time, the company is building up advanced module technology to achieve better performance and area advantages through 3d stacking, and the product is already in the validation phase.
Investment proposals: RADIO front-end product platform-type enterprises, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating: Quantities in revenue (300782.sz) - three quarters, high-end filtering, due to weak recovery of mobile phone demand and increased investment in research and development, we downgraded the company 's net return from 2024-2026.
Quarterly income ring growth, self-builder filtration lines, maintenance of a “better than the city” rating.
The three-quarter increase in the Māori rate (300782.sz) - the filter project is progressing well. Figure 1: Corporate operating income and acceleration. Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits
Figure 5: Single-season income and rate of increase for companies Figure 6: Single-season net profit return and rate of increase for companies Figure 7: Māori rate of companies, changes in net interest rates
Figure 8: Corporate Major Rates Figure 9: Corporate Quarterly Māori Rate, Net Interest Rates Figure 10: Corporate Quarterly Rates
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject