Cheuk Seung-wee (30072); Hardly climbs the slope, l-patid has been certified by some brand clients Summary of events: Duk Sun-woo released its semi-annual report for 2024, 2024q2 achieved business income of $1,095 million, radio frequency model grouping steadily increased, pre-trigger depreciation was added to the competitive pressure of the partial segment of the market, Māori rates were short
In the context of Andre's market entry period, the company's second-quarter Māori ratio, while still within the Māori target range, has fallen in the same ring ratio, both as a result of increased competition in mature product markets and as a result of a sustained increase in the company's radio-frequency module collection in recent years, reaching 42.29 per cent in the first half of 2024, while the complexity of the module product has reached 42.29 per cent in the first half of 2024.
And the high cost of encapsulation has led to a Maori rate that is usually lower than that of separate devices, with 43.25% of the company ' s first half-year-old separateware and 40.71% of the module. In addition, the chip project is still in the construction phase, with higher depreciation in the prior period, and 2024 puts greater pressure on the company ' s profitability, but as the subsequent capacity utilization rises, it is expected that the advantage of scale will be highlighted, grossly.
Interest rates will return to higher water levels. Strengthened Fab-lite production patterns, 6 inches and 12 inches of line production can climb up the slope, and the proportion of products using home-grown filters has reached a high level, building up the resource platform mooring river.
It is now fully configured, with the capacity to produce the size of split devices such as double/four works, single chip multi-frequency filters, while products such as difem, l-difem, gps modules integrated into home-grown filters have been successfully imported into multiple brand clients and continue to play 1.
In the first half of the year, the company’s 6-inch filter crystalline has actually delivered more than 100,000 pieces since the steady scale production. With regard to radio frequency taps, self-controlled construction of a powerful inner core (2) 12-inch production line, the company’s 12-inch ipd platform has officially entered the scale production phase, i-patif, ifem
2.5g is driven by high speed at the front end of the radio frequency, and the use of self-produced ipd filters in relevant module products, such as domestic plants, has reached a high level. In addition, the company ' s 12 inches of radio frequency (RF) commercial product has been upgraded upwards - semiconductor rows
The first generation of process production lines closed and low-noise amplifiers has been implemented, and in the second quarter they have entered the production phase, where production can begin to climb continuously, and the existing self-produced radio frequency switches have produced a quantity of output, covering many brand clients and a large number of odm clients. At the same time, the company is building up advanced-end module technology, using 3d stacking material.
The L-Pamid module series has been validated by some brand clients to achieve national production of the supply chain and to build a high-end product autonomy. As a radio front end module, the most integrated and technically difficult bead product, the company l-patid
The module’s high-end filter max-saw, which is home-grown from the 6-inch filter crystalline production line, is leading the country’s product process. The module series has now been validated by some brand clients, corporate R & D covers the full frequency, and the phase7 and phase8 system architecture programmes are being synchronized, and it is expected that the city’s presence will continue to increase in the future, depending on autonomous control capabilities.
Investment recommendations: Profit forecasts maintain a “buy-in” rating. Companies are the first to have autonomous crystallines and supply chains in the country and produce nationally produced front-end radio-frequency companies that are expected to achieve mature products in the future, using legally compliant data information, cautiously draw conclusions, and produce the present report independently and objectively, as the scale of production increases.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.