We're going to introduce a skin-free anti-degenerative device that will further enrich the medically fine line.
Zhang Chang Hao issued an announcement stating that a Distribution Agreement was signed with jeisysmedicalinc. of Korea, which is responsible for the promotion, distribution, sale and related services in China (excluding Hong Kong and Ado Station) of two medical beauty treatment equipment and accessories under its flag, Density and Linearz.
Retailing points of view: 1) In recent years, with a rapid growth in the size of the industry of dermal photovoltaic medicine, which has the advantage of small traumas, shorter treatment times, and low risk. This is the first attempt by many consumers. According to medicalinsight, China’s market for American photovoltaics in 2022 was 35.674 billion yuan.
Companies share the growth dividend of PVM. 2) There is a risk of a reduction in the life cycle of a company’s monolithic products, while the abundance of tubes is to some extent resistant to the risks of competition in the market and enhances the overall competitiveness of firms. Emmett’s current focus on injecting medicine and beauty products, with the introduction of PVs helping to enrich product pipelines, enhance end brand awareness, and further strengthen integration.
Considering that the products of density and linearz still need to be clinically tested and registered for sale with the registration of the npa product, we maintain that the proposed introduction of the Korean skin-free anti-corrupt device and the enrichment of the product tubes, under this Distribution Agreement, Amour is responsible for the medical beauty treatments of jeisysmedicalinc. under the banner of density and linearz.
The agreement shall enter into force on the date of formal signature by the authorized representatives of the parties. The agreement shall be: 1) effective from the date of entry into force until the end of 10 years after the product has been approved for supervision, 2) Ameri-Americans shall be responsible for conducting the necessary clinical trials in China (excluding Hong Kong-O-Dai) and for organizing registrations in the distribution area, and 3)
The US has agreed to pay a down payment of $1 million, and has the right to choose to use it as a purchase price for a product after obtaining a Nmpa certificate of registration. From a partner’s background, jeisysmedicalinc. was established in 2001 as the main skin medical beauty equipment with product tubes in various fields, such as ultrasound, radio frequency, laser, and operating in more than 40 countries and territories in the US, China, Japan, and Europe.
Medical America has a high profile and a rich product pipeline, which is listed in Kosdaq, Korea, with a strong brand endorsement, a collection of about $88 million in 2022, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year, and a 48 per cent increase in the same year in 2021, which is still maintained under the effects of the global epidemic.
Single-level high frequency of subcutaneous fat and membrane layers, as well as double-level high frequency for surface and cortex layers. Linearz has also been marketed in Korea, with the advantage of mode and depth, precise treatment without skin layers and customised programmes for beauty seekers. Figure 1: Size of jeisysmedicalinc camp (millions of United States dollars, per cent)
Figure 2: Linearz medical beauty equipment, which, at the industry level, has grown rapidly in recent years, has the advantage of small traumas, shorter treatment times, and low risk. It is a first attempt by many consumers.
According to medicalinsight (quoted from new oxygen), China’s market for American PV was 35.674 billion yuan in 2022. In addition, the White Paper for American Industries, 2022, published by the New Oxygen Data Institute, showed that among the most popular / most sought-after PV projects in 2022, PV was ranked first, at 47.34%.
In general, through this collaboration with the jeisys company, Emmett introduced two pieces of skin-free anti-degenerative instruments in Korea, which are already in the commercial phase, into the country to enable domestic registration and commercialization to expand the company’s medical-American product pipeline and enrich the company’s medical-blog products.
The abundance of medically-made products is conducive to the size of the firm, and to the life cycle of a single enterprise, which reduces the risk, while the abundance of pipelines is to some extent resistant to the risks of competition in the market and enhances the enterprise’s overall competitiveness. In the medium and long term, there is still much room for longer-term penetration in the medical-American sector, and the advantages of leading firms with a trend towards compliance will be further highlighted.
The company will further strengthen R & D and the supply of high-quality compliance products, provide better access to end-of-pipe medical and aesthetic institutions, and further enrich the overall product pipeline after the introduction of the marketing of photovoltaics in the future, enhancing overall competitiveness. We maintain the company’s forecast of net return profits for 2023-2025 as less than anticipated for medical and American consumption; research products are not as fast as expected; and Density and Linearz products are not approved as expected in the Chinese market.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject