q3's performance slowed down, and expected new stock - Emerika's three-quarters review in 2023, and q3's income profits slowed down.
23q1-q3 achieved operating income of 2,170 million yuan, an increase of 45.71 per cent in the same year, a net return of 1,418 million yuan, an increase of 43.74 per cent in the same year, an increase of 1,396 million yuan in non-repatriation net profit, and an increase in the production of new and living angels at the market stage, waiting for a two-life matrix to be released.
Both corporate solutions and gel injection products have completed the construction of a large monolithic series, supported by technology, to form a differentiated product route. During the day, the safety and effectiveness of the product has been fully recognized by downstream medical institutions and end-users.
The product is still in the market stage, and it is hoped that the high number of gel-based products will continue to be driven by the accumulation of good slogans and marketing channels, with the help of the daytime SMS Research-Emerica 2023 (300896).
The company's research product includes the modifier of polyethylene gel microballs used for the treatment of the backstretch.
"Study of the dollar securities company -- performance reported by Emmett (300896), sodium sulphate gels, a type of botulinum toxin used to remove dynamic wrinkles, and a first prognostic evaluation for soft tissue upgrading: q2 with high profit growth, new stuff like a living angel is worth looking forward to."
Second-generation facial implants, smigrupus injections for chronic weight management, etc., of which botulinum products have completed three stages of clinical work, Lilalupi has completed one phase of clinical work, deoxychotic fluids, transparent cytological enzymes, and smigrupon injections are in preclinical stages. The company cuts in through the acquisition of Picchilon, Harbin.
In the field of animal gel proteins, currently in the pre-clinical phase of the GMP research and development project, the relevant research and development production base is expected to be operational by December 2025. The company is one of the top manufacturers in the country’s medical and America upstream, and the differential product matrix fully benefits from the industry dividend.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.