Q3: q3 slowed down due to external environment + internal sector adjustment and q4 reduced pressure to meet year-round targets Events: 3-quarter company reports 2023: q1-q3 achieved revenue of $2.17 billion in 2023
/youy+45.71%, net profit on maternity amounted to 1,418 million yuan/youy+43.74%, net profit on non-mortality amounted to 17.58% increase on the same date in Camp Emmes q3, which is expected to be due to a weaker July-August period, return to normal in September, and positive q4.
High base under demand concentration release; August: company restructuring of sales teams, long-term profit companies continuing to develop with platform-based companies, but with short-term or partial sales, and July-August, during the summer season, the flow of medical and American visitors was also diverted from travel requirements and the pace of upstream exits was adjusted
Full; September-October: September: passenger flow and sales are largely back to normal, travel needs are largely released in late October, and we expect the core product to continue its high performance of q3 during the day, but to suffer from the prevailing environment \triangleright \triangleright
At the profit end, the company’s 23q3 net non-return profit is equal to +17%, and the rate of recovery is consistent with the rate of recovery.
\triangleright Mother ' s net profit growth rate is lower than the rate of recovery due mainly to a net gain on fair value changes of -23 million yuan, which represents the research assistant in the Li Wen Jingmi Affiliation Industry
Investment proposal: q3 is slightly constrained by a number of factors, such as last year ' s high base, the impact of travel on local consumption, and the \triangleright restructuring of the company ' s sales team, but q4 shows that the company is still on track to reach its year-round goal,
White will continue to drive up the release phase, such as a follow-on release cycle or faster than daytime, looking at regenerative behaviour, and as the industry enters normal marketing trajectory, the flow-type highness is expected to reboot, with a focus on water light performance and the eye side of the product as the eye adapts and the layout increases.
We expect that if the natural angel is expected to enter the release cycle next year and add more products, it is expected that the market's perception and understanding of the company will move from a “product-type” to a “platform” of the Sinda Stock Company.
In 2022, I joined the Sinda Securities as research and development team.
Deputy General Manager of Hearts. 2nd in 2021 in new wealth zero and social uniforms, 1st in crystal ball uniforms/retail 1st, joined the Employing Securities Social Services Group after graduation in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022, covering mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, and social services.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Arts in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022, joined the new Sinda consumer group.
Lin Ling, Master of Finance, Xiamen University School of Economics, joined the new Sindha Consumers Group in January 2023. The main component covers cosmetics, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.