On November 8, Emmett published an announcement on the signing of a distribution agreement with jeisys in Korea.
The date of entry into force is the date on which the delegates are authorized to sign the agreement, which is valid for 10 years from the date on which the products agreed to by the company are registered with the regulatory agency, nmpa, and the company has signed a distribution agreement with jeisys to obtain exclusive distribution rights in Mainland China for two items of medical equipment and accessories.
The company has signed a Distribution Agreement with jeisys, which empowers the company to be responsible for the promotion, distribution, sale and related services of Density and Linearz medical beauty treatment equipment and accessories in the Mainland of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) and to be the sole distributor in the Mainland of China. The company has agreed to pay a down payment of $1 million and has the right to choose to make it after obtaining a registration certificate for the Nmpa product.
For the purchase of products, the agreement is valid for 10 years from the date of the company’s agreed product being registered with the regulatory agency, nmpa. jeisys is a dermatologist’s equipment manufacturer with product lines in various fields such as ultrasound, radio frequency, laser, etc.
The company jeisys has established a combination of product design, development, production, etc., and operates with these advantages in more than 40 countries and territories in the United States, China, Japan, Europe, etc.
jeisys was founded in Korea in 2001 and was listed by the Junior Power Pulse Therapy (KOR); in 2007, platmad30 lipid solution s010521100009 phototherapist (KOR); 2009-2012, intracell radio frequency micropolycer, tri-beam lumbing nd:yag
Laser Therapy, smoothcool Ice Soften Apogee Pulse Therapy and three types of Nmpa (cfda) certification in 2014.
The needles are designed to create a co-ordinated system for the “Equator x Doctors X Institute”, the product of which is the Intracelpro gold radio-frequency microscope combined s010522080003, the therapeutic customised skin management programme, which creates a sense of natural saturation by means of the joint treatment “Pocket microscope + smart radio frequency + partial filling”.
Radio-frequency microscopes improve combification, resistance to decay, and act as a trigger for glyph proteins, flexible protein regeneration, tighter fibre spacing, and accelerated local metabolism. The company has exclusive distribution rights in China and China. The two products are linearz and density.
s01013060038 Medical equipment, which transmits 6.78 mhz single extremely high frequency deep into the skin layer, reaches the subsurface fat and membrane layer, produces heat on the skin layer and helps to condens the skin for the lifting effect.
The expansion of PV equipment from medical and American injection products through marketing will enrich the company’s medical and American product pipeline, and it is hoped that it will provide a new income and profit growth point. This collaboration with jeisys will result in a three-quarterly review of the two items in South Korea, which are already in the commercial stage:
Skinless anti-degenerative instruments have been introduced into the country for domestic registration and commercial marketing to expand the company's medical and aesthetic product pipeline, enrich the company's medical staff, and the sale of water and light products has increased steadily, looking at the products of renewable materials, the products of the skin, and the company's medical and dermatology layout; and the company's medical and aesthetic marketing channels have been fully utilized to provide new revenue.
Since products under this Distribution Agreement still require clinical testing and registration in mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) to obtain a registration certificate for the Nmpa product in order to be sold, the agreement has no effect on the company’s operations for the current year.
3h1 income and profit performance, profit distribution programs strong product coupling power, and high innovation capacity. 1 Core product high: Hi 2.5 with a live blisters needle as a water light needle compliance product, with confidence development - 2023/08/25
(b) Premature markets, where consumer repurchases and sub-channels sank the growth of sales;
Income and profits are growing at the same time, and profitability continues to rise - needles enter over 600 medical and aesthetic institutions, authorizing more than 700 doctors; e.g., biological angels released late in July, combined with filling and tight effects, product 2023/04/25
The advantage is that the doctor ' s methods are much less demanding, and joint sales with daytime, such as the bio-angels terminal extension, are expected to achieve a faster rate of release. 4. Emerika (300896.sz) 2022 annual report assessment: degrees, pulls the company ' s rapid growth. 3 Follow-up products: injection of a botox to complete the iii clinical trial at the registration stage;
The healthy development of medical taps and equity incentives to show confidence –2023 – are expected to continue to enrich the product matrix with second-generation facial implants, smigrupine injection fluids, deoxychotic injection fluids, etc.; above all, further distribution of photovoltaic products through distribution is desirable.
5. The three-quarterly review of Emerica (300896.sz) 2022: \triangleright in the face of the wind, with a prominent position of 2022/10/26
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.