Three-quarter profit increases by 13.27% on a year-on-year basis, keeping it growing during the day, beauty care and medical beauty, growing robust overall performance and increasing during the day. The company achieved its camp in the third quarter of 2023.
The overall performance was robust when the base was higher in July-August last year and when the summer trip this year affected local consumption. For specific products, the high-speed system performed well overall, with a better increase in the water light series, a steady increase in the Māori rate and an increase in the cost of sales.
The same ratio + 1.03 pt is due mainly to increases in labour and marketing activities; the same rate of management costs + 0.52 pt is due mainly to a combination of labour, port share listing recognition and increased rental property costs; and the net operating cash flow of $1,466 million, or 54.39 per cent, was achieved from day to day for a period of 107 days, which was good.
Investment recommendations: Four quarters of the year’s profit-consumption season and increased competitiveness of the company’s products are expected to outperform the growth performance of three quarters. In the medium and long term, there is still much room for long-term penetration in the medical and American sector, and the advantages of leading firms with a compliance trend will be further highlighted.
We maintain the company’s 2023-2025 net profit forecast for the year 2023-2025, which is about 65% higher than in the same year.
Emeritus (300896.sz) - Proposed repurchase of shares for employee motivation and strength (300896.sz) - Quarterly net return profit increases by 51%, product overlaps (300896.sz) Performances of Emmetts (300896.sz) 2022 have grown steadily and equity incentives have increased.
+13.27 million to $455 million. Overall performance was robust when the base was high last July-August and the summer trip affected local consumption.
Figure 3: Mother-to-Mother net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Mother-to-Mother net profit and rate of increase (in billions, per cent)
Increases between 0.13 pct and 95.07%, resulting in a further increase in the ratio of Māori products at a high rate during the day.
On a day-to-day basis, a net operating cash flow of $1,466 million, or +54.39 per cent, was achieved, with good performance.
Investment recommendations: Four quarters of the year’s profit-consumption season and the increased competitiveness of corporate products are expected to outperform the three quarters’ growth performance. In the medium and long term, there is still much room for longer-term penetration in the medical and American industries, and the advantages of leading firms with compliance regulatory trends will be further highlighted.
Compliance product supplies, channels to further cover end-of-pipe medical institutions, and to strengthen the status of the medical leader. We maintain that the author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.