Three quarters are under pressure, looking forward to a further increase in the number of "Angels of Two Lives."
Release, three-quarter market sales pressure is relatively high. After the impact subsides, the company’s investment in marketing has increased, while labour, port stock listing and rental property charges have increased the current management cost rate.
In July of 2023, the company launched the "Emergency Angel" as a new regenerative product, although the material is also left ecstasy-ethyl.
The combination of ethanol co-polymer microballs and boulic acids, which are more suitable for skin subsurface capacity filling, and “silent day” complementarities, helps to further enhance product growth space. At present, “e.g. the Living Angel” is in the market stage, entering a leading medical institution such as deep love, and is expected to be in the second half of the year.
In addition, corporate fists have been widely recognized, especially in the area of neck-tied therapy, where 874 million yuan was received in the first half of 2023 for the solution-based injections, an increase of 35.90 per cent over the same period the previous year. In addition, companies have injected a type-a botox.
A clinical trial was completed in iii, and a registration declaration is currently being prepared. Investment proposal: the company focuses on medically fine products, is a domestic node for urinary acid injection, and enjoys a medical market dividend.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that it will be released into the weight management market in the future, with a high growth rate. We expect that: the “market index” of this rating system,a with a depth of 300 indexes; and the three-board index of the new three-board frame of reference.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.