Emmett (300896): Continuous enrichment of products matrix, layout of photovoltaics and post-medical markets
Events: The company issued an announcement on the signing of a distribution agreement with jeisysmedicalinc., introducing two Emmetts, a leading producer of medical equipment and drugs in the country, and medically fine equipment; recently launched three brands of skin protection, Ivesun, Hi Panda, Hi Panda, Focus
According to Frost Sullivan, in 2021, the company was China’s largest transparent-typing skin and signed a distribution agreement with jeisys in Korea to expand the photovoltaic resistance track.
jeisysmedicalinc. Signing a distribution agreement that will introduce two products of photomedical beauty under its flag density (radio frequency equipment) and linearz (oversound equipment), primarily positioning skin resistance, rejuvenation, etc.
The company is now in the commercial phase, with mature clinical applications and market extension experience, a home-grown doctor's pin-and-peer tap, and product-based optics.
The company recently launched a three-fold skin-care brand, "Eves" for facial beauty restoration, and "Hey Panda" needles.
The company relies on the advantages of existing medical products to expand the market for skin protection, opening up the market space for post-medical products, and the company’s array of needle-type products to sustain sustainable development in the future.
The series is still in the long term, with the company ' s solvent products growing better, with water light products benefiting from differences in composition, low base and policy clarity, and expected to increase at a higher rate.
The number of rubber products continues to increase; the same series as the biological angel's strength on the market, the positioning of soft tissues, and the development of effective complementarities during the day and the synergizing of internal and external contours are expected to be important drivers of future performance growth. With regard to research products, the injection of a type-a meat toxin has completed a iii clinical trial and is now in the process of reprogramming.
Many are studying high-quality lanes with large market space and clear competitive patterns, and the strategic layout is gradually being streamlined and approval progress is proceeding in an orderly manner, which is expected to support the company’s medium- and long-term growth.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading medically fine producers, have good product matrices, are technologically strong, produce ahead, sell through a wide range of channels. Companies are in an orderly state of the pipeline and continue to be the source of financial prosperity in the East.
"America" (300896): Continuous enrichment of the product matrix, the distribution of photovoltaics and post-medical markets, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Emmett (300896), continuously enriched the product matrix, the photovoltaic and post-medium market, Liu Tanda.
Liu Xueqing is in charge of the study of tourist hotels, restaurants, educative clothing, local life, medical beauty, etc.
The director is responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, gold jewellery, electricity dealers, traditional retailing, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.