Emeralds (300896.sz): Release of new skin protection products, exploration of toc operations 15 November 2023: launch of a new Emerald 2024 skin protection product on November 19th.
Forensic medicine builds a comprehensive treatment program called "Micro-Medical Plus-Skins" to maintain the beauty of medical brands, to introduce Effus, Hi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cau-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Ca-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-Cha-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-C-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S
Moose, multi-activist care, skin repair dressing recombinant ii-genuine protein, recombinant iii-gene, gel-platinum, water-resilient condensation mask 5 sku; 2) high body protection continues the high body science gene, focusing on the young state of the neck, the young state of the skin of the neck, the make-up/porturex, the tightness of the gold to light neck cream, and the tightness of the neck.
3 sku; 3) Hi panda skin protection focused on wrinkly resistance, day and night, eye skin protection, glutinous anti-wrinkled glutinous fluids, light-lined day/night-eye cream, medically reconfigured ii human-sourced gel proteins, white fixation, light-stressed eye-tightness 5 sku.
Practice number: s50052211002  shows a trend towards integration in the industry, with the medical giants actively preparing their skins. On November 6th, after the event, Al's flag will be officially listed in China, and his first hair will include yarns, glitters, glitters, etc.
The combination of nine products in three main categories, full coverage, eyes, necks, etc., and routine skin-care priorities. Medical treatments are highly effective, but they are more difficult to transmit, they have lower transmission coverage, they are more effective in cosmetics, and they are less effective.
In addition to the co-benefits of medical and post-medical care, it is more meaningful for companies to explore toc business ideas or companies. Americians used to focus on medical and aesthetic products, tob businesses, and rely on companies for markets.
A unique insight, by providing a painful solution to the market and a business model that empowers health-care institutions, high-level awareness of current products, high-level, white branding power, high-power alpha capacity at the top of tob, enhanced capacity to operate at the end of toc, or sustainable upgrading/accelerating branding of new products from companies in the future.
Li Bong Jingmi Industry Research Assistant, high/speed, further consolidates and upgrades the company’s strong voice in the selection of its products through c-side education. The industry is gradually entering the maturity phase, as families continue to improve their product lines and upgrade to b-end.
When it comes to operating, toc-end operations or the next step is an important consideration for leading companies to stabilize rapid growth and demonstrate Ming-Long-head's alpha capabilities. The layout of cosmetics is a better way to improve c-end operations.
Heart business does not require over-income expectations, but learning from the ability of a good cosmetics firm to operate at the end of the class is likely to empower companies to operate their beauty products. The possibility of neck cream as a skin-care potential track has recently been seen, with the growing maturity of the cosmetics industry and consumers, to divide areas and fine-tune physical care.
In addition to the cpb, Chanel, and the gelatinous-clothed neck cream, the Expo has recently launched Asia’s first ballistic-coloured neck cream, which is expected to become a potential track. As the track heat rises, companies can learn from the maturity of high-performance companies in cosmetics.
On the other hand, it is hoped that a “reduced strike” using track heat and high body recognition will be a better way of trying to get attention at a low cost. Investment advice: a company is expected to continue to improve its operations and recommend beta certainty to still a higher level of medical beauty.
Doo's leading company, Ames, has a short-term focus on 2304 high-body sales, December on next year's planning and 2401, e.g., a medium-term focus on the alpha capability and end-of-end operations of the marketing team as a result of the restructuring of the marketing organization, and a long-term focus on companies moving from product to platform.
Risk factors: Poor recovery in consumption, poor marketing of products, breakdown of track competition and Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of Research and Development. In 2021, he received the second in a new wealth zero suit, the first in a crystal ball suit, and the first in a retail fashion.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, and Bachelor of Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Lin Ling, Master of Finance, University of Xiamen School of Economics, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group in January 2023.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.