Q4 sales, beauty care, plus 43.74 per cent; of this, q3 net profit growth slowed down and q2 product sales slowed.
Growth, such as the increase in sales of gel-high Māori products, boosted performance growth and increased overall performance in the first three quarters. 1) Profit-end: Māori 23q1-q3/net interest rates, respectively. Continuous additions to R & D innovation to strengthen multi-area strategic layouts.
In the project, the second-generation facial implants, the Lidocaindine mammograms, etc. are in the clinical trial stage; the Injection-A Botox Unit is in the registration declaration phase, and the Lilalu injection fluid has completed the clinical trial phase. The company continues to expand.
By 23h1, the number of certificates of registration for medical devices was nine, an increase of two from last year's. The company has built up its research and development capabilities through self-research + cooperation, which has led to rapid growth during the day, with the expectation that it would sell as a living angel.
Both liquid and gel injection products have grown, with a three-digit increase in the number of gel products. The product has been generated by about $566 million, an increase of 139.00 per cent. The company is supported by science and technology, and one or more large monolithic series has been well developed, creating differentiated product routes that satisfy consumers.
More diversified and personalized medical beauty needs. In gel products, growth is made during the day by q2 performances, expected to be marketed quickly in the second half of the year, and product safety and effectiveness are fully met by downstream medical institutions and end consumers.
Recognition. On July 27, the company's new items were put on the market, and the new ones enriched the company's regeneration — the product matrix of August 25, 2023, and we think it is possible to use the company's existing channels for rapid release.
q2 Performance Super-expected, new products released to enhance growth, enhance marketing systems, and deepen the distribution of channels. Companies continue to adhere to the marketing model of “direct marketing, distribution and marketing”, enhance digitization and branding of marketing systems, and expand marketing.
By 23h1, the Department had more than 408 sales and market personnel.
In the context of a tightening regulatory policy in the medical-American sector, the American-Americans serve as a leader in the country’s medical-American compliance with quality standards, with a clear product orientation based on a comprehensive and differentiated product matrix.
The combination advantage, the stronger barriers to certification, the forward-looking stocking of products and the in-depth operation of customer demand, product competitiveness, increased brand influence, a multi-dimensional growth curve rich, and market occupancy and penetration are expected to increase steadily.
Risks of changes in industrial policy; increased risks from competition in the industry; less than expected marketing of new products; less than expected marketing of products; authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for portfolio investment, with a diligent and professional attitude and independence and objectivity
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.