China Peace Pinganinsurance (601318ch) Nbv reduced by a narrow margin and real estate opened by a contraction nbvdeclinerrowed, propertyexpourehascontracted
The first three quarters of the year have achieved a net return to the mother.
It's better than the city's outperform, which is 76.5 billion yuan, the same ratio - 6.3 per cent, q3 one season, 31.5 per cent, mostly affected by the epidemic and capital market fluctuations. 2) Mother-to-child profits are $123.3 billion, the same ratio.
(a) Profit: loss of net profit in the first three quarters of life, production and management plates.
In the first three quarters of the risk, production risk, bank, and management plate, the net return profit is equal to the same ratio: agent quality is continuously optimized, and the nbv drop continues to be narrower than in the first half of the year. 1) The “good +” share is higher by 10.3 pct compared to the same ratio, with agent per capita Nbv rising by 22 per cent over the same period.
4) Channel reform continues to deepen. Silver insurance channels are well integrated with Peace Bank, and the new team of excellence has recruited more than 1,000 people.
The monthly policy continues at a rate of 17 percentage points higher than the same rate. 5) The health-care ecclesiastical battle has continued slightly. By the end of q3, the company ' s health-care ecclesiastical was 100% co-located with the country ' s hospitals and tri-a-hospitals, with a safe team of doctors contracted with the outside world.
The number of doctors exceeds 50,000 and the number of co-operative pharmacies is approximately 211,000.
1) By the end of the three seasons, investments were over 4.29 trillion, an increase of 9.6% compared to the beginning of the year. • The valuation remains low, “better than the city” rating. We appreciate the gradual release of the results of the company's life insurance reform and the continuous improvement in the quality of the workforce, which is expected to be accompanied by macroeconomic improvements and insurance consumption.
As of October 26, 2022, Wangjieou Sun Tingtingsun has been a major contributor to the recovery in the sector.