# Inverted #
▪ China’s safe and implicit positive-end options for disease control and economic recovery, with lower valuation levels giving security cushions and marginal elasticity to a good internal and external environment. We believe that this cycle of life-risk recovery looks at the epidemic in the short term, the teams in the medium term, the products in the long run.
Well-repaired, life-threatening plates are expected to hit Davis double, while short-term asset-end logic is stronger, and long-term liability-end elasticity is a test of the success of head-risk life-risk transitions. We believe that peace, as a leader in life-risk reform, can lead the industry out of the trap.
• The external environment: the dawn is now waiting for us to fly. Real estate policies are falling, policy orientations are being reversed, and the thinking of the marketers is becoming clear. With the expected warming of the economy’s recovery through the optimization of the vaccination policy, the build-up of the credit multipliers is expected to be matched by long-end interest rates and equity markets.
While there is no real signal at the end of the life-risk liability, opportunities are being created. On the supply side, as the number of listed risk groups has increased in recent years, although the number of listed risk groups remains low, it is clear that the drop has been reduced seasonally and the capacity of the workforce to sustain recovery has become a new order.
On the demand side, a combination of security, profitability, and liquidity benefits emerges in a low interest rate environment. The rate of return on the competition is declining and the willingness of the residents to deposit is increasing, and we expect a 1q23 to be marketed for new policies and prices.
The company upgrades the slogan "financial technology" from the existing brand logo to "professional value," reflecting its original commitment to be a shareholder, client, employee, and so forth.
The public creates long-term interest and value aspirations. The company's quarterly talent-recruitment program yields initial results, and the three-star evaluation system relies on digital tools around the three dimensions of “good performance, good quality, good behavior” to “be good for good behaviour, good quality for good” performance.
“Good” is an intrinsic logic that guides the team to a positive feedback mechanism that “maintains a qualitative improvement in income and attracts a boost.” The Sino-News insurance team is strategically important in upgrading banks, meeting multi-client meta-assembly allocation needs, and optimizing life insurance channels.
The company created a new engine for value growth in health care. The company created a new engine for value growth in health care.
At the end of September, more than 64 per cent of the nearly 228 million clients were using the services of the Healthy Ecoosphere in China (Safe China) in 2022.
Three-quarterly reviews: the spread of the epidemic is a drag,  the profit forecast and the investment rating: the game has not changed, and the dawn is on its way. We keep the wind up on both ends, and we focus on what's expected to happen.
Multi-group p/ev targets are valued, maintaining a "buy-in" rating. A point assessment: the team has now turned red. The saying is, "Gossip Girl to China, Steam is final." Because it takes time.
Since 2019, companies have been active, sustained, and active in promoting life-risk reform, under the influence of the internal and external environment, which has spread the new coronary disease during the industry’s downfall. Reforms have never happened overnight.
Breaking repairs are good, life-threatening plates are expected to hit Davis twice, while short-term asset-end logic is stronger, and long-term liabilities are more likely to test the success of head-to-head life-risk transitions. We believe that peace, as a leader in life-risk reform, is likely to lead the industry out of the trap.
1.2. China’s share price has fallen by more than 50% at the height of its share price, as a result of the continuing spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, the downside of the real estate industry, the new lows in the middle of the year, and the volatility of the equity market.
Intra- and external factors such as over $90/equity in July 2020, followed by Happiness Property defaults in summer China, the continued spread of the epidemic, delays and values Growth, long-end interest rates and equity market shocks and the continued underperformance of company life insurance reforms, Figure 2: The continuing decline in the size of the listed risk-taking industry (in thousands)
Looking at the epidemic in the short term, looking at the team in the medium term, looking at the product in the longer term, we think the life-risk recovery in this round is looking at the epidemic in the short term, looking at the team in the medium term, looking at the product in the longer term. As the situation is getting better, the life-risk plate is expected to hit Davis twice, while the short-term asset end is more logically resilient and longer.
The elasticity of the end-of-the-life liability tested the success of the transition to head risk insurance, mainly because of the high consumption profile of the life insurance industry, which requires a process of “recover recovery, human warming, product upgrading.” The country’s life insurance industry, which has been in the bottle since 2018, is facing a fall in premiums, a loss of agents, a decline in the value of new business, and an increase in the spread of the epidemic.
The market continues to wait for signs of a turning point for life-risk liabilities, and although there has been no substantial structural change on both sides of the supply demand, opportunities are developing. On the supply side, as the collapse of recent years has intensified, while the number of listed risk companies remains low, the decline is clearly seasonally narrow and the capacity of the workforce continues to recover.
“Older people” are the main contributions to the new order and value. On the demand side, the return to recovery in the sale of savings-type operations benefits from a low-interest environment, and the combined advantages of safety, profitability and liquidity are gradually emerging.
China is now in the transition phase to phase III. China is safe to cover the positive options for disease control and economic recovery, with lower valuation levels giving security cushions and marginal elasticity to a good internal and external environment. Figure 4: Current position at the “l bottom” of the new list and team
2.1. Analysis of marginal changes in real estate risks
As of mid-2022, the size of corporate real-estate investments was reported to be a low proportion, but there was a definite impact on operating profits based on net profits on the current profit statement and cash dividends. In 2021, for example, China was able to write down and estimate China’s investment assets related to Happiness.
(b) The net profit impact on the parent after tax is $24.3 billion (23.9 per cent static) and the profit effect on the parent after tax is $7.3 billion (4.9 per cent static). It is worth noting that the company, as a comprehensive gold control platform, is safe under the flag.
Banks have also voluntarily disclosed their own real estate risk management instruments. As of the end of June 2022, the total balance of businesses with credit risk, such as the contingent credit, the investment of own-account bonds and the investment of own-account unvalued investments, totalled $341.4 billion, of which $298 billion was invested mainly in public real estate, of which $1.05 billion in real-estate development loans, all of which were:
Implementation of effective mortgages, with an average collateral rate of 43 per cent, 97 per cent in the first and second-line urban areas and the Grand Bay and Long Triangle regions; 2. Operating property loans, mergers and acquisitions and other loans totalling $192.3 billion, dominated by mature property mortgages 46 per cent, and 96 per cent in the first and second-line urban areas and the Grand Bay and Long Triangle regions.
While high priority has been given to risk prevention and quality control in the real estate sector, and risk screening and management has been strengthened, the public sector’s exposure to property risk and the wind of real estate policy have become the focus of investors’ attention. Real estate mitigation policies have been steadily increasing in recent times, and real estate risks have been better addressed.
Since November of the year, the “three arrows” have landed in order to generate multi-dimensional financing of credit, debt financing, equity financing, etc., from the increase in the debts of traders' associations and middle-income countries to the financial support issued by central banks and the Superintendence of Silver Censorship to the signing of letters from banks and housing companies in the major countries and from the current CSRC to support equity financing in real estate.
Support for the policy system means that the policy direction is completely reversed, and the thinking of the main players in the market is clear. The current real-estate wind has been smoothing out, and the property-policy risk section, the largest valuation constraint since 2022, is beginning to fade.
Figure 6: Continued low stock prices for secure property holdings, recent rebounds, strong (first-day harvest for 100 base values) The marginal easing of current property policies will boost China’s safe valuations significantly above those of colleagues.
The proportion of the housing investment balance is higher than that of the main partners, and is estimated to be 5.2 per cent, 5.1 per cent, 4.3 per cent and 2.0 per cent as of 1h22, Xinhua, Xinhua, and the country's life, respectively. The higher proportion of housing-related investment means that safeness is significantly more affected by property policy risk factors.
Real estate openings are dominated by head-to-head private enterprises, including Beguio Park, Happiness of Huaxia, Xuhui Holdings, etc. In the context of two or three years of falling industry, such companies are expected to achieve significant business improvements after the launch of this support policy.
The continuing spread of the epidemic has far-reaching and complex implications on both ends of the life insurance corporate asset liability. The impact of the epidemic on the life-risk industry is far-reaching and complex, reflecting the extent of the impact, while the complexity reflects factors (direct, indirect) that are intertwined, and that are resonant, which will further magnify the impact.
At the end of the asset spectrum, these include, among other things, low innovation at long end interest rates, large equity market volatility, and real estate risk. Complexity is reflected in a combination of the above-mentioned impacts, such as: pre-epidemiological life risk scenarios, down-scaling, and a decline in the willingness of residents to choose consumption, which will reduce the value creation of long-term guaranteed products, represented by severe disease risk.
On November 11, the State Department made a partial adjustment to the current measures to prevent and control the epidemic, proposing the “Article 20” initiative, which was the first step in the process.
Under the "Dynamic Zero Sustainability" general approach, there is appropriate relaxation in terms of tight-cover control, risk zone management, and nucleic acid testing requirements, such as: the readjustment of close-contact "7+3" to "5+3" and the reduction of risk zones from "high, medium, low" to "high" and "low" levels.
The end is reflected in the recovery of equity markets and the expected return to good investment performance, while the end is reflected in the recovery of large-scale manpower and the recovery of new single-value data. China’s peace as a life-threatening leader is expected to make the first breakthrough against the backdrop of a recovery in industry.
On September 15th of the year, interest rates on deposits in large banks fell to varying degrees, with a higher rate of interest on term deposits (totalization) falling over three years, the first time since October 2015 to lower the rate of interest on deposits and a stronger signal.
By contrast, the appeal of the open-door-red product floor settlement and demonstration rates has increased. The results of the People’s Bank’s 3q22 urban depositors’ questionnaire show that 58.1% of the population is inclined to save more, 18.6% more, and the population’s willingness to deposit defensively has increased, laying the groundwork for the sale of open-door-red products such as increased life-long life insurance.
Figure 8: Residential savings rises from year to year, internal and external environmental factors are good, opening doors are better than expected, and one q23 is expected to be marketed for new risk sheets and values, with a positive increase in recovery. October is the month of life and the start of opening open doors for the first phase of short storage products.
In comparison with two years of open-door red products, the product pattern is basically the same, and there is a slight increase in primary risk. China’s two-year-old open-door-red product pattern is basically the same.
The results of the sales of red products, with both pros and cons in terms of external environmental factors and stable product supply, are expected to increase by more than double digits in 2023. Horizontally, the product homogenization is still evident, with differences reflected mainly in the package-based service, which will open in 2023.
In late August 2022, the China Peace Group announced an official rejuvenation and upgrading of the company’s brand brand, mainly to present the existing brand.
The slogan "financial technology" in the logo was upgraded to "professional value" and the Chinese and spelling "pingan" of the brand identifiers kept 3.1.
In 1992, the company launched a green-red-coloured logo design, implying that the first-generation peace was dynamic and had unlimited potential. In 2002, in line with the historic breakthrough in the formation of the group, the brand brand was upgraded for the second time, and the text of the logo was updated by the Safe Insurance Company to "Peace in China."
The core concept of professional value creation is also embedded in a safe branding culture. As integrated finance moves forward steadily, to express its commitment to a comprehensive financial strategy and one-stop service model, in 2008 the brand logo was safely updated.
In 2018, the slogan was upgraded to "finance technology" to express a peaceful pursuit of technologically enabling services and user-friendly experiences. In 2022, in the face of a new era, new opportunities and new challenges, China's new price of peace has changed over time, a safe branding has returned to its original origin, and a new "professional" and "value" have been added to the brand logo.
In this context, it is understood that a two-round parallel, technology-driven strategic upgrade to "integrated finance plus health" promotes a high degree of integration of corporate branding and culture.
This brand change is both a return, a passing on, an upgrade, and a rejuvenation. It is an important milestone in China's safe transition to a “integrated financial + health” strategy, and in its cultural history.
The change in brand labels marks peace as a great national enterprise, deeply rooted in China, determined to remain strategic and responsive, and focused on the future, focusing on the company’s 100-year foundation and highlighting the world’s leading brands.
In this unending change, the vision of a safe brand, its promise, its temperature, and its concept remain unchanged. From the early days of reform and opening up to the new era, despite the changing demands of the times,
Client needs are changing, but they are always the customer, the age of taking root: customer needs are being updated, safe business patterns are expanding, financial products are enriched and the ability to integrate services is being enhanced, but the professionalism, value, simplicity remains constant; peace keeps pace with the times, innovation is being developed, brand brand symbols, brand spokespersons, brand advertising, etc.
Card elements, unchanged, are temperature and emotion, which always serve as a brand message for safe communication with clients, and “professional value creation”, which has always served as a guide to the actions and tireless pursuit of the peacekeepers.
• This change in branding, which has always been a new proposition in the times, is today's return to professionalism and value.
• Focusing on client needs, how can it be a return, a legacy, a better way for clients to know that we're medical practitioners?
Clients always come up with new demands, and doing what's more important than doing what is an upgrade, rejuvenation; both
And in this endless change, therapy and finance are professional, and I, therefore, have decided to unite.
It's China's "Safe Consolidated Finance" brand vision, brands, and their products and services are professional.
Professional, value-based ideas, showing what we've been doing, the strategic transformation of health care.
Promises, brand temperatures, brands, the inevitable choice that this professional ability can make, even more so, of brands.
It's always been the same. It's always the same thing. It creates value for the group, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing.
One of the most important aspects of the cultural journey is the fact that the price of a client's life is very good.
Deeply rooted in the Chinese land, that's what it's worth. Not talking about technology doesn't mean it's not a landmark.
The important thing is that technology is safe, that it's safe branding, dna, that it's a powerful innate.
General Manager of the Peace Group.
Co-head of the Peace Group.
The director of the brand, Shen Risheng, the executive officer, the president of the bank, thank you.
The company's adaptation of the logo logo to “professional value” represents the true model driving the development strategy of the new decade. The current vision of “people-centred” embodies a business-oriented concept based on “client demand.” The word “technology” does not mean that technology is not important, but that it has become an internal motivation for the organization, but that it has moved from “what is safe and healthy” to “Pinge” in the past.
“What about health” - embedding professional services in old-age managers and family doctors, deepening the two-round parallel, technology-driven strategy of “integrated finance plus health” and building industrial ecology such as “finance plus old-age”, “finance plus health”.
The 100-year-old brand, with its vision ahead of it, is understood as “professional” and “value”. Faced with the growing diversity of the population’s financial costs, and in response to the Party’s and the country’s health-care strategy, the brand vision was safely established as “a people-centred, people-centred, and people-centred, integrated financial and health-care service provider.”
“Professional” means providing customers with a consumption experience of “saving, saving time and money” through professional financial advisers, professional family doctors and professional old-age managers; what is “value”?
The foundation for peace, the very roots of the legislature, and the roots of culture are always the same as the Party’s original mission, linked to the well-being of the people, and consistent with the country’s development. The original, core, focus is on the customer.
“Professionality, making life easier” has always been a firm brand commitment to clients. Successive branding and branding innovations have changed in terms of communication with Chinese markets and consumers, and not in terms of culture and heritage for 34 years.
And in the process of innovation, we have achieved a “cognitive-functional-value-demand-driven” journey of communication with a wide range of clients, embodying the early days of peace, the same internal and external mission, and the relentless and endless pursuit of creating long-term benefits and values for shareholders, clients, employees and the public at large.
Since the end of 2018, the four-channel three-product framework has been improving. The traditional life insurance sector is facing a number of internal and external challenges, as a result of the repeated effects of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, changes in client demand, a shift in consumption, and difficulties in marketing high-risk products.
At the same time, with the rise of flexible employment and the gradual erosion of the demographic dividend, the past crude human-driven development model in the life-threatening sector has become unsustainable, and the transition and changes are urgent. In the long run, China’s population’s need for security has been strong, and the above-mentioned challenges facing the life-threatening sector do not bring about a fundamental change in the prospects for development in the industry.
In September 2020, the life insurance reform entered its implementation phase, placing greater emphasis on the three main directions of upgrading channels, product upgrading, and business upgrading. The reform project focused more on the implementation of the 12 priority projects of the life insurance reform.
In 2022, the company stepped up its digitalization pilot and deepened its transformation projects. Since 2021, the Strategic Framework for Change of the Life Insurance "Four Channels + Three Products" has been improved.
With regard to the products of the life insurance reform, the Health and Health Circle of the Life Insurance Group, through “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + High-end Pensions”, and “Insurance + Old-Age Pensions,”
The three core services of “Insurance + Home-Age” construct a differentiated competitive advantage. 4.1. Life insurance channels: good talent, exploration of diversity, representational channels still contribute to the transition of life insurance fundamentals, and diversification channels gradually increase.
Continue to promote the transition of single agent channels to multiple channels, with four main channels and a new approach to the restructuring of channels to form the basis for high-quality development of life-risk operations. The four main channels are respectively proxy channels, community grid-based channels (including original electrical sales), bank excellence channels and sink channels, in which agent channels focus on layering and fine-tuning operations, “diamonds”, “subtracts”, etc.
The “new team” has come together to facilitate the transformation of the “three-high team”; community grid-based channels have built up “on-line plus” “farmer” community-based farming models, developed a cadre of high-quality grid-based commissioners and converted the stock of “orphans” through first-service, post-sale sales; and the silver channel has created an elite new banking team to share high-quality bank customers.
Resources, one-stop wealth management that builds “insurance plus finance”; the sunk channel sword refers to the development of innovative channels for potential customers in three or four-line cities and townships.
In July of 2022, a 2022 conference was held on the theme “Advanced + People” to launch the recruitment plan. The party secretary, Yang Xiao, the head of the team, Zhou Weidong, and representatives of the team of excellent talent, among others, extended a sincere invitation to talented people. China invested 1 billion dollars in the creation of a new “Advanced + Talent Recruitment Programme” designed to train talented people.
A high-quality, high-performance, high-quality “three-high-level” proxy team. At the income end, building a industry-led income system and benefits, providing newcomers with training allowances of up to 18 months, up to $60,000 per month, and a 12-month escort allowance of up to $20,000 per month, with a one-time reward of up to $200,000 for high-performance newcomers.
The career development of the person is divided into three stages, the development period and the promotion period, with the establishment of an exclusive multi-level development system, including: 1) systematic training, consisting of courses in five major systems, such as merit and supervisor; 2) online learning platforms, which provide 7* 24-hour courses and question-and-answer support through online platforms, such as askbob and so forth: 3) health managers, financial planners and
The line of sale is one of personal growth and customer service, in 2021, a life of peace sale, and the elite provides clients with more than $400 billion in security, with an average monthly income of nearly $30,000. The line of action is to create professional insurance team managers, who now manage more than 100 people, with an annual income of more than a million.
The Sword refers to the creation of a three-high team, which is beginning to be effective. In the case of newcomers, life insurance continues to upgrade the `good+' policy by gradually improving the structure and quality of the workforce and improving the quality of the newcomers by increasing their performance, up to three years before 2022.
The first-year premium per diamond team is 4.8 times higher than the overall rate. The reform of the Life Security Digital Department is progressing steadily, with the end of the year being directed towards the reform of the National Operations Department.
Digitally enabling agents to improve the quality of services provided to clients. Business base digitized, i.e., three or five stars, calibrated plus, developed, produced, performed, managed five module tools, achieved 100% system-wide coverage. Three or five stars based on digital tools, structured around three dimensions of “good performance, good quality, good behaviour” with rows.
To support good quality, good quality drives good performance” is the underlying logic, establishing a unified, scientific, business-level evaluation system, becoming an important player in the process of agent-channel transition, leading the business to a solid management base and a determined transition to high-quality development.
A rigorous process appraisal will facilitate the formation of positive feedback from the team. A three-star evaluation system will help break the past business management approach of “performance-only” and establish a systematic process-based evaluation system for process tracking management.
The goal is to achieve excellence for all, and also to provide the business department with a mastery of efficiency gains to standardize the process and to create a positive feedback mechanism for “maintenance, qualitative improvement, income growth, and attraction of excellence”.
In October 2021, the Sino-Safe Insurance team was formally formed as a high-quality, productive, high-income, insurance-informed wealth management team led by the Bank of Saviours, with the aim of opening a new track for the sustainable growth of private and wealth management operations.
At the same time, life insurance strengthens working with external banks and professionalizes the workforce in order to achieve steady business growth. To meet clients’ needs, life insurance continues to improve.
The system of silver insurance products, which has been introduced in three quarters as a new product for life, has been approved by the public through channels and customers, and has been sold well. We have measured the new operational value and internal value of the new safe banking, life insurance, and health insurance.
The transaction offsets the impact of group costs, and, taking into account such assumptions as the size, quality of the team and the creation of banks, it is expected that the first annual premium for the new team will be $6.4 billion by 2025, while the total contribution will be $13.456 billion, assuming that the new value of the operation will remain at 20 per cent, corresponding to the new value of the operation in 2025 at $1.28 billion.
By 2030, the value of the new business was $1,966 million. For reference, the value of the new business was $2.88 billion from the 2021 life insurance and health insurance channels.
About 58%, it is estimated that we will save pre-tax profits by 989 million yuan by 2025, and by 2030 by 4.2. Life insurance products: “three years”, “four-dimensional” location from “market” to “customer-centred” focus.
Industry liabilities are driven by man-to-man tactics, consumer-negative consumer demand is left behind by practices such as human-interest insurance policies, product-based marketing and strong marketing, high-quality channels and manpower size are the targets of popular pursuits, and demand-and-supply mismatches in the industry are so severe that they are accompanied by a series of persistent problems, such as underwriting, misdirection of sales and forced matchmaking.
With the end of the demographic dividend, the rejuvenation of the mainstream consumption of insurance, the reduction of information asymmetries, consumer insurance awareness and perceptions of products, the industry’s old path to broad-based development has come to an end. With the mismatch between supply and demand and oversupply, consumers will have more initiative to match their own insurance products and services and become “customer-centred” new.
There is a tendency to force insurance companies to apply sophisticated business concepts, grind products and services, and drive performance growth with the competitiveness of good products. Currently, there are bottlenecks in the development of the personal risk industry, and who can take the lead in moving from “self-centred marketing” to “customer-centred asset allocation” or moving faster away from the short-term bottlenecks of the industry.
Life insurance is based on the concept of “building a temperature-based insurance” and based on the needs of clients, increasing the supply of competitive products, and building on the health-care biosphere of the group, creating a differentiated competitive advantage through three core services: “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + Home-based Pension”, and “Insurance + High-end Pension”.
Upgrading the product system to meet the changing and diversified needs of customers for insurance products. In the context of the netization of bank property, lower market interest rates, and equity market fluctuations, life-saving insurance continues to drive the increase in life-long products, the “Golden World”, taking full advantage of the value added of insurance products in the long term, and meeting the needs of clients for sound financial management.