Quick Report on the performance of Jiangsu Bank (600919) in 2021 High growth, steady quality, and regional advantage highlighted events: 11 January, Jiangsu Bank released a fast report on its performance in 2021, yielding 63.8 billion.
Yoy+22.6 per cent (+6.9 pt); net parent profit of 19.7 billion, yoy+30.7 per cent (+27.66 pct); recovery of roe in 21 with significant increase in both profits, up since 2012 \triangleright \triangleright
69bp. Performance increases far faster than asset sizes, or benefit from the increased contribution of non-interest-bearing operations. Bad rates, non-performing loans, faster clearance of stock credit risk, and improved asset quality.
A significant increase in the coverage of the provision has resulted in an increase in asset security margins. 16.52 per cent in the loan balance over the year, leading asset expansion at the upstream level of the industry, highlighting \triangleright
The region’s strong financing needs, and credit delivery is expected to remain strong, leading to a steady return in the net-rate gap. Investment proposals: high performance, stronger asset quality, position advantage, credit drop-outs
\triangleright \triangleright1 performance rate maintained high
Performances have remained high, standing at the forefront of listed banks. The performance report shows that Jiangsu Bank increased its operating income by 22.6 per cent in 2021, compared to +6.9 pt; net profit returns increased by 30.7 per cent, compared to +27.7 pt, and are expected to be among the top among listed banks. Performance increases are significantly higher than asset expansion or benefit from higher contributions from non-interest operations.
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance up to 2021 (cumulative) Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance up to 2021 (single season) 2
In 2021, Jiangsu bank had a negative rate of 1.08%, a decline of 24bp in the same year, and the balance of non-performing loans had fallen by 4.6% to $15.12 billion in the same year, with a further clean-up of stock risks. Taking into account regional asset quality advantages, incremental business development is expected to be higher than the market average, and asset quality improvement is within the scope of upwards.
In 2021, Jiangsu provided 307.72% coverage, a higher security margin than in the previous year. The credit sector is leading the growth rate, highlighting the region’s strong financing needs and supporting net interest differentials. In 2021, Jiangsu’s loans were of the same size as in 2021.
The growth of 16.52% is higher than the overall asset growth of 4.5pc. In a context of relatively weak demand for real-economy financing, the credit-growing industry leaders continue to perform at a high rate, asset quality is further tightened, and locational advantages provide room and capacity for credit lending, promising to drive a steady net interest spread.
Macroeconomic failure; significant decline in asset quality; and significant increase in regional credit risk. Corporate financial statement data projections Summary of methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspectives. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.