q4 underperformed on 16/04/2022 and the price of rare earth concentrates is expected to continue to rise.
\triangleright net profit for the mother is 2,861 million yuan, an increase of 520.54% over the same period.
\triangleright 2 prices: The company has excellent steel cost control, and the base price of rare earth concentrates continues to rise.
The first increase in the company ' s own mine was 8.5 million tons, and energy efficiency and cost reduction were measured, with real tons of steel produced rising by only 31.55 per cent, while steel prices rose by about 33.28 per cent. In addition, the company agreed to a fine research assistant: Sun Erchun.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The price of rare earth rotors is expected to continue to rise. The company holds the stock of steel packs. 1. The group owns the White Cloud Obo mine, which has been discovered to be 35 million tons of rare earth rotors, and the company owns the tailings bank.
The prices of rare earth concentrates, the volume of transactions, have increased both ways, driving the performance of the rare earth rotor reserves by about 13,82 million tons, and the production capacity of the rare earth concentrates by about 450,000 tons. The company's latest deal with the rare earth in the north has increased, and the base price has been revised upwards to 52% of the market price.
There is a strong demand for mobility and a tight balance between supply and demand, and it is expected that the company’s price of rare earth concentrates will continue to rise. There are four fine production lines of “boards, tubes, tracks, lines” with a strong material security advantage.
In addition, the company owns 8 million tons of coke production to provide security for high-fired raw materials. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the demand for rare earth plates downstream is strong, the market size of the industry will continue to expand, and we will continue to expand.
The company's rare earth business is seen as promising; at the same time, the profitability of the steel business in the “double carbon” context is expected to continue to improve too rapidly \triangleright rare earth mines.
1 Summary of the event: The company published its annual 2021 report, 2-point assessment: steel production went up with rare earth, Māori rate increased by 1.51 pct: company steel cost controls were excellent and the base price of rare earth concentrates continued to rise.
The price of raw materials for iron ore increased by +49.06%, the price of primary coal by +80.75%, the price of coke, the dynamic precision of production decisions to improve energy efficiency and reduce costs. The company's real cost of steel rose by only 31.55%, while the real price of the product increased by about 33.28%.
Figure 9: The price of rare earth concentrate market rose sharply in 2021 (in yuan/tons) and the company’s R & D costs rose significantly. The company increased its R & D inputs in 2021, the cost of R & D increased compared to the same period the previous year.
The company's controlling shareholders, the White Cloud Obo mine, is the world-famous resource reservoir, the world-renowned bank of steel, and the report of 2021 shows that 35 million tons of detectable rare earth rotor oxide are the world's largest; the company owns 200 million tons of rare earth rotor ore deposits; the company owns 200 million tons of rare earth ore tailings.
The company’s rare earth concentrate production capacity amounted to 450,000 tons, and the price of rare earth concentrates is expected to continue to rise. The company renewed the rare earth supply contract with the northern rare earth, and it is proposed that the sales price of rare earth concentrates be adjusted to $26,887.20 per tonne (dry) free of taxes as of 1 January 2022.
In volume, reo = 51 per cent), reo increases or decreases by 1 per cent, tax-free prices by 527.2 yuan/tonne (dry) and rare earth concentrates by 2022, with a total trade of no more than 230,000 tons (dry, reo = 50 per cent). The company ' s rare earth concentrate association has increased its trade prices and, although it has increased by 65 per cent, it remains significantly below market prices (52 per cent of the market price).
We expect that the market size of the rare earth industry will continue to expand, that the price of rare earth concentrates is expected to continue to rise, and that there is still room for price increases in the prices of company products traded.
Figure 16: Corporate agreement prices are much lower than market prices (in yuan/tons) Figure 15: Lower downstream rare earth products are at high prices (in yuan/tons) - oxen oxides: (nd2o3+pr6o11)/treo=75.0%: Shanghai
Ten thousand tons, which has formed a pattern of production of four fine lines: board, tube, track, line. csp, wide board production capacity up to 9.7 million tons, the largest board production base in the northwest of the country; and the company owns 2.1 million tons of total life capacity of the world's advanced high-speed high-speed steel-track production line and 1.8 million production capacity throughout the year.
Tons of seamless pipe production lines. Second, the company’s iron and steel raw materials are more secure, producing 8.5 million tons for the first time in 2021, crossing history, and the holding stock group’s steel-packed iron ore reserves amounting to 1.4 billion tons.
4 Profit forecasting and investment construction 4.1 Profit projection assumptions and operations split from steel, rare earth, fluorescent and other operations:
(1) With regard to steel, we expect steel prices to remain high and, in the context of the company’s business plan (2) rare earth, the downstream magnetic sector is in high demand, which is expected to boost the price of rare earth.
(3) With regard to fluorescent stones, we expect that the price will remain stable and that, in conjunction with the company's business plan, we will choose the shawl shares and large steel, depending on the company's business attributes, as comparable daily round-up data for the steel industry, which corresponds to an average of 5x, 5x and 4x per company in 2022-24, respectively.
We believe that the downstream demand of the rare earth plate is strong, that the size of the industry market will continue to expand, and that the promise of the steel industry is long-term, while the profitability of the steel business is expected to continue to improve in the “double carbon” context. We expect the price to be 25 x, 19 x, and 16 x. Although the value of the company is higher than that of comparable companies, it corresponds to the value of the company.
(1) The price of raw materials such as iron ore, coke, etc. continues to rise, and the firm’s cost pressure increases. 2) Downstream demand is not as high as expected. The recovery of domestic consumption and investment is slow, and the pressure of economic transformation is still on, and downstream enterprise development is not growing as fast as expected.
3) The impact of the new crown epidemic is continuing. The serious and complex situation in the area of prevention and control poses a certain risk to companies’ management of production operations and the transport of products. 4) The expansion of rare earth mines abroad is going too fast.
The company's financial statement data projections are aggregated, methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.