A steady growth in performance, increased outreach from abroad, sustained intelligent marketing, and a report by the public media (002027).
On August 09, 2024, the advertising market demand continued to warm, the escalator was maintained, and the company's performance grew robustly.
According to ctr data, domestic advertising costs increased by 2.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, continuing the 23h1 upward trend, with the overall market warming up in volatility and a significant recovery trend, the main drivers of which were the domestic advertising market demand warming, the stairway climate maintaining, and the company leading the building media.
In three fee scenarios, the cost of sales and management of 24h1 has risen slightly over the same period, and the cost of R&D has been reduced. The escalator continues its trend of actively expanding offshore locations, and advertising hosts have a strong demand.
The largest urban life media platform in the country, covering approximately 300 cities on the mainland, the Hong Kong Administrative Region and 100 overseas capital cities such as Indonesia and South Korea, with 1,811,000 elevator TV/Elevator poster media, respectively, was established as of 31 July 24th.
Rehabilitated significantly with the deployment of a large model of adept marketing ai tens of thousands, representing an increase of 11.7 per cent per 0.03 per cent compared to the end of 2023, with an intellectual advantage of off-shore elevator television
The number of poster media/elevators was 156,000 (19,000), up from 2023 at the end of the year. Demand in the domestic advertising market recovered, with strong performance repair of 14.7%/growth of 18.8% in 23 years.
Twenty-three performance repairs were significant, and the escalator continued its trend towards an orderly expansion of high-quality resource points within and outside the country, further optimizing the density and client structure of corporate media resources, and maintaining diversification. As the economy improves, the line goes down.
The demand for advertising fields, such as the Internet, new consumption, and residential housing, will continue to grow, and the demand for advertising is high. Continued digitalization, smart marketing, and the development of ani-driven solutions.
Continuous upgrading of digital and intelligent marketing capabilities, which has now resulted in cloud-side online delivery and the networking of most of the summer’s screens and the broadcast status of the remote online monitor screens.
S027020050001 Division continuously stomps large data analysis capabilities to continuously help clients achieve accurate and efficient delivery and to effectively promote synergy of effect and significantly increase sales conversion rates. The company has also completed the marketing of large pear models.
LEE China Harbour Agency, dedicated to the development of a state-driven new industry solution, will greatly enrich its comprehensiveness in advertising, creative creation, advertising strategy development, advertising optimization, advertising data analysis, etc.
In the past, we maintained a profit forecast, with companies expected to achieve business income by 2024-2026. Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, policy regulatory risks, emerging media diversion advertising masters.
Risks, uncertainty of demand in advertising markets.