A robust growth of core operations and long-term performance resilience highlighted the mid-2024 performance rating by the media (002027.sz)
In the first quarter of the year, the company realized 32.38 per cent of operating income, an increase of 10.05 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to the shares of listed companies was 1,453 million yuan, an increase of 12.65 per cent over the same period; net profit withheld from non-repatriation was 1,252 million yuan, same as: yuezheng_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The State Department’s opinion of 3 August on the promotion of high-quality service consumption is expected to boost consumer confidence and release consumer demand. The company, as the largest media platform in the world, is a research assistant.
In the area of branding, which has a platform advantage and media value, it has become a nuclear hub for consumer branding and is expected to benefit from new growth at the end of the consumer cycle. Active embrace of the technology and continuous upgrading of the intelligence marketing capacity of the company actively grasping the current technology.
At present, corporate marketing giant models are being fine-tuned and iterative. At the same time, companies are continuously upgrading their digital, intelligent marketing capabilities to follow up with their customers.
Optimizing marketing strategies provides a data base. At the same time, through continuous in-depth analysis and research of big data and collaboration with various platforms, companies have been able to help clients achieve accurate and effective investment and effectively promote good-impact synergies. Investment proposals: We believe that the company ' s core business is moving forward steadily, with a high degree of certainty in performance growth while at the same time, one
The application of such technologies is expected to improve operational efficiency and achieve efficiency gains in long-line companies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.