The media and Internet groups operate well and perform well as expected, with the proposed medium-term dividends: q2 overall robust and the growth rate of cinema media outlets slowing down. 1) q2 income loops
1. "Assessment of media companies: performance is in line with the forecast, and advertising is steadily under repair.
The rest of the industry is almost even. 2) According to the distribution channels, the ladder has grown steadily, with revenues of h1 and 3. "Search media companies rating: performance close to the forecast ceiling, with a year-round recovery higher than +7.3 per cent, cinema media revenue equal to +20.8 per cent to 450 million, rising faster than the escalator."
But because of the low performance of the q2 room, the growth of the business income has been somewhat suppressed, and we think that the economic growth has slowed, that advertising is more cautious, and that the cinema media, as a complementary brand advertising channel, is under pressure to completely repair.
Profit-making: higher than income and a robust profit-making level. H1 and q2 net profit return slightly higher than income, H1 and q2 net interest rate equal to +1.3, 1.0 pc, main investment return doubling to the same value, mainly due to the disposal of other non-current financial assets
Investment returns. q2 is not attributable to the parent-on-year ratio, which increases less than the parent-net profit, mainly as a result of a change in profit/loss, with a small increase in sales and management rates, offset by an increase in the Māori rate and an increase in the Māori rate, +0.8 and 0.7 pt, respectively.
In the second half of the year, attention was focused on nodes like big push, and as a follow-up, new lanes and brand names were expected to add up. Advertisements were directly linked to the economy, the pace of economic growth and the slowdown, based on the company’s market position in the field of ladders and the fact that it had been working for years.
We believe that consumer goods will continue to be a fundamental tool for steady growth in performance; in addition, races such as the i-industry chain will rise or will lead to new product lines, brands, etc.
Prospective growth, coupled with increased efficiency of operations, such as the apital model. Profit forecasting, valuation and ratings. Macroeconomic warming is not as good as expected; consumer goods and emerging downstream tracks are not being delivered as expected.
Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market