• Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) .. demand side: 24h1 outdoor advertising demand has been significantly repaired
In the first half of the year, advertising on elevator lcd increased by 22.9 per cent; in the first half of the year, advertising flowers on elevator posters, company prices compared to the 300-year-old trend.
Lei, Blue Moon, Skycat, Dewey, all clients: In terms of the structure of the advertising main industry, there was a marked increase in the supply side of the supply side of cleaning supplies, cosmetics/baskets, alcoholic drinks, etc. in the first half of the year: the number of down-market elevator televisions increased and the external market was speeded up.
1) Elevator TV Media: As of the end of July 24, the company owned 1,811,000 posts (an increase of 25.11 per cent in the same year), of which 10,97 million were self-employed media equipment (an increase of 10,0 thousand units in the same year (an increase of 19.11 per cent in the same year) and 58,0 million in the second line of cities (an increase of 17.89 per cent in the same year).
Corporate review: Microsoft (msft): Fy2024 Industries 2) elevator poster media: by the end of July 24, the company had a total of 1.952 million places. Performances were largely in line with expectations, followed by an increase in azure
• Corporate reviews: Amazon (amzn): Cloud operations, 10,000 (by 1.30 per cent) and three lines and sub-city points, 193,000 (by 0.1 per cent)
• Industry Review: Health Insurance Drg Review: drg/dip 3) cinema media: As of the end of July 24, the company had 1835 cinemas (plus 0.44 per cent) in partnership, covering approximately 13,000 cinemas in over 270 cities of the country.
• Industry point review: Autonomous and Controllable Assessment: Policy and Quality Scores: High Frequency Rewarding Shareholders, Showning Confidence in the Future Development of the Company
The company issues a 24-year medium-term bonus programme based on a total equity share of $14.442 billion, heading towards the depth of the company: Microsoft (msft): hug clouds and 57.92% of the company’s net profit on 24h1.
Investors provide more timely cash-flow returns and further enhance investors' exposure to long-term corporate business: adobe (adbe): 24q2 over-expected performance and acceleration of the i monetization process
80% of the net profits from non-recurring gains and losses attributable to shareholders in listed companies each year are paid in cash to look after the needs of sunk cities and work actively with the United States Corps, which has indicated that it is actively exploring ways of cooperating with the United States Corps, hoping to do its part.
Some of the cities have been selected as pilot sites to adjust or confirm, depending on the pilot, further models of cooperation and extension coverage.
Macroeconomic stress: the demand for advertising has recovered as much as expected: increased competition in the industry Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, and a good combination of industry and investment perspectives in vendor research. The third and new crystal ball in 2015 uses information on legal compliance, and the present report is produced independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.