Media: an intention to cooperate with the United States Mission to promote the development and operation of low-line city elevator video media (002027.sz)
Incidents: The single day of July 11th fell by 4.65%, which we believe is related to the news of the US Mission's recruitment of elevator media ads to join the coalition on the official Micro-Credit Public this morning. The market fears that the US Regiment's entry to the ladder market will compete against the market for the distributed media.
The Securities Times, the media and the United States of America have agreed to cooperate in order to make full use of each other's strengths, in conjunction with the Feng Ting Media Internet and overseas chief analysis, to develop and operate the lower-line city elevator video media, including the three or four-line cities, for the benefit of the small and medium-sized.
According to the U.S. Combine of Outsales, the Downsliding Market Development Department is committed to the development and operation of the local business sunk market. The United States Corps is currently planning to recruit elevator media in sinking cities, advertising alliances (video ladders). The United States side will provide equipment and business support; and the Union side will be responsible.
Equipment, marketing and advertising, among other things, under conditions of association: 1. Underline advertising, with experience of at least two years and better use of ladders. 2. Community/business property resources, advertising customers, advertising sales, etc., are located in cities that have sunk at will throughout the country.
3. There is sufficient start-up funding and company capacity to set up more than 500 video-television stations in a single city.
In the context of accelerating the development and operation of the low-line city elevator video media, the Securities Times News, a joint effort between the media and the United States Mission will accelerate the development and operation of the low-line city elevator video. In the context of the larger domestic cycle, the media will be able to provide high-quality services to a larger number of small and medium-sized households, taking into account current market demand.
In order to achieve the path and form of cooperation between the two sides, the United States and the United States will first select the city as a pilot for this collaboration, and will gradually expand coverage in the future, depending on how the pilot city operates.
We believe that this collaboration will facilitate collaboration between the media and the United States. By working together, both sides will be able to open up online marketing channels in the sunk market, increase their penetration rates in low-line cities, and provide better services to low-line urban SMEs.
The powerful advantage of big instruments is to expand the a1 population, effectively raise the rate of entry, transit and conversion on the line, provide a high-quality enabler for small and medium-sized advertising clients represented by local life services, on a scale-up basis
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing.
In our view, it is more reasonable for the media to follow up with the United States Mission, focusing on medium-term high-return cash transfers of 80% of profits. On the basis of the calculations, we expect the mass media to be 24q2 seasons (2) and we believe that the group provides low-line city locations and the United States Corps provides small and medium-sized clients in low-line cities.
Advertisement demand is currently a more rational form of cooperation that takes advantage of both sides. Compared to the second-line city, low-line cities have a lower advertising value than the past ladder competition, and it is not reasonable in the current market environment to take up the higher capex costs on both sides.
3000 yuan/year corresponds to the operating cost of 900 million dollars for the current 300,000 low-line city locations of the media. The interaction between the public and the public points to the strengthening of SME services, behind which is the advertising structure of its ka clients, whose contribution is greater than that of small and medium-sized clients.
Over 90% of the customers' retention rate has been invested in billions of dollars over the years, and about 70% of the 10 to 50 million dollars in households. Local businesses in the United States have more small and medium-sized businesses, working together or better turning the business resources of the United States from the United States to the United States.
Released. According to data from the ctr media, the advertising market rose by 7.5 per cent in January-February 2024, increasing in February over the month of January, with elevators, lcd, and elevator poster channels showing a bright view, distinguishing them from the rest of the world.
(3) The United States Corps publicly recruits low-line city allies as part of its sunk marketing strategy, helping to connect online and off-line marketing channels, increasing user penetration, especially for groups with low levels of penetration, such as low-line urban elderly consumers, and helping to sink the market
At the same time, there is no evidence that the United States is going to take the lead, and that there will be a significant initial investment in the "run-in-the-ground" location model. As of May 23, the newcomer media has been financing about $9 billion from the Angel wheel to the present day.
Among them are well-known businesses like Kyundong, Home based, Opoo Light. In our view, the ladder business model, which looks like a high-profit business model, also requires long-term stable downstream customer nurturing (point weight, but stable customers are more important) and a stable upstream cash flow return (short-term outcome).
The competition seems to have benefited upstream in the short term, but in the long run it can lead to renewals, non-compliance, etc. Risk factors: below-line consumption recovery is not as fast as expected, advertising is not budgeted as expected
The University of Post and Telecommunications has a bachelor's degree in computers, who worked in telecommunications for three years in the first market, five years of entrepreneurship ( artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, etc.) and owners.
Joining the Sindam Securities Research and Development Center in the year, the focus is now mainly on US stock research and coverage of a and port shares in the context of overseas mapping. Part of this is irrelevant, not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.