The net profit from non-recurring gains and losses was 2,197 million yuan, up from 1,972 million yuan in the same period the previous year.
11.43%. Companies publish profit distribution plans, discover gold dividends for every 10 shares of all shareholders, cinema screen advertising media, etc., covering the work, life, recreation and consumption scenes of the urban majority consumers. In the first half of 2024, companies achieved operating income of $5,967 million.
This represents an increase of 8.17 per cent over the previous year ' s $5.517 billion, of which $5.505 billion, representing 92.26 per cent of operating income, was earned by the media.
10 shares found a gold dividend of $1.00 (including taxes) and the total cash share was raised by 1,444 million dollars, as mentioned in the communiqué of the action programme, the company developed a programme of action for the “double-up” of quality returns.
It specifies that “a company receives a cash bonus each year for 80 per cent of the net profit less non-recurring gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of a listed company for a period not less than the same year”, while ensuring that the company continues to grow, it always puts the shareholder's interests first and strengthens the returns to the shareholders. ]
The idea is to share the benefits of business development with all investors.
Urban Life Circle Media Network, which, as of 31 July 2024, is a company ' s life-cycle media organization - a network of media outlets (002027.sz) covering about 300 cities in the country, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and South Korea, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand and the United States of America.
2024.07.22 “Market Demand Warming, Accelerating Maritime and Outbound Pointing Expansion” in some 100 countries, including Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Viet Nam, India and Japan
The company's elevator television media were equipped with about 10,97 million self-contained elevator posters. The elevator television media grew by 14.7% and electricity from its own external equipment at the end of 2023.
The poster media grew by 18.8% of their own equipment outside the country, and  accelerated the sunk market, increasing the coverage of three or four lines of cities. On July 11, 2024, U.S.C.S. Outsales Co-operative City Public, said that the U.S.C. was planning to sink the city.
In the face of stock price fluctuations caused by the hiring consultation, the public media responded immediately on the interactive platform, entering into a partnership with the United States Mission, and will work together to promote low-line city elevator video media operations.
We look forward to the firm’s robust growth and positive layout of the off-shore market and maintain the “buy-in” rating. The core assumption is that (1) building media: the company is the leading advertiser of the building’s media, and the business is the largest contributor to the company’s revenue.
The growth of demand and new business is expected to bring growth space to the company. We do not anticipate and perform as expected; advertisers do not deliver as expected; and the policy and regulatory environment is tightened.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.