We've got a steady increase in revenue, and we've accelerated the downfall of the market, and we've got a report in the press (002027) 2024 on August 23, 2024.
In addition, the company’s $1 billion, or 12.65%, was increased. Of this amount, the total revenue earned by the media in the first half of the year was $5,967 million, an increase of 8.17% in the same year; the net profit earned by the mother was 2,493 million, an increase of 11.74% in the same year.
The high profile of the lcd and elevator poster channels, with 24h1 case spending increasing by 22.9% and 16.8%, respectively, on the same basis; on the other hand, there was an increase in the Māori rate and its investment in the two main major businesses; on the domestic layout: accelerating the market penetration rate of the sinking market. As of the end of July 24, the company was on line 3.
As the number of locations continues to be encrypted and the coverage of the city continues to grow, the company will continue to expand.
The competitiveness and share of the market in the ladder market is expected to continue to rise.
The TV/Elevator poster was self-directed at 15.6.19 million spots, with double-digit growth over the end of 2023, covering about 100 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, and Japan. Meanwhile, companies began to enter the Middle East market in 24q2 and took countries such as Brazil, Mexico, etc.
As a follow-up option, the country is committed to building a global company that can help the country out of the sea, provide a medium-term distribution plan, and increase investor confidence. The company announces its semi-annual distribution plan, which is intended to safeguard the interests of all shareholders and enhance investor confidence in the company’s long-term development.
In addition, the company maintains a high-scoring scheme, which explains: the “market index” of this rating system, a share of which is referred to by 300 indexes of depth, and the new three-board reference by three indexes.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.