On 11th of July 2024, U.S. Expatriate and Cooperative City Publics launched the latest call for business.
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Queries indicate that the United States Corps is currently planning to recruit elevator media advertisers (video ladders) in sinking cities.
In response, the United States Mission is working together to promote low-line city elevator video media, social and economic stability, and the re-energization of advertising by advertisers. With economic development, the advertising market has begun to recover, and demand by advertisers has increased. In recent years, our gdp has been moving steadily.
The annual increase, in 2023, was 126,582.1 billion yuan, an increase of 5.2 per cent over the same period, with a corresponding increase in total retail sales of social consumer goods. With the end of the epidemic, the social macro-environment has improved, and the enthusiasm of advertisers for marketing has been rekindled.
Ctr data shows an increase of 11.20% in advertising market spending over the same period in 2021, and an increase of 82.28% in building media, according to the 2022 White Paper on the marketing strategy of Chinese brand advertising, in 2023, led the development of the advertising market and became one of the pillars of the market.
The time of contact is concentrated on out-of-school and off-duty travel. The market in the escalator market is promising and has potential for development. According to ctr, only the elevator, lcd, changed from the elevator poster for the second year in a row to growth.
The company, one of the first companies in China to create an elevator and a media advertising model, is now actively developing its share of the market as a leading industry. Between 2019 and 2023, the number of company equipment increased significantly.
Plus, full capture of the market share of second-line cities. The company’s older clients account for more than 85% and actively seek cooperation with new customers will provide the company with elasticity in its performance. In terms of the retention rate of large-scale households, the retention rate of billions of dollar-grade customers is as high as 90%, keeping the company’s performance steady.
"Market Demand Warming, Increased Intensity at Sea and Outbound Pointing" by a group of media (002027.sz) 2023 and \triangleright
We look forward to the firm’s robust growth and positive layout of the off-shore market and maintain the “buy-in” rating. The core assumption is: (1) building media: the company is the leading advertiser for the building’s media, and the business is the largest in terms of the company’s revenue.
The growth of demand and new business is expected to bring growth space to the company. We expect the cost of media operations in 2026 to be 3,949 million yuan/40.15 billion/4127 million dollars, respectively.
The media has a leading market share. Income: recovery of the beneficiary macroeconomics and market \triangleright lines and performance are below expectations; advertisers are not delivering as expected; and the policy and regulatory environment is tightened.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.