Cost drags down q3 performance, four quarters of steel stock (600019.sh) Treasure steel shares issue 3rd quarter 2019 report.
2. Our analysis and judgment.
An increase in costs has led to a decline in earnings in the first quarter of the third quarter, such as increased uncertainty in external markets, the impact of the China-United States trade war; and internal factors such as the current ring.
The relative easing of production limits and the relative lowness of the steel downstream industry, such as the automobile industry (based on the continuing fall in profits of large and medium-sized steel companies in the country). Prices of ores have continued to rise in the last three quarters, with 62% of the iron ore index rising by about 1.90%, and the price of coal coke has fluctuated at a higher level.
The reason for the decline in the company's performance during the reporting period was attributed to the higher cost of raw materials and (ii) significant efficiency gains in the price of steel, with emphasis on product optimization and efficiency enhancement.
Four hundred and seventy billion yuan, exceeding the annual targets and providing strong support for the company ' s performance; the inter-period cost fell by 2,204 million yuan, of which the financial cost decreased by 1.778 billion yuan (mainly exchange loss and interest cost decreased on the same basis) and the management costs decreased by the same ratio.
1.348 billion yuan (as a result of a decrease in the equal remuneration of employees, termination benefits and equity incentives), an increase of $1.067 billion in R & D costs over the same period (as a result of an increase in production line R & D costs over the same period).
The chain steel product is certified through dnv (Norwegian class).
Since 2019, 97 smart equipment improvement projects have been launched: Bosan has taken the lead in the application of unreloaded framework vehicle control and modulation technology: Bosan and Dongshan have been successively humanized. In addition, construction work has continued, such as in China.
In the case of production, the index of imported iron ore (as of 25 October) fell by 13.0 yuan per ton from last week, and the mine and the outside mine were stable and weak, and the mine was pessimistic about the future market. Despite the cooling of temperatures or environmental constraints that would allow it to narrow down the downstream requirements, the mine was pessimistic about the future market.
In the light of the expected decline in cost prices and the company ' s move to raise the price of the plant, we believe that the company ' s q4 profitability, the significant efficiency gains during the reporting period, and the continuation of many intelligent manufacturing projects and production capacity projects, have increased the price of the product as a whole.