Plus R & D input + core talent tied up, product continued expansion aid - St. State (300661.sz) company dynamics study has been increasing in the previous three quarters, with a single quarter of Mäori history
The increase over the previous year was mainly the result of the growth in product categories, the expansion of applications, and the accumulation of factors such as continued deep-ploughing in clients. Company q3 achieved operating income of $761 million, an increase of 22.76 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting in a net return of $211 million.
Dollars, 10.51 per cent year-on-year growth, q3 quarter Māori rate, 60.68 per cent year-on-year, Biti-on-year, equity incentives core talent for forward growth, 180 million dollars in corporate R&D investment in the third quarter of 2022, up from last year's third quarter.
A cumulative R & D investment of $440 million, an increase of 66.42 per cent over the first three quarters of last year, and the introduction of over 400 new items, including 36v/3a synchronized flow dc/dc, super-low-temperature drift, 0.1 per cent accuracy, high-precision voltage benchmark, compliance with vehicle specifications
Chips, high-speed contraster chips, power-borne route management and 16-digit modulus converters 1a low-noise high psrrldo, super-low-power dc/dc pressure converters, super-small envelopes with low-capacity digital temperature transmission
, saradc of built-in temperature sensors, three-way output of 1.2aamoled screens, power chips, etc., which are currently being developed autonomously by the company to sell over 4,000 products, first awarded on 12 October 2022 for the completion of the stock options incentive scheme.
Remember, a total of 38.87 million awards, 631 registrations, prices of power, the year-on-year strong start, laid the foundation for a year-on-year high increase, and they thought that the incentive scheme involved a wide range of targets and helped the company tie up.
While identifying core talent, enabling companies in the talent-based micro-ic industry are ahead of schedule and now have high water levels and overall competition will intensify next year, we recognize the company as the most full-fledged analogue leader in the domestic product category.
Develop and bind core talent, with clear long-term growth paths. Forecasting downside risks for companies 2022 - industry landscape, less than expected risks for product R & D, increased risks for industry competition, and risks for policy changes overseas.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.