Cro leads, Be's business contribution to performance, Sasakawa financial research,  pharmaceutical organisms.
Perspectives: The first half of 2017 has benefited from the continued growth of old orders for large clinical operations, which are expected to sustain high growth in corporate performance, with net corporate profits increasing by 53.07 per cent over the same period, and a significant average Māori ratio.
The company's layout in the industrial chain of the industry of the crón industry.
43.15 per cent of the Māori rate has been significantly higher; rapid progress in the evaluation policy for the benefit of consistency has been measured as a contribution of approximately $200 million to the company from the Bé operations alone throughout the year, which represents a long-term stability for the management of the business and a steady increase in the output of the individual staff.
Qualitative, as a talent-intensive industry, talent is the firm’s core competitiveness. The technical employee’s annual output, Téténétaire, completes and extends to the medical device cro. The company has completed the synthesizing table for TétónTeréré, which, based on the actual performance contribution of 2016, has increased relative returns per share in 2016 since the acquisition was completed.
18.27 per cent. Completion of the layout of the medical equipmentcro field, rapid sharing of the growth of the medical equipment industry, faster implementation of the policy, smaller and older orders for large clinical operations, and a higher rate of gain per share of JedonTerry will result in a direct benefit to the company, with the first “uptake” rating for coverage.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is exempt from duty on the 6th day of China's free trade test.
Mid China Sea International Finance Research, 17th Avenue, Tiger Medicine: National Crow Leader, Policy Beneficiaries for Consistency Evaluation
Cro (contract research organization, research research organization) is an academic or commercial organization responsible for all or part of scientific or medical experiments in drug research and development on behalf of its clients; it is a product of a more professional and risk-neutral division of labour in pharmaceutical research and development.
Throughout history, the crón industry has grown rapidly in less than 40 years to become an essential part of the pharmaceutical research and development chain. According to frost&sulliván, the crón industry has now taken on more than half of the new drug research and development work globally.
Cirque, the global penetration rate of cro is growing rapidly. According to estimates by bcg and icon, the market size of cro in 2013 was approximately $28 billion, and the share of R & D outsourcing in the overall outsourcing market was as high as 47% ( penetration rate) and would reach $40 billion in 2020, with penetration rates of $40 billion.
In addition, in the twenty-first century, with the global rise in patent drugs, large pharmaceutical companies are working on a rapid increase in the number of drugs and outsourcing of some of their research and development through the selection of contract research organizations.
In China’s market, demand has expanded significantly. In particular, the health-care industry has shown a strong upward trend, in the context of China’s economy as a whole, which remains stable at a high rate of growth in China.
According to data from the English Journal of Medicine 2014, our research and development expenditure on biomedicals grew at an annual compound rate of 33 per cent between 2007 and 2012, well above the negative growth levels in developed countries such as Europe and North America.
China’s co-market has a huge potential for growth, influenced by such factors as the increase in research and development inputs from pharmaceutical companies, the increase in penetration rates, and policies. By 2020, China’s co-market is expected to be larger than 87 billion yuan, based on an average annual growth rate of 20%.
Teg medicines were established in 2004 and successfully placed in the market in 2012. From the start of the company, the size of the assets and operations of the Department has been expanding and has grown into a leading coro enterprise in the country.
All-round services such as science and biostatistics, registration and declarations.
• The establishment of the Shanghai Tiger Medicines — the establishment of the Hunan Taghya — the acquisition of Mesda (Shanghai)
• The company is on the market, the Shanghai Teg Medical Consultant, and the Hangzhou British Biological Establishment — the United States of America bdm, the United States of America bdm, the United States of America bdm, the United States of America, the United States of America and the United States of America.
• Acquisition of Fonda Medicine, Conlivar, Korea’s dreamcis – Acquisition of Northern Medical Ingenuity
• The acquisition of the current main business of Tétun Teri is divided into clinical test technical services and advisory services related to clinical research.
The main tasks include the design of clinical trials, the screening and selection of researchers and research centres, the convening of researcher meetings, the submission of ethics committees, the preparation and initiation of trials, the monitoring and conduct of clinical trials throughout the process.
Management, audit of clinical trials and preparation of summary reports on clinical trials. In the first half of 2017, the company ' s income from clinical laboratory technical services was 44.61 per cent of the income from the main business.
Statistical Analysis Service, Registered Declaration Service, Clinical Trial Field Service, Smo Service, Medical Sasakawa Financial Research Service, Testing Service, 1st Clinical Analysis Testing Service, Clinical Translation Service, Medical Video Diagnostic Service
Services, clinical training and inspection services, clinical logistics, etc. Crow industry chains are wide-ranging, and the international multi-centre clinical layout industry chains include the discovery of early new chemical entities, new prescriptions or new pharmaceutical products.
Screening, medium-term pre-clinical research services and clinical research services, and later agency registrations for pharmaceutical companies. In countries with high maturity in the cro industry, such as Europe and America, the cro industry’s industrial chain extends even to services such as marketing of medicines.
At every stage of the development of new medicines, Cro can provide pharmaceutical companies with technical results Conversion services, including the transfer of patents for new medicines development and the transfer of pharmaceutical technology results.
For pharmaceutical enterprises, pharmaceutical enterprises, medical equipment enterprises, health-care enterprises, and their figure 3: Chart of the relationship between the co-industry and the downstream, the company ' s clinical research business was fully operational before the acquisition of medicines in 2014 in the Tegs.
As much as the vast majority of domestic and international pharmaceutical companies require clinical research, the services include almost all of the clinical trials offered in my country's gcp. After the acquisition, the company further refined its services in the area of pre-clinical research in the industrial chain and early clinical research, especially in the hierarchies.
It marks the transformation of the company’s crón with clinical research as its core business to the integrated crón, completing extensive coverage of the product class crón industrial chain. In May 2017, the company completed the cologne of the domestic medical apparatus through targeted surges.
Tetum Terry's acquisition extended the chain of operations from the end of a drug to the end of a medical device once again. In the first half of the year, Tetun Teri was integrated into a business income of $8.485 million and incorporated into a parent company with a net profit of $3.34998 million.
Over the years, companies have continued to refine their own layout in the industry chain of the cro industry, and at the same time, they are actively expanding their market share in the top of the industry chain with the highest rates of profitability, which includes central laboratories and international multi-centre clinical trials.
Central laboratory tests of the company ' s i-iv drug clinical trials were conducted mainly through the company ' s core subsidiary, and in August 2011, the laboratory set up a quality management system in response to Iso 15189 and cap requirements.
Kawakawa Finance Research and Effective Operation, certified by the American Society of Pathologists (CAP) in June 2013, acquired laboratory qualifications at level I of the US Diabetes Standardization Program (ngsp) in January 2014.
In May 2015, it was reviewed by the American Society of Pathologists (cap); the centre actually completed the expansion of the laboratory at the end of 2014, expanding the laboratory area from the original 180 squares to 700 squares, and testing projects covered clinical biochemistry, blood clogged blood, urine, respectively.
Subjects such as liquids, clinical immunology, molecular biology, and the introduction of state-of-the-art instruments such as diagnostics of molecules at the international level, have further expanded and enhanced laboratory services in the laboratory of the centres for the detection of tumours, hepatitis, diabetes and biomarker biomarkers.
On the other hand, since 2015, the company has been in contact with Dean’s diagnostics to explore the Chinese model of a co-building centre laboratory for clinical co-testing, with the aim of building the country’s top central laboratory and a platform for integrated clinical services.
In March, the company officially registered with Dean to establish a joint venture, Shanghaiwatch Medicine Technology Limited, and in September of the same year, adopted a field review by the American Society of Pathologists (cap), which provides the highest international quality standards for customers in the biomedical, medical and diagnostic industries.
Parametric testing data service, now a central laboratory in the country and co-operative with cro, Figure 5: Cap Certification of the American Society of Pathology, Figure 6: ngsp Level I Laboratory Certification in the United States
In terms of bioanalysis laboratories, the company has two major bioanalysis laboratories: Fonda and Hunanyan in Shanghai, where Fonda has the leading biological sample analysis technology in the country, trained professionals and state-of-the-art equipment that can provide a high-quality, comprehensive range of clients.
Services. As the bioequivalency test (be) filing and consistency evaluation proceed, it is believed that companies with high-quality bioanalysis operations will get more orders. On the other hand, the company's bioanalysis laboratory is not only of high quality in technology, equipment and staffing, but also of high quality.
The quality and compliance aspects were also highlighted, with the first Cfda on-site verifications carried out by the Shanghai Fonda and Taghya Bioanalytical Centres projects since the National Drug Surveillance Authority intensified its efforts to verify clinical trials.
The company has also improved the quality of the bed trials and moved to the international multi-centre clinical layout, building on the basis of improved laboratory construction and the exploration of related cooperative models. The central laboratory can be said to be an essential route to improving the quality of the trials and the international multi-centre clinical layout. It can effectively address each.
Inconsistencies in the standards of testing at a clinical centre, differences in the quality of testing and the number of tests, are also important components of quality assurance in clinical trials. In 2015, the company completed the acquisition of Korea’s large-scale clinical model, dreamcis, plus Hong Kong, Australia, and Singapore.
As of the end of 2016, the company had been involved in more than 100 international multi-centre clinical trials, one of the few indigenous cro companies that could afford international multi-centre clinical trials.
With the accumulated experience of international multi-centre clinical pilot projects, companies will receive more orders for international multi-centre clinical trials.
In March 2016, the National Food and Drug Supervisory Authority issued a request for advice on the implementation of the Office of the Department of State's assessment of the quality and efficacy of generic medicines.
This large-scale consistency evaluation, launched in Japan in 1998, drew mainly on the United States bio-equivalency evaluation in the 1970s, and on the “Pharma Quality Re-evaluation Project” launched in Japan in 1998.
Consistency evaluation, i.e., the rate of absorption of generic drugs by humans in the same type, dose, structure, active ingredient and mode of delivery as the original research agent
The degree and extent of the drug should also be consistent with the original drug, and the treatment and safety effects should be the same as the original drug. i.e., the generic drug should achieve the same pharmacological and biological equivalency as the original drug.
In order to actively encourage pharmaceutical companies to participate in consistency evaluations, the document specifically mentions that the social security sector will give appropriate support to the payment of health insurance for pharmaceutical varieties that are evaluated through consistency, and that medical institutions should give priority to procurement and clinical selection.
More than three companies have been produced, and the health-care sector no longer selects non-consistently evaluated varieties in the centralized procurement of medicines, etc. The National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority also published its first assessment of the need for generic consistency.
A list of the types of chemicals that have been approved for listing by October 2007 includes 289 varieties, 17740 approvals or registrations covering 1817 cases.
As of August 2017, a total of 5,655 documents had been filed, including 248 varieties, 2,890 batches and 85.8% of base medicines in the “289” series.
A filing statement has been completed, with an average of 11.7 filing applications per species; normally, the enterprise begins with the initial identification of the consistency evaluation variety and then goes through the selection of reference formulations, be file and test, IDA verification data, drug inspection agency inspection, provincial site
Inspection, consideration by the final report cfda Consistency Evaluation Office and the Committee of Experts, in general, it took almost two years to complete the evaluation of consistency. By the end of 2018, there were less than one and a half years left, and 41 other varieties in the “289” base list had not been completed.
As a result, the consistency evaluation is not only strong, but also urgent. Most of the “289” are expected to be implemented.
The product with the approved symbol in the catalogue will not be able to complete the consistency evaluation work by 2018. Given the heavy task and the tight time frame of the evaluation of consistency, there are not many companies in the country that can afford to carry out a one-time evaluation of pharmaceuticals, even if they have researchers and clinics.
Companies with central resources may also be able to outsource the business to more experienced and resource-based cro enterprises, especially those with larger clinical resources, for reasons such as the need for consistency in the evaluation of drug varieties within the enterprise.
As a leading domestic coro company, Tag medicine has significant clinical resources, but in contrast to the overall need for a sexual assessment, it is “less than demand” and corporate orders have been saturated. And, at the hospital level, after the “7.22 self-checking” of the previous year, it has been motivated.
In part, many hospitals qualified for clinical trials are involved. For the end of the year, there are only 20 more. For the company, there are now 20 clinical trials with the base, each providing about 20 beds, depending on the number of patients per project.
The amount and length of the blood cycle vary, and up to five be projects can be completed in a year, which means that the company can complete about 80 projects with a revenue of around $2.5 million per project. Be alone can contribute around $200 million a year, which was last year.
Five times the gross revenue of a business. And managed, led by company management, the Be Lead Group is formed to integrate the resources of the parent company, Kaging Taig, Fonda Medicine, and form a dedicated financial research team.
Be's business will be a bright spot in the company's performance in 2017, with a non-recurrent gain or gain of $14.96 million in the first half of the year, mainly from the share-sharing company Xinjiang Tae-eun, a partnership (limited partnership) that transfers limited access to Tetun-Terrey pharmaceutical technology.
The Department’s shareholdings, the net return on the company’s share transfer tax is about $12.36 million, and the return on investment has less impact on net profits. Thus, the growth of the main business, represented by clinical trial technical services, was the main reason for the company’s return to high performance growth in the first half of the year.
Core competitiveness: management is stable over the long term, individual staff output continues to rise, core management is stable over the long term, and the company is experienced in the industry, and the firm actually controls Mr. Ye Xiaoping and Ms. Tsao Xiaochun, the vice president of the board, shares.
Not to mention 26.82% and 9.44%. The company’s actual controllers have been engaged for years in research and management of pharmaceutical clinical research and management, which is conducive to the right direction of the company’s development. Mr. Ye Xiaoping, a Ph.D. from Oxford University, has served as Director-General of the West An Youngson Pharmaceuticals and Shanghai Pharmacy Registry; and Mr. Cao Xiaochun.
Ms. Pharmacist, Deputy Senior Engineer, formerly worked in Chinese-American East Pharmaceuticals, Hangzhou, and Hangzhou 9 source genetic engineering, and since 2009, the company has maintained a very strong core management for eight years.
There has been no change in management except for Ms. Chen Jiaxuan, who took over the post of Chief Financial Officer in 2014, and the retirement of Deputy General Manager Xu Jia Lin. Table 1. Changes in senior management of the company, 2009 - 2016
Such a stable and long-term management would not only allow for long-term coherence in corporate development strategies, but would also show that companies have a prominent advantage in terms of remuneration, institutions and prospects for development, and, more importantly, as an expression of corporate cohesion. On the other hand, the current management of companies comes mainly from transnational sources.
The pharmaceutical industry, or the drug research and development sector of the leading domestic pharmaceutical industry, has a wealth of pharmaceutical expertise and clinical research experience, and some of the executives are involved in the United States and Asia-Pacific region. This management team, with international professional experience and perspectives, has grown into the company’s most powerful.
Table 2. Industry experience of senior management of the company. Successful implementation of the Staff Holding Scheme and stabilization of the company core team.
The introduction of the Staff Holdings Plan, which proposes to raise a total of $150 million to buy about 2.38 per cent of the stock on a cap basis, with no more than 200 participants, including the Deputy General Manager, the Director of Finance and the Inspector General, will help to stabilize the core talent of the company, while also reflecting the core of the company.
The company's clinical laboratory professionals and individual output are expected to rise again.
The key factors of production for operating services are also the firm’s core competitiveness. By the end of 2016, 705 people had a public education degree, 87.86% of those in undergraduate and higher studies, and more than 100 people had access to clinical testing.
Figure 13: Professional composition of company employees Figure 14: Educational composition of company employees
Among them, clinical test professionals are fundamental to the development of the company, especially in the face of the fierce competition in the pharmaceutical research and development market, the company attracts a large number of clinical trial professionals through selection, nurturing, retention, motivation, etc.
Shortfalls, high mobility, etc., have also developed and implemented targeted training programmes, including the new staff development programme, the project leader training programme, the professional skills development programme, the management training programme, etc., to improve the management capacity, skills and skills of the corporate management team.
The project management capacity of talent and the workforce skills. Corporate activity expanded steadily in 2009-2016, with a rapid increase in the total number of employees from the initial 241 to 2,422, up to 39.05% in cagr. At the same time, the annual output of individual companies is to some extent mentioned.
Increased, with a single-man output of technicians, the continued increase in the output of single-person technicians of 420,000 yuan per person in 2013 will be a decisive sign of the company ' s high-quality growth and a realistic demonstration of the firm ' s core competitiveness. We believe that, with the efficiency of its internal operations,
The scale and the quality of the company's profits: the test of verification, the beginning of a new era of price upgrading, the clarity of the company's business with its subsidiaries and the experience of the industry.
The Clinical Trial Technical Service is one of the main services provided by the company and covers all clinical trials from the lynch to the iv period. The work covers the entire process of clinical trials, including pre-test preparation, selection of suitable clinical trial research institutions and researchers: assistance to the applicant in preparing
Consideration by the Ethics Committee: design and development of clinical trial programmes with applicants, researchers: management of experimental drugs such as test drugs, standard products, control drugs or placebos; organization, monitoring of clinical trials, safeguarding the rights and interests of the subjects and the integrity of test records and data
Establishment of quality control and quality assurance systems for clinical trials and organization of audits of trials; Collection of clinical trial data and preparation of clinical trial summary reports.
As a result, the company has a well-developed quality management and quality control system to ensure that the project process meets the requirements of Ich-gcp and China gcp, and has access to high-quality clinical research data that fully meet the needs of international and domestic clients in clinical trials of pharmaceutical products.
In addition, the company ' s extensive experience in clinical project management, good hospital partnerships and a wide range of agencies, rapid support to research centres in monitoring clinical research data in a timely manner, efficient operation of all types of clinical trials, and optimal management of large samples and large-scale clinical trials
The company's clinical trial technical services are mainly operated by the following subsidiaries: North Medical Intelligents predominantly responsible for aro, Cardio and the new iv clinical trial technical services from the past; Hunantek is the main provider of clinical trials technical services and phase analysis tests.
Business; Fonda Medicine and Korea ' s dreamcis operations include all clinical trial services from i to iv; the company owner and Shanghai Tag are the main providers of ii-iv clinical trials; in addition, the company ' s Singapore, Malaysia, Canada, Australia, United States, etc.
The company also provides its clients with overseas clinical technical services. 39.97 per cent of its length, with the addition of Korea’s new subsidiaries, Dreamcis and Northern Medical Ingenuity, and the Division’s revenue growth in 2016 was only 9.63 per cent compared to the same period the previous year, which continues to decline.
The main reason for the decline in revenues from the company ' s clinical laboratory technical services operations in 2016 was the publication by the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority of the Act on the Conduct of Clinical Medicines on 22 July 2015.
Pilot data self-checking verification bulletins, the opening of large-scale self-check verifications in the industry, the slowdown in progress of clinical pilot projects during the company's verification, the increase in the project's workload, the increase in revenue recognition, and the delay in the collection of revenues from the Māori ratio of the company's clinical trial technical services category
A review of the large-scale self-censorship in the industry has not only led to the withdrawal of a large number of registered applicants from applications for drugs, but also to the release of dozens of medicines by the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority.
Of these, 1,310 registered applicants voluntarily withdrew their applications for registration on the basis of genuineness, while 313 applications for registration of medicines were finally verified by the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority and 38 were registered.
The requested clinical trial data are suspected of data forgery, including 16 applications for registration of new medicines, 17 applications for copycats, and 5 applications for registration of imported medicines. The Directorate-General has issued a public announcement that 30 of these institutions and contract research organizations (cro) have been opened for investigation: no information has been submitted directly and no information has been submitted on their own.
Ten more have been approved for registration. A total of 1350 of these cases, or 76.06 per cent of the total number of cases for which clinical verifications have been waived, are not approved or withdrawn; however, the short-term pains of this industry are bound to affect the entire industry and the field of clinical trials in medicine.
As the industry environment continues to be purified, and the triumphs and failures opened, it is hoped that the concentration of the industry will increase significantly, thus creating a basis for the growth of the industry’s leading enterprises to reach far higher levels. On the one hand, a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have insufficient managerial capacity for their projects.
In the absence of industry experience, industry resources and customer resources will increasingly be tilted towards domestic claves; on the other hand, domestic boroughs will actively expand international markets, taking over international centres, by taking advantage of brands, capital, project management, risk resistance, etc.
The industry’s long-standing pattern of strong players is expected to become even more prominent. The old orders are slow, the Māori rate is back on the rise, and the company’s subsidiary, Hunan Tagger, has taken over three projects by the state as a bio-equivalency unit.
The FDA does not approve registration, and some of the products have been withdrawn on its own initiative. The main reason for the handling of the clinical pilot project by the National FDA and the company itself is that the hospital did not open the hes system to the company during the clinical trial, and the company did not have it.
Direct and effective management of clinical trial data, rather than corporate quality management system issues. National Food and Drug Regulatory Authority self-check verification activities on clinical trials directly led to corporate research on corporate wealth
The slow pace of progress in the operation of clinical trial technical services, the increase in project workload and the increase in manpower costs have led to a decline in the Māori rate for the company ' s clinical trial technical services category. The company ' s new signings for 2016 have been adjusted to take this factor fully into account, but due to the duration of the clinical trial contract service
Over a longer period, usually three years, the Māori rate for previously signed projects will also be felt during service, with an income recognition rate of approximately 3:4:3 and the old contract will still affect the Māori rate for the year of implementation.
A number of measures to improve efficiency, reduce human costs and integrate human resources both within and outside the country. From the first half of the year, the average Māori rate of companies rose to 43.15 per cent, and the Māori rate of company-owned operations rose to Fonda Medicine: coverage of the pre-clinical market, with high performance contributions
The international cro company, which covers the pre-clinical market, is a cro company with operations in the United States and China, mainly in cmc, bioanalysis, i phase clinical trials, etc., whose subsidiary has a national lead in Shanghai.
Biosampling techniques, skilled professionals and state-of-the-art equipment to provide a high-quality, comprehensive range of services to clients.
cmc is also referred to as the development of pharmaceutical formulations and consists mainly of gmp analytical services (including the establishment and validation of methods), the development of finished medicines (quick release and slow release types), the production of gmp clinical drugs (cactile and non-bacteric types) and the production of gmp standard api and organic synthesis.
The comc laboratory for medicine and the gmp-type laboratory are located in the city of Lexton, Pennsylvania, and in Jiangsusu, China, where laboratories in the United States and China follow the same sop quality system, which allows for the study of Kawachi.
Methodological transfers and data declarations between US and US laboratories, and several audits of US and US laboratories through US fda, Chinese cfda and WHO. Bioanalysis mainly includes lc/ms/ms and gc/ms methodological development and validation, clinical students
Marker and immunopathological testing services, development and validation of biomarker analysis methods, drug surrodynamic/pharmacological evaluation, run-water sample management and processing, and advice on drug management and legal and regulatory matters.
The team technicians have extensive glp lab work experience, of which about 45 are in the United States, 20 are in Shanghai labs, and over 70% are masters.
The company's bioanalytic lab in the United States, with 22,000 square feet of land, is the largest laboratory in the eastern part of the United States.
One; the bioanalysis laboratory located in China, which also occupies about 16,000 square feet, is one of China’s largest laboratories of its kind.cCmc pharmaceutical products development and bioanalysis can serve the entire drug research and development process, as well as the previous one.
The company’s business is effectively complementary, filling and expanding the company’s chain of industrial services. On the other hand, Fangda’s medicine and the company’s subjects have been working together to create a one-stop shop for the company, and the company’s profitability, combined competitiveness and internationalization have been effectively enhanced.
It also lays the foundation for companies to accelerate their emergence as the Asia-Pacific region’s leader. Performance contributions are high, growth is stable, Fangda medicine is targeted for corporate restructuring in 2014, making important contributions to the company’s performance.
In 2016, Fonda earned $371 million in operating income from medicine, representing 53.92 per cent of the income from consulting services related to the company ' s clinical research. As of the first half of 2017, Fonda earned $248.01 million in operating medicine, resulting in a net profit acquisition of RMB 54.631 million.
In 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, Fonda Medicine committed to a corporate contribution tax 82.98 per cent of annual performance commitments in 2015 and 2016, respectively, and, according to data for the first half of 2017, revenue from corporate statistical analysis services operations accounted for the main business.
The share of revenue was 14.79 per cent, the highest operating block of the company in addition to clinical laboratory technical services and Fangda pharmaceutical bioanalysis, cmc services.
The operating income is recognized faster than that of large clinical operations and can normally be completed within one year. In addition, the Department has developed clinical data collection systems, clinical data statistical analysis systems, clinical inspection data management systems, clinical research database systems, and cdms clinical data management systems.
We believe that the company ' s upgrading of systems such as data collection, clinical data statistical analysis, data management, etc. will effectively improve the quality of clinical trial data management and statistical analysis services, providing technical support and assurance for statistical analysis of data for high-end client groups within and outside the country.
Tétun Teri completes the table and extends to the medical device cro Tétón terre: the small and specialized medical device cro tap, and the main battalion operation in Jétón Tétére is in the same business as Cro, which is the lead in the country in focusing on medical care.
The central service of the machine ' s coro company is to provide the required clinical research outsourcing services for the development of related medical instruments products at the medical equipment enterprise (including vd), mainly medical devices services.
The subsidiaries of Tetun Teri are one of the first professional services in the country to work on medical devices, pharmaceutical registration advice, and clinical laboratory research.
The company’s operations cover a wide range of areas such as osteoporology, diagnostic reagents, gynaecology, images, radiation, intra-theatrics, cardiovasculars, etc. Over 80 clinical studies have been completed cumulatively by 2015. Due to good credibility and detailed professional services, the company is now in the process of completing a clinical study.
Over 3,000 manufacturers in 36 countries have established long-term and stable partnerships, with a cumulative record of more than 3,000 products registered at home and abroad. After more than a decade of industrial accumulation, companies have created a database of 400,000 medical technicians with information and specialized medical expertise.
A detailed breakdown of industry, nature of work and geographical area has been made, not only as a large number of well-known medical equipment enterprises, but also as a designated provider of talent services, as well as as as a company's registered declaration business, clinical trial research services, and Jetun Teri completed, with a gain of 18.27 per cent per share.
In order to complete the acquisition of Téton Teri, the company intends to make a non-public offer of up to 30 million shares to a specific target, raise a total of up to $63 million, and, after deducting the cost of distribution, spend all of it on the purchase of 100% of Téton Teri Medicine and Technology Ltd. in Tyton.
In April, the CSRC formally approved the approval of the company for the release of this non-public application, and the company ' s business structure was further extended, extending from pharmaceutical to medical devices. Tetun Teri ' s performance commitment was 48 million for 2017-2018, respectively.
The high growth of medical equipment and the sharing of industrial growth dividends, as can be seen from the data from our Ministry of Science and Technology's “12th Five-Year Plan” for the Medical Equipment Industry, show that the global medical equipment industry has been growing rapidly and steadily in recent years, on average.
About 7%, about twice the growth rate of the national economy over the same period. The market space for the medical appliances industry is huge. Moreover, according to projections from the evaluatemedtech, the global market for medical devices was estimated at $363.8 billion in 2013 and is expected to grow to $514 billion in 2020.
China's medical equipment industry started late, but as the reform of the country's health-care system continued to deepen and intensify its policy of encouraging private hospitals and primary health-care institutions, the domestic market for medical equipment grew rapidly, rising from 120 billion yuan in 2010.
By 2017, 441.7 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 20 per cent, had been significantly higher than the global medical service, while completing the layout of the medical equipment corro, enabling the company to quickly share medical equipment, intervene in innovative drug research and development, and launch the “innovation” crro.
Tag medicine has the most extensive clinical research experience in the country on innovative medicines, services in clinical research, and a wide range of areas of disease: the company's clinical research operations include almost all the clinical trials presented in our country's gcp, including ethics committee referrals, researchers' choices, trials.
The design of testing programmes, testing inspections, management of clinical test data collection, statistical analysis and reporting of tests, management of experimental drugs, etc., can satisfy the vast majority of domestic and international pharmaceutical companies that have completed research projects covering hepatitis, tumours, cardiovascular diseases, etc.
In the context of the radical reform of our innovative drug policy, the Directorate-General of Dietary Surveillance is gradually aligning itself with the International Review System, in which the implementation of a priority review policy would be of great benefit to research- and development-oriented enterprises, on the one hand.
On the other hand, the success rate of an innovative drug is bound to fall considerably. The guarantee of a success rate is a guarantee of the time when a new drug is on the market, and the guarantee of the time when a new drug is on the market is equal to the guarantee of profit.
As a result, pharmaceutical companies prioritize working with more innovative clinical experience and extensive clinical resources. As of September 2016, companies have been involved in more than 100 domestic clinical trials of innovative medicines, leading national competitions, and are known as "innovation."
At the same time, companies are more interested in serving innovative drug leaders, after all, they have a higher level of research and development of new drugs than industry averages, and a relatively higher success rate in clinical trials. So, companies, in the form of investment in equity or strategic collaboration, pre-bound drugs for clinical trials of their new drugs.
Quality orders were obtained before expanding core competitiveness to the front end of the industrial chain. 2017, Cro’s capital year, August, when a new drug focused on pre-cro markets will be traded on the market.
At the same time, drug-sung organisms went to the market, and drug-ming Kandeh, Conron, Medisi, etc. were declared centrally, and the M&As were reorganised with smart chemistry. This year’s intensive capital operations in the crón industry contrasted sharply with the past, when there were few cro businesses in the market.
Research and development is becoming more and more hot, like the rapid advance of a consistent evaluation policy for pharmaceuticals, coupled with a review of drugs, and the growing scientific pragmatism of regulatory policies. Yet, while all these are known as cro companies, the main business is not the same between them.
There's a relative focus on clinical services for both the tag and the Bozi medicine. The Taig medicine is a clinical development service, with non-clinical services and gmp counselling services following the acquisition of Fangda and Condolence; Bozi medicine is also clinical and non-clinical, same.
The average number of people in the health care sector is 56.38 times the median.
Corporate valuations still have some scope for upswing; at the same time, the cro industry experienced industry ice points last year, and this year ' s consistency evaluation policy has been accelerated, big clinical orders have been slow, quick, and every increase in profits from Tung-Terry will be a direct benefit to the company, and the company ' s performance will be positive.
For the first time in a period of high growth, we have given them an “enhanced” investment rating.A consistency evaluation policy has been pursued less than expected.A similar pharmaceutical consistency evaluation policy has been pursued less than expected.
The company has undertaken more mergers and acquisitions to develop overseas operations and set up international multi-centre clinical services, which, if poorly integrated, may affect the company’s level of profitability and average Māori ratio.
The company’s overseas operations are larger, with orders settled in foreign currencies. If the exchange rate continues to fluctuate, it may have an impact on the company’s performance.
The law, using legally compliant information, provides the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its contents and opinions.