Research Centre for Resources and the Environment (RCRE) Hydrolysis aluminium with scarce growth targets, carbon-beneficiaries, 20-year annual reports from companies, 29,573 million yuan, an increase of 21.78 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother
The construction of major projects has been successful and production costs have fallen somewhat: with the construction of the seagulls, silhouettes, Mansan hydroelectric and aluminium projects, the company ' s hydroelectric and aluminium capacity increased to 2.78 million tons in late 20 years, yielding 2.42 million tons, an increase of 28 per cent compared to the previous year, and the start-up of new production contributed significantly to the company ' s performance.
Taxes. 1 1978 ton, 5% to year, 10,268 ton per unit production cost (excluding taxes), 6% to year. Corporate costs have increased as aluminium oxide prices have fallen and production and management indicators have been optimized.
1. " Maximum electrolysis aluminum elasticity, basic improvements in the beneficiary sector -- APR report, 2020.7.21 Increase of $0.024, new energy prices of about $ 0.28/kWh, new energy availability contributing to stability
2. " Green hydroelectric aluminum taps, profit-for-remediation -- cloud-based energy ceilings " , where corporate growth attributes are scarce: companies are a rare growth indicator in the industry as domestic electrolytic aluminum energy ceilings emerge. The company ' s total electrolytic aluminium production capacity is 3.2 million tons, of which construction is under way.
The company is expected to produce 2.87 million tons of electrolytic aluminium in 21 years, an increase of 19 per cent over 20 years. Moreover, the company has completed a competitive purchase of 135,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium in Shandong Huawoo, and will continue to grow from 3.2 million tons after the target transfer has been completed.
The company’s energy structure is hydropower, with low carbon neutrality and scarcity of hydroelectric aluminium products in the context of carbon: the company’s location is cloudy, and the energy structure is all hydropower and grid power, which is significantly different from the energy structure of the country, which is predominantly thermal, home-made. The carbon emissions of hydropower aluminium are only 20% of the coal-fired aluminium, with domestic carbon trading being carried out.
The impact on the cost of hydroelectric aluminium is limited, and there is a low likelihood that it will be affected by the costs associated with self-contained power plants. A new round of supply-side reforms has been initiated, taking into account the trend in aluminium prices: about 41 million tons of domestic electrolytic aluminium production at the end of the 20-year period, about 92 per cent of capacity utilization, and about 4.7 per cent of demand growth, in a context of close to the ceiling.
The delay in cleaning up irregular and new production capacity will exacerbate domestic supply constraints.21 Domestic aluminium prices (including taxes) rose from $15,475 to $17,535 at the beginning of the year, a 13 per cent increase, and a quarter for Feng Mengang.
Global epidemic repeats; the Fed tightens liquidity; new project extensions; safety and environmental risks.