Company review report  Non-ferrous metal industry with high performance, carbon neutral and lower electrolytic aluminium industry with the highest shares in aluminium (000807.sz)
In the reporting period, the company accelerated the construction of the priority projects, and in the case of aluminium-spills, the company speeded up the construction of the projects, as well as in the case of aluminium-spills and aluminium-spills.
Phase II projects 220,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production, 500,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production, and 350,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium production, respectively, of the 2nd phase of the project. The release of new production capacity brought the company ' s electrolytic aluminium production to 2,406.3 million tons in 2020, a year-on-year increase.
27%. With the completion of a series of company projects, the company’s construction of a green whole-of-industry model for the processing of bauxite-aluminium oxide-carbon-aluminium- electrolyte-aluminium-aluminium-aluminium, which is to be completed by the end of 2021, the company will form 2.5 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, electrolysis.
The company expects to increase the production of electrolytic aluminium to 2.87 million in 2021, with lower costs and higher profitability. According to Kiwakawa, domestic electrolytic aluminium prices rose by 1.9 to 1484 tons per year in 2020, while domestic aluminium oxides increased by 1.90 to 1484 tons per year.
Prices fell by 12.62 per cent to $2325 per ton over the same period, and domestic prices of precipitous apogee fell by 5.81 per cent to $3414 per ton over the same period. The rise in the price of electrolytic aluminium and the decrease in costs resulted in a 1.43 percentage point to 16.15 per cent increase in the Māori rate for the company ' s electrolytic aluminium business over the reporting period.
The Māori sales rate rose by 0.84 percentage points to 14.20% over the same period, and corporate profitability was enhanced. Corporate competitiveness was significantly enhanced under the “carbon neutrality” policy. Electrolysis aluminium is an energy-consuming industry, with domestic production consuming 13,500 degrees of electricity per ton of electrolytic aluminium.
About 90% of the production comes from coal power, with 130,000 tonnes of CO2 per ton of coal-fired aluminium produced on a date. The total CO2 emissions from the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry in 2020 were about 426 million tonnes. 5% of the country ' s total net CO2 emissions.
With the government focusing its efforts, the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry will be a regulatory priority for energy consumption and reduction. The company will be located in Yunnan, where it will basically achieve full-scale hydropower production.
The competitive advantage of the company in the electrolytic aluminium industry will be significantly enhanced in the light of the limited growth in the capacity of the decomposition aluminium industry, the reduction in the price of light aluminium and the increase in the cost of production in carbon trading. Investment proposal: The current total capacity of the domestic electrolytic aluminium industry is close to the capacity of the supply-side reform.
Aluminium oxide production is more than surplus to electrolytic aluminium, making the aluminium industry chain profitable.
A greater shift in the lubricant structure to the electrolytic aluminium chain guarantees the profitability of the electrolytic aluminium industry. As a hydroelectric aluminium company that uses clean energy, companies are less affected by energy consumption constraints and the cost of increasing carbon trading, and the competitive advantage of the industry is highlighted in the context of “middle carbon” and “carbon peaks”.
(3) The demand for aluminium downstream has fallen significantly; (4) the company’s new production capacity has fallen short of expectations. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.