The road to the upper part of the car is bound to be bumpy, and the firm conviction will eventually succeed (the Pacific Car 2019) event: recent market rumours of the Great Wall car wey and Hafer going online.
From the perspective of the distributor: January-February 2019, we estimate the current number of Wey 4s stores at around 200, single shops at around 80 in January-February, and this level, coupled with sound business policy, wey products.
From the perspective of the Wall, the high-end branding road cannot be shaken, the distribution of branch brands must be chosen, and there is no incentive to merge the network.
The high-end road to brands is bound to be bumpy. The 15-20 million price layout is crucial. The autonomous brand model used to be concentrated in low-priced areas, but the current trend in the car market is demand-side consumption structures, supply-side luxury brand prices, so the high-end brand path is a necessary choice for the autonomous brand.
The weight of the brand is crucial in the 15-20 million price range, and the light-luxury brand image of Wey, which has been gradually accepted by some consumers, is a more interesting result of the hidden sales.
The first step in wey is not surprising, but it has also reaped its unique results. From vv7, total market value/flow (millions of dollars) vv5 was sold for more than a million months when it first came to the market, the current vv6 has been sold for about 6,000 months.
Ping, while there is still a distance from the Huff H6 and F7 best-selling model, his own brand is already a relatively good success compared to it, especially in the 15-20 million price range. Branding will take time, and firm belief will eventually succeed.
The potential for the first generation of products, the subsequent re-financing, is still very high, and there is room for further year-long strategic recommendations for product lines - 2019/03/12 Rich space for building a car brand that requires several generations of classic product sediments, and it is now asserted that wey
It's too early to be successful with the Great Wall Car 601633, the New Energy Practical Pioneer.
Strategic Recommendations - 2019/03/09 The Great Wall Car (601633) The Cold Spring, February Sales in the Industry as a whole is still low, but the demand in the Sector will recover gradually in the second half of the year.
Quantities continue against the market - 2019/03/08 One of the Autonomous Brand Lead Enterprises, we continue to propose strategies to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report