The year's performance was almost equal, and the f series brought new weather to the year 2018.
Product preferences have led to a decline in the Māori rate in the second half of the year and an improvement in the cost rate throughout the year, which has been reduced by the industry as a whole. With regard to Māori, the company’s increase in product preferences has led to a gross increase in R&D costs and interest earnings on funds in the second half of the year, R&D costs and financial costs.
The M6 and f series showed good market performance and continued to contribute to the growth of several new car sales of the Huff brand for 19 years, with M6 selling 7.3 million vehicles year-round, an increase of 105.84 per cent, while the 18-year launch of the f series rejuvenates, two new car models, f5,
The monthly sales have risen steadily since the first quarter of the f74 season, with sales out of 10,000 at the end of the year reaching 23.4 million and 17.1 million for the year as a whole, partially offsetting the decline in sales of old models. The cumulative sales of three models have reached 17.1 million vehicles, 0.72 million vehicles, 25.7 million vehicles, and 17.7 million vehicles, respectively, since this year.
The company launched the first plug-in hybrid motor vehicle p8 in 2018 and the pure electric motor vehicle, the iq of the Ora's first vehicle came to the market in September and sold 3515 vehicles a year, the end of the year.
Two R1s are on the market, and the cumulative sales of the two models have reached 7,065 since this year. According to the new bus plan, this year the company will launch new new energy models such as Weyp8gt, Euraar2 and the last six months of stock as compared to the depth of 300.
The company’s joint venture with BMW’s lumber car program produces BMW Mini and its own branded electric cars, and enhances the competitiveness of the company’s new energy business. Car sales are not as risky as expected: industrial policies are not as risky as expected, etc.
Date of initial report: March 25, 2019. Research by a yellowman. Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.