In February, sales continued against the market: on 7 March, the company released its February 2019 Express, bringing the total sales to the end of the month.
In February, sales went up against the market, with a new-sale-type high-speed newscast. The company’s sales grew by 18.34 per cent in February, with a cumulative increase of 7.35 per cent in the previous two months, while the Federation’s data for the same period initially showed a decline in the overall monthly wholesale of the vehicle market in February – about 17 per cent, with the company performing significantly.
In a context where the market as a whole is still weak, the company’s main new-sales vehicle sales in February are reported to be high, with Hafff selling 10.7 million in July, Weyvv selling over 4,000 in June, and Eura’s two models selling more than 3,000 in total, slightly above expectations.
F7 continues its strong momentum, and the Picah potential is released. Hafff7 has been on the rise ever since it was marketed, and even in the lower “spring season”, the car is still out of stock of 10,000 per month, and f7 has stock/flow (millions of shares)
The advantages of the design, market positioning and marketing strategy are evident, with a brand-new branding of the company’s strategic layout, the f7 strong product power gradually gaining market recognition. The sales volume is stable for 21 years at the highest/minimum level of 12 months.
In February, under the influence of a series of policies, such as “Car Downtown” and “double-licensing”, the number of trucks sold was again more than 10,000, a 37.66 per cent increase over the previous month, and the pick-up pattern, which had long been influenced by domestic policies, was dominated by commercial demand.
Car City Warming Deep Benefit - 2019/02/27 Step-by-step “Lever” and market demand is expected to increase even more.
Eurasia's sales have been rising steadily, with the Electric Cars actively entering the Agency's new energy sources. The company's new energy brand -- 2019/02/20.
The Great Wall Cars (601633), which sells 3280 in February, is slightly out of the market. Although the company is late in the new energy layout, it has never stopped its technological build-up, direct targeting of the post-subsidization era, the Eurar 1 power consumption finger.
In addition, real demand for a00-grade markets still exists, and there is a natural price advantage and ease of use of particular scenarios, followed by the gradual release of productive capacity, and Eurasia’s performance still deserves to be sustained.
Investment proposals: The company, as the leader of the country’s suv and Picard sector, has a series of stabilization boards in the suv, the f series provides incremental growth, the wey branding, and the pickups contribute to a steady cash flow and profits.
The Department will accompany the city to the recovery period, with a strategic focus for 2019. We expect the Academy to be located on the 9th North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.