Shen Jia's sales grew steadily in January 2019, and sales of new models continued to climb up the slope, suggesting that the Great Wall car be “buy-in” to issue a January sales announcement, selling 112,000 cars in January 2019, yoy + 1.52 per cent,
Many of the new models that have recently been on the market are the main growth points for this month, while the traditional main vehicle models are somewhat weak due to higher base growth over the same period. The company’s 2019 sales target is 1.2 million vehicles, which will be actually completed over 18 years.
Channels have been further improved, and a steady increase in sales of new vehicles will lead to an increase in overall sales. We have a steady increase in sales in January, and new models are on a climbing slope: companies have steadily increased sales in January, with 112,000 vehicles per month, yoy + 1.52 per cent. The Haffff series and September 1818 were listed in October 18th.
The launch of the new energy brand, Europa, has increased its sales monthly, contributing to a major increase. On the swathe, suv side, 45,000, yoy-24 per cent, Mom-10 per cent, are sold this month by the Huffh-6, which is still at a high level owing to the higher base period and a decline in the same-year data, but single-month sales are still at a high level;
Ferm6 sold 12,000 vehicles this month, yoy+211%, and since October 18, when prices were down, monthly sales have remained stable at a level of 10,000, and the effectiveness of the price-for-volume strategy has been remarkable; the new listing of Huff F7 sales continues to climb up the slope, reaching 15,000, and the market has responded well.
Car-type sales were stable, with a steady increase in the f series, but Hover ' s share of other car models and institutional investors in the circulation a, the overall sales of wey brands were weaker than in the same period last year, resulting in the same sales of company suv this month.
For pickups, there has been a steady increase in sales of 115,000 vehicles per month, yoy + 4%. For cars, the company’s new energy brand Eurasia, launched at the end of 18, has combined for the month to expand the market and expand the multi-brand dynamic: in 2019, the company will consolidate the foundations of its traditional advantage.
The new energy brand will compensate for the company’s shortcomings in the new energy and car markets and prepare for the “double points” policy test.
The company’s current branding of Hafer, Wey, Ora, and the Great Wall has been clearly identified, helping to increase its strength at the company’s marketing end. Profit expectations: Against the backdrop of the current low profile of the automobile market, the company is actively promoting new brands.
The new Hufff series, the new Wey series, and the new Ora brand will be the company’s new sales growth point in 19 years. The company’s cost controls are excellent, the main vehicle is strong, and we expect it to be 2018.
..cinaresearchdept.
♪ Sov, yoy ♪
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed for any purpose in whole or part of the report.