The choice to consume automobiles and auto parts and components is a pragmatic vanguard for new energy sources, technology accumulation has never stopped.
Planning has been somewhat reactive and slow, but in practice companies have always been economically pragmatic in this area, not wishing to rely on subsidies for profit, directly targeting them for profit without relying on subsidies, positioning precision, and in the post-subsidization era or when subsidies are eliminated, the layout and strength of companies will gradually emerge.
Euratoms are ahead of the target, and small a00-grade cars are still on the market. Compared to the same level of a00-grade vehicle, the Olar1 indicators are leading, with the lowest level of electricity consumption and 100 km below 10 degrees of electricity most of the market, and this is a powerful indication of the company's presence.
The development and accumulation of new energy vehicle technologies and light-quantifiable technologies have never stopped. Moreover, we believe that the market still has a bias in the pattern and demand for cars at the level of a00, largely influenced by the 2018 subsidy policy and the pre-existing partial retrenchment, which has led to a proliferation of poor-quality products in the market.
Following the launch of the long-duration and high-quality model of the Great Wall's Ora, the true pattern of the a00 class is 9,127/9,127 BMWs in the Great Wall and the hydrogen fuel layout is a step ahead.
In addition to the production of a pure electric Mini during the 12-month maximum/minimum period, we believe that cooperation is possible in other areas, such as new energy technology, battery technology and smart network connections and autopilot-related technologies.
The Great Wall car (601633) wins in February. The hydrogen fuel cell has now involved more than 600 people in various technology research and development and vehicle patterns and continues to go against the market - 2019/03/08.
As the hydrogen fuel industry matures in the future, the Great Wall car (601633), “Hunger Marketing,” will be quick to see, and the company’s forward-looking advantages will be reflected.
Investment proposals: the company's new energy strategy directly targets the post-subsidization era, with a view to making a profit without relying on the supplementation of the Great Wall Cars (601633).
The forward-looking layout of the new 2019/02/20 material cell will be fully adapted to the Institute in the course of the rapid development of the hydrogen fuel cell in the future
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.