The choice to consume automobiles and car parts, the hunger marketing, the depth of the city's warming benefits by 10,000, getting over 15,000 new orders with immediate effect.
Hunger marketing is fast-track. To give back to consumers, and to continue to be a leader in the market, the Hafer brand has recently launched a new spring shopping fair nationwide. Some 630 4s shops in 253 cities across the country were involved in this new spring buy-off and were hungry at the site.
Hungry marketing practices, time-limited discounts, over 50,000 participants from all over the field, together with more than 15,000 orders, are considered to be car-market harvesters. Good products benefit greatly when they hit Jiangshan, and when the city warms.
In the 10-15 million sub-markets, f7 has only been on the market for about three months, and sales have risen to about 15,000, and have been promoted by the end consumers, with the potential to become the next payment. In addition, the company will launch new cars, such as f7x, re-placing h6, Eurorr2, vv7gt, p8gt, and so on this year.
The company’s total market value/flow (millions) will be further stabilized by a large number of good products.
Picard, as a hero behind the scenes, is expected to be a surprise. The domestic pickup market was only about 440,000 in 2018, with only 1.6% of the entire car market, while the United States market, Piccayo, was the only one in the world.
At about 16%, the size of the truck as a whole has the potential to increase. The Wall's Cars Fly Picards claim that for more than 20 years, the market has been divided by more than 30% of the city, with good competition patterns and long years of company contributions, the Wall's Car (601633) is a welcome year.
Stable cash flows and profits, with policies such as the cancellation of dual certificates and the lifting of parts of the city’s pickup, the plate is expected to bring surprises in the future.
Investment Recommendations: Companies as double leaders in the foreign suv and pickup areas, with significant improvements in the suv medium f series, with the new f series being the new starting point
- 2018/08/31 Stable cash flows and profits, long-term corporate development, recommended strategic priorities for the whole year 2019. Net profit returns are expected to be $5,354 million in 18/19 and $6,031 million in the current year.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report