In recent days, the Great Wall Holdings Group has signed a strategic collaboration with the Sengung High Command in the city of Pao Ding, Hebei Province, in response to the new energy era (the 2019 Strategic Recommendations for the Pacific Cars).
Agreement to intensify strategic cooperation in the power cell industry. A subsidiary of both parties, the Humming House Energy Source, and Tianjin Jaiwei Power, have invested in the creation of a joint venture to create a limited division of the Jiangsu Weibee Power Industry to produce three-dollar lithium ion soft-packed battery.
The joint venture has a three-dollar package, and the new power of the battery is on the field. The beehive energy and the Javi power are designed to be Liang Suwei Power Industries Ltd., which is to invest $1.5 billion in Jiangsu Salt City, of which Chevy has 51% power and 49% of the beehive energy. Four three-dollar soft-packed power cells will be built in the future.
Production lines, with the first generation of 2.5 gwh, which is planned to become operational in the first half of 2020. A new power force in the field of power cells, with the respective advantages of the joint venture, is expected to kill a blood trail in the process of reshaping the power cell pattern to become a new energy age.
The two sides complement each other and are expected to produce a 1+1 > 2 effect. Ten years after the Gemway power was established, it's focused on the use of cars, deep-farming soft-packed batteries, deep-tech accumulation, and it's now well established as one of the country's first companies to enter the new three-dollar power cell industry.
The Great Wall car (601633) is ranked fourth in the country in 2018 in terms of technology and quality systems sold in February. Bees continue to go against the market - 2019/03/08
The nest energy is a post-research show focused on the production of aluminium-shelled cores, which are off-line with the Great Wall car (601633), which has a background that allows it to better capture the actual needs of the entire plant, based on the electric car application.
The creative idea of planning power cell products is unique within the industry.
In recent years, the Great Wall Consort Group has been developing a cooperative mindset, focusing on increasing the development of new energy cars in the entire industrial chain.
There is extensive, deep and powerful collaboration with head companies. From 2017, when Lithium Pilbaraminerals, an Australian miner, and some of the products of the Pilgangoora lithium mining project, started to sell: 50% of each of the Great Wall cars and BMW shares in July 2018, light beams were created.
Car Co. Ltd., both sides will jointly develop a new generation of pure electric car platforms that, in addition to the BMW mini electric vehicles, will produce their own branded electric vehicles; in August 2018, the Great Wall Holdings acquired 77 per cent of the share in Shanghai Fuel Cell Motors, Inc., and successfully held the share on the stock.
Power, with the ability to deploy fuel cell-driven power, has recently joined forces to return to the high-rise flag, and the Wall has continued to expand its new energy community of friends and strengthen its strategic layout of the new energy industry-wide chain, with a view to taking advantage of the new energy age.
Investment proposals: Together, the new energy strategy of the consortium will be set up to target directly, in the post-subsidization era, and working with BMW will lead to a dual upgrading of brands and technology, while hydrogen, the forward layout of fuel cells will be fully embraced in the rapid development of hydrogen fuel cells in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report