Selective car and car spare parts were strong in 2018 and up in 2019 (Pacific Car Strategy 2019). In recent days, the company published its annual 2018 report, and collected $99,230 million in 18 years.
The city's cold winter is still strong and the size of its hold is a victory. The city was hit by a cold winter in 2018, driven by macroeconomic factors and weak demand, with a decline of 2.76 per cent over the year, and a decline of 2.87 per cent over the same period in the Sov market, which had been growing for many years.
As the country’s leader in the area of suv and pickups, the vehicle, with its strong product power, has achieved a year-round sales of 105.30 million vehicles, a slight decline of 1.6 per cent over the same year, which has increased faster than the market as a whole and remains strong in the cold winter of the city, maintaining more than a million vehicles.
It is a victory to think that a company can hold on to a million-degree scale in a bad car market environment. The net profit of a bicycle opened up an uphill path.
The dollar and the $1073 are at the bottom of the historical highest net profit level of 10,000 dollars or more, and the total market value/flow (millions) is expected to reverse the downturn into an upturn in recovery in the second half of the year, when the concessions of the manufacturers will be appropriate.
Recycled, we believe that the company's uphill path has been opened, and the Great Wall Car (601633), the way up is bound to be bumpy, and the firm conviction will finally succeed - 2019/03/19.
They believe that, as the Ace H6 and the new F7 continue to be strong, with 2019 new Great Wall Cars (601633), "Governance Shareholders Together" h6,f7x, Orar 2, vv7gt, p8gt, vv3 are expected to move forward.
Step-by-step, to achieve the target sales year-round, is an approximate event. Currently, the F-series model has been initially built on user and market bases and continues to gain momentum, and Wei’s brand continues to present a new search for a new Great Wall vehicle, the New Energy Practical Pioneer (601633).
In a breakthrough, the new energy brand model of the O'La New Energy has been published to complete the new energy shortboards, with BMW in a joint venture, and technology has never stopped.
Strategic Recommendations - 2019/03/09 has also completed the forward-looking layout, and the company will achieve more energy, and we believe that 1.2 million sales will be only a new starting point for long-term visions of the company ' s potential and space for future development.
Investment proposals: given the company ' s 2019 boom on new vehicle-type power, while the old model continues to be in place, and although overall sales in the automobile industry remain low, demand in the second half of the industry will gradually recover, and the Wall, as one of the autonomous brand leaders, will continue to recommend a strategy to sustain it.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report