The Great Wall has seen a negative growth in the volume of cars q4, new energy sources and globalization opening up new space, a fall in the market, and a 3.2 per cent increase in the volume of company sales in the fourth quarter of Hafff5 and f7 respectively.
The company recombines the product and marketing system, publishes the Hover brand series, f. The government's report proposes to stabilize car consumption, create negative growth in the q4 car market, and the company's sales outperform the industry, with short-term pressure on the company's performance in 2018.
The sales of 1053,000 vehicles were realized, representing a 1.6 per cent decline over the same period, of which 139,000 were sold by the Wey brand, showing a bright eye; 766,000 by the Hafer brand, representing a 10.1 per cent decline over the same period; 16.7 per cent of the Māori rate, with an average vehicle price of $93,000, representing a 0.1 million decrease over the same period; and $4,945, with a 5.3 per cent increase in single car profits.
The automobile sector was affected by a slowdown in economic growth, trade frictions between China and the United States, as well as weak demand in the second half of the year, the company's promotion of preferential sales, and a marked decline in the average price and profitability of bicycles in the second half of the year. Haffff 5,f7 and q4 were the first to benefit.
q4 sales grew by 3.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, far better than steam, mainly due to the capitalization of some R & D inputs, and the significant decrease in financial costs was mainly due to the receipt of interest income on performance bonds. q4 costs were 5.4 per cent and 3.6 percentage points lower on the same year.
The new energy is fast-growing, and the 1.2 million sales are expected to be successfully achieved throughout the year. In February 2019, Ha Foh6cou has been re-listed to locate a new SUV car, Haff 7x and vv7gt, which is expected to be on the market in the year in which the 18q4 market, Haff 5 and f7, will also contribute to the increase, with the Ora brand in 2019.
The Eura brand is expected to sell about 100,000 vehicles a year, contributing to a major increase. As new cars progress, coupled with the re-profiling of the marketing system, companies are expected to succeed in achieving 1.2 million sales targets, peaking sales, and boosting corporate performance.
In January, the company released the Haf 5-2-1 globalization strategy, using five years to achieve an annual sales of 2 million to become the first brand of a global professional suv, with global R & D investment costs of more than 30 billion dollars in the next five years.
Qing Yongchuan, Shandong-shoi, Zhejiang-eung-hok, Jiang Su-tae, established a full-scale vehicle production base, covering Suv, pickups, and new energy products, all of which reached the post-partum stage, and the company’s total capacity will exceed 2.2 million vehicles. One hundred and fifty thousand Russian plants will also become operational in 2019q2, producing h9 and f7 for Russia.
The company exported 46,995 vehicles in 2018, a year-on-year increase of 20.0%, with a strong increase in the volume of overseas sales from Russian factories after delivery. The company and BMW jointly financed light beams.
The automobile project will also start in Zhang Jiaport, with the promise of increasing the company's power and brand power in new energy technologies. The company will accelerate its globalization strategy and open up new opportunities for growth.
1) Increased competition in the car market, lower sales and lower profitability; 2) lower than expected sales of new vehicles.
Automobiles: car-to-cars