On November 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 18, 20, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 20, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 18, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, 16,
\triangleright 2021 China ' s overall banking investment of 23.19 billion yuan, an increase of 22 per cent over the same year, with businesses, banks, construction banks and agricultural banks all investing more than 20 billion yuan in financial science and technology.
In 2021, the company ranked first in the bank card solution market and second in four markets, such as the credit card solution. Overall, the company was able to enter the top five.
There are 13 sub-areas that highlight the industry. The year of corporate finance technology recovery, 2017-2021, is close to Hong Mon Orab, with long-term potential for the future. 1) Hong Meng, Ola, has brought the IT industry \triangleright \triangleright \
A new opportunity: A better operational experience of 3.0 has resulted in deeper optimization in a number of ways, bringing new opportunities to the entire technology industry, and the entire chain of industry and China are promising new benefits for the partners involved. The Ora ecology is booming, with the accumulation of the Omniler Ola operating system as of November 2022.
s010,52111003 installed at 2.45 million units, with more than 10 manufacturers issuing commercial distributions and a large number of important industry customers. 2) The company is one of the core of the int suppliers of Hwa and its major ecological companies, which continued in 2021.
Keeps the status of software service provider Top2 and has repeatedly gained a combined annual ranking of a supplier, Guo Xinyu I. 3) Open-source commercialization has accelerated, with companies building seven development editions and multi-businesses such as marketing, transportation, etc.
The company, for its part, has completed several pole projects and expanded the layout of the server operating system based on the Orneuler system, and the company is expected to benefit from a larger credit-creation trend.
The traditional business is well-established and well-established, making it a solid foundation for development. 1) The company is one of the core suppliers to the company and its main ecological company, with the business layout covering the country ' s main business areas. 2) The public department has expanded its presence on the Internet to include bat, bytes, Kyoto, new waves, droplets, America, Internet, etc.
Internet clients have established a higher brand reputation in the Internet service industry. 3) Deep-ploughing the high-tech and manufacturing industries, expanding the smart car business to include a large number of leading domestic and international industries such as beautiful, upper-air, wide-air, Great Wall cars, Dragons, vivos, opo, tcl.
Investment proposal: The company is a leading national in the IT field, with its traditional business growing steadily, and its deep layout opens up the space for growth. At the same time, the company’s grip on the big trends is likely to turn into a business \triangleright \triangleright
Company Profile: Integrated Software and Information Technology (IT) service provider leader, a firm with deep industry accumulation and full technological strength. The company’s main business is divided into software and digital services and digital operations services, of which software and digital services include consulting services.
Questions and solutions, digital technology services and generic technology services.
(b) Celbravo held 9.70 per cent of the top ten shareholders of the company, Fofesasynet held 4.77 per cent of the shares, and the company's deep-farming industry was looking forward and the industry's position was being consolidated. As of the company's semi-annual report in 2022, the company had a strong position.
On October 13, 2020, seven units, namely, Soft Motivation and Tetsu, Huaieng, Alibaba, Beijing University, Nanjing University, and Tongji University, co-sponsored the establishment of the Software Testing Capacity Initiative.
In May 2021, Soft Motivation and China completed the contract and became the core service provider of the Chinese Rpa. The Soft Motivation Enterprise Board was launched on March 15, 2022.
By type of business, the main business modules of soft power include software and digital technology services, digital operations, and software and digital technology services, which have three sub-businesses: generic technology services, digital technology services, counselling and solutions. By industry, corporate communications equipment-related revenues accounted for 50% of total revenue in 2021.
Right, financial science and technology, Internet services, high technology and manufacturing accounted for 15 per cent, 21 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively.
2.1 Financialit Industry: Dozens of markets ready, downstream investments are rising, the process of digitalization of the banking sector is accelerating, and the digital transformation has yielded remarkable results.
In 2021, China ' s banking sector continued to accelerate the pace of its digital transformation, moving from a number of breakthroughs to a new phase of deeper development, gradually moving from retail to public business, reflecting such important features as service intelligence, business landscapes and so forth, and achieving a series of new breakthroughs.
In 2021, the Chinese banking sector continued to increase its investment in financial science and technology, and the overall banking investment in banking has remained steady. According to the Satisfactory consultant, the total investment in banking in China in 2021 reached $23,1908 million, compared to $23,008 million in 2021.
Three large state-owned commercial banks have invested more than $20 billion in financial science and technology in 2020. According to the State-owned six-larger commercial banks, the 2021 report shows that the six major banks invested $107,493 million in science and technology in 2021, an increase of the same amount.
In 2021, business banks invested 25,987 million yuan in technology, construction banks invested 23,576 million yuan, and agricultural banks invested more than 20,532 million yuan in financial science and technology. Of the 12 national equity banks, the increase in financial science and technology investment was higher than in 2021.
More than 30 per cent of the banks, in descending order of growth, are the Bank of Heng Hsiang, the Bank of Songhai and the Bank of Open-Swiss. From a market breakdown, in 2021, the core business system, business intelligence and credit management ranked among the top three market segments, with 63, 61, 4 billion market sizes, respectively.
2.2 Corporate layout: Continued Deep Farming Financialit, Disaggregated “Invisible Champions” Soft Dynamics has four main sections of banking, securities, insurance, corporate finance and financial services in the core and applied systems of the financial sector, and is one of the major suppliers of domestic financial information technology services.
The Division launched a sub-brand for the pan-financial sector — the Soft-Technology Section — to integrate the delivery capacity of companies in the areas of banking, insurance, securities and enterprise finance, to achieve solutions sharing, technical capacity sharing, knowledge-building, customer service-sharing, and to build a deeper integration from counselling and solutions to systems development, testing, transportation and systems.
The integrated end-to-end delivery capacity has led to the creation of a number of nuclear and financial sectors, such as banking, insurance, and corporate finance. According to Saidi's consultants, 1) the overall market position has risen: soft mobility ranked sixth in China's 2019 market share of banking solutions.
Up to 5 in 2021 in the Bankit Solutions ranking. 2) Multiple break-down areas are in the lead: in 2021, companies ranked first in the bank card solution market, in the credit card solution market, in the channel management solution market, in the smart marketing solution market, in the unstructured data management solution market
In the banking sector, soft power is an important player in domestic banking information services. Clients are covered.
All types of banking institutions, including six large State-owned commercial banks, 12 national share-based commercial banks, several urban commercial banks, rural credit cooperatives, and foreign banks such as HSBC. In the first half of 2022, companies successfully won various bank projects such as “Cloud Operations Management Services (COMS) Overlayed Development Services (DSS), “numbers”
In the field of insurance, soft power has more than 10 years of experience in industry services and is one of the country’s earlier providers of information-based solutions for the insurance industry, and has over 50 for China’s peace, Chinese life, and Taekang insurance.
In the area of securities, the soft power provides continuous systems and application development, testing and operation maintenance support for various types of institutions, such as securities companies and foundations.
In the area of corporate finance, soft power creates a higher reputation for branding. Business financial information solutions can be provided for clients on a life cycle and value chain basis.
The growth of corporate financial science and technology is accelerating. In 2017-2021, the corporate finance technology portfolio grew year after year.
3.1.1 The Euratom operating system continues to prosper, with a cumulative load of more than 2 million Opneuler being an open-source national production operating system at the enterprise level.
The potential is an efficient, stable, secure open-source operating system built by global open-source contributors that applies to applications such as databases, big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. At the same time, an open-source community of operating systems with a global orientation, working with communities to build innovative platforms that support multi-processor structures and integration.
1 and an open operating system that promotes the ecological prosperity of hardware and software applications. 1) The load is constantly increasing and the ecology is improving. 1) The load is constantly increasing: the number of installed machines has grown rapidly, reaching 1.02 million in 2021, of which 527,000 have been installed in physics and commercial distribution.
On November 9, 2022, China was Vice-President of the company and President of the Calculating Product Lines.
There are more than 750,000 community users and more than 12,000 contributors. More than 10 manufacturers have issued a commercial distribution of the puneuler.
Some companies, such as Sinyan, have contributed significantly to supporting the integration of home-grown, autonomous software and hardware by supporting the production of chips and various desktop environments in countries such as Xiang, which, according to the Opneuler official network, supports the thugs, fliers, rsic-v, tungsten, thongs, thongs, etc.
A variety of computing structures and chips, such as sea light, and support the third-party environment, such as the HID software dde and the neptunium software ukui. Together with the self-researched silicon chip and the open source database system of the pengusas, the Opneuler operating system serves as the hub for effectively supporting China as the base of the nationally produced digitals and for a variety of categories.
Third-party applications support ecological enrichment. In areas such as finance, operators, and so on, Opneuler already has a large number of success stories and large clients. 3.1.2 Hung has a 3.0-leading trend, and commercial distributions are moving forward.
On 15 June 2022, the harmonyos 3.0 (hereinafter, 3.0 Hongmun) developer Beta was recruited, covering almost all types of aircraft and tablets. On 18 July, China issued the release date of 3.0 to officials. On 27 July, it was 3.0 to officials.
Officially and in batches, the upgrade type and time are published, and HDZ 3.0 brings six upgrading experiences, including Super Terminals, Hong Mengji, All Capable Cards, Fluid Performance, Privacy Security, and Information Accessibility. The advantages of new features, such as HDZ 3.0 privacy security, are evident.
You can help users view the applications that are accessed by the app and list them in a more visual way; 2) remove the location of the picture and data information.
Model. Under the children’s accounts, advertising is automatically banned, and the application market limits the use of incompetence devices and controls the child’s payment behaviour, requiring parental consent. 4) Travel aids are used primarily for groups with visual impairments, which can be identified through cameras and images, and then voice-referenced.
Awakening, helping people with visual impairments to avoid some of the barriers and other actions of the talk. More attention to end-of-end applications, combined with the overall ecological improvement, is expected to open a new chapter on commercial applications.
The performance, user care, etc. has led to improvements, laying the groundwork for a better implementation of the 1+8+n strategy. To strengthen the b-end application, China has been working on building capacity for distributed, coordinated computing, equipment sharing, etc., so that its own resolution programmes have the advantages of being safe, credible, one-to-one fast-connected, etc., and now have a large number of ecological partners.
Figure 16: Harmonyosconnect Eco-Solution Partner Case (Note: Not all partner cases due to space limitations) 3.2 National Production Operating Systems Space Measurement: Ten Billion Space Time, with a more visible stock perspective
3.2.1 Server end space: the market is expected to be larger than 10 billion by 2027 2. Server industry ratio: based on data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry. 1) Internet industry is not used as a target market for national production, with the Internet accounting for around 30%. 2) According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the ratio is about 30%.
The total share of the four main sectors is about 30%. 3) In other categories, given the characteristics of the industry's “2+8+n” innovation, more sectors in countries such as postal and aviation services will also be replaced by national production.
See, the overall share of the target market for national production is around 50 per cent (four major sectors account for about 3 server operating system unit prices compared to other categories of industry: a conservative estimate of a relatively low level of $4,500, referring to prices on the government grid.
Measured results: the target market size of the server operating system exceeded $8 billion in 21 years, and the market is expected to exceed $10 billion by 2027. 3.2.2 pc end-space: close to $7 billion by 2027
3. Target market share of the commercial market: due to the ratio of pc to the server, the downstream sector of the server has a similar ratio to the lower pc industry. Thus, the target market ratio of the reference server is assumed to be 50 per cent.
4.pc unit price: a conservative estimate of a relatively low level, based on prices above the government grid, summary: in 2021, pc+ server operating system was replaced by a target market of over 13 billion yuan, and is expected to exceed 20 billion yuan by 2027.
(Note: This is a place where all national production replaces the size of the general market in the relevant areas that may be involved, rather than having reached 3.3 million megabones: Open-source commercialization has accelerated, with many important results. Soft mobility is one of the core of the int suppliers to China and its major ecological companies. Softness 2018-2021.
In 2021, the company maintained its status as a soft-sales service provider, number two on a continuous basis, and on several occasions it was ranked first in the annual consolidated ranking of a supplier. Open-source, important ecological partner.
As of the first half of 2022, the company was home to more than 400 families in the country.
Partners provide access to more than 900 products, 14 licensed patents, software writings, and companies have accumulated seven development boards, two industry releases, two national productions, self-controlled electronic sentry, and pass-through and quarantine one-size-fits-all smart walker products.
The Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung has been working on strategic cooperation with China.
In June 2022, the first strategic collaboration in the field of transport was held in Shenzhen, where the Lake Man Federation entered into a strategic partnership with its Smart Highway Corps to hand over the enabling figures for the open Harmony release.
Swanlinkos, which currently has such distributions as marketing, transportation, etc., builds on the technical capabilities of the Tooopenharmony, building on the technical capabilities of the Hong Kong Lake Alliance team in multiscreen displaying, intelligent interaction, ai recognition and distributional management, advancing the openharmony process from open source to commercialization.
In the area of business excellence, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung based on the introduction of the swanlinkos commercial publication by Oen-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, aimed at the transport, media, advertising, finance, education, etc., customizing and developing open-source commercial distributions, helping to create a sense, intellectual association, intellectual vision, and innovative whole-of-the-place networking ecology; completing a prototype demonstration of ship-borne and mine-hung; and
In the field of communication, the Hongkwan-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung, which has a wide range of traffic use sites, can be used for road traffic surveillance, electronic surveillance, major traffic data analysis, shipping smart terminals, navigational communication equipment, etc.
The area is widely used to solve the problem of pain points at the end of traffic, at the end of the road, at the end of the cloud, and to help the country to achieve sustainable digital transport through the digitization and upgrading of the transport infrastructure.
In collaboration with the Dragon Cube Central Unit, the company has further completed the fitting of the "Crying Wind" development board of the country's core core 2k1,000la processor, and has obtained an ecological product from the Open Atom Open Source Foundation.
At the same time, the company’s deep involvement in community co-building has gradually become a source of open-source participants.
At the 2022 Open Atom Global Open Source Summit, soft power was awarded to the "openatomopenharmony code to Top10" and "openatom" for 2022.
A number of honours include the openharmony 100-person code contribution unit, the Openharmony ecological pilot unit (software distribution), the Openharmony ecological pilot unit (commercial equipment), and the Openharmony ecological pilot contributor unit (development board).
3.4 Eurobot: multiple core case-testing strengths, potential in large credit-generation trends Soft mobility is a participant and contributor to the Orneuler ecology, based on root technology research and development, enabling base software development, completion of several pole migration services in the first half of 2022, including in the meteorological, biological and other industries, none.
Si set up the first eco-innovation centre in the country. The company introduced the one-stop service solution program, which covers specialized services such as migration deployment, compatibility, post-sale and wiring, customization, etc., to fast-track the efficient migration of the business system from Centos to Opneuler and its smooth operation.
Business continuity for the certification industry clients. The company continues to expand its layout to build a system-based server operating capability based on the Opneuler system, and the company is expected to benefit from a large credit-creation trend. Figure 18: One-stop service system of Opneuler
Case 1: hpc-wan builds a time-bound, high-performance meteorological application solution. Meteorological applications have a large volume of data, high timeliness and performance are key to meteorological applications for the platform.
The use of services is expanding, and meteorological data processing is becoming more important. But meteorological applications have a high volume of data processing and are time-sensitive. Performance is the key to the platform ' s requirements for meteorological applications. hpc-wan migration practice is to migrate gas-like solutions to the computing platform of the Oneuler + + + + + + + + + .
Case 2: Spark enables the open-source large data processing component to be created. Spark is an open-source large data processing component that supports a rich set of advanced tools, including sql's snarksql
. The current open-source method of compression has its advantages and disadvantages: gzip compression does not result in a high occupancy rate of kae, cpu and a slow pace of compression. The case is optimized by enabling the openeraclib, increasing the spark performance through the soft acceleration of the opener, the hard-accelerated library, and ultimately the optimized sparksql
Query performance is increased by 5+. Figure 20: Spark enables the open-sourcer solution Case 3: namd Open Source Migration Practice. namd is a large-scale biomolecular application.
Parallel software for molecular dynamics supports multiple power fields such as charmm, namd, and amber. Namd, with a very large-scale parallel computing capability, has achieved parallel calculations on top dry processors to simulate large molecular systems containing more than 300,000 atoms.
The efficiency of the migration process has increased significantly, with performance-adjusted measures to maximize the performance advantage of the puneuler + kunpeng; the migration efficiency of the namd software has increased significantly: 27 person days- > 2 person days; and the performance advantage of the pneulier + kunpeng has been optimized to achieve a full performance improvement of 4.73 per cent.
Four traditional business performances are well-established and well-established, making it a solid foundation for the development of communication services 4.1: in close cooperation with China, revenue is steadily rising. Soft mobility is one of the core suppliers of China and its leading ecological companies, with services covered by China’s multi-productivity.
The scope and depth of the company's cooperation with Hua and its main ecological companies have been increasing, and it has grown into a supplier with the capacity to provide integrated services such as advice and solutions, product development, implementation of it, transport operations, etc.
In the first half of 2022, soft-recording power set-up industry clients achieved operating income of $4.412 billion, an increase of 16 per cent over the same period the previous year. 4.2 Internet services: Deep-farm Internet taps + operator markets, 17-21
The company has developed deep collaboration with leading Internet companies. The company has diversified its services to prominent Internet companies such as Alibaba, Tents, Peeta, Bytes, Jumping, Kyundong, Sina, Ticklets, Corpses, Web-Fly, and has built a higher brand reputation in the interconnection service industry. At the same time, the company has become an important collaboration between Sky Wings, Mobile Clouds, and others.
Partners, enabler telecommunication operators integrate deep into the Internet, big data, artificial intelligence and the real economy, and continue to work together around operators' vertical application of generic technologies, 5g industries, and in cloud computing, big data, dict, etc.
High growth highlights the fact that, in the first half of 2022, Internet services achieved operating income of $1.808 billion, driven by a two-wheel drive by 4.3 high technology and manufacturing: "Smart car plus smart manufacturing", with companies continuing to grow deep into high technology and manufacturing industries, with continued services including Microsoft, Union, American, Wall Motors,
Smart cars: Soft power, with full digital service capabilities, becomes an important software technology partner for automobile enterprises when software defines cars, covering four main service directions, including the number of automobiles.
In 2021, soft power expansion included the provision of technical services by clients in more than 30 smart car chains.
The rapid growth of the automobile business, which grew by more than 40 per cent in January-September 2022, resulted in a similar increase of smart car business receipts. 1) In the area of digital counselling, companies have dedicated advisory teams working with experts in the area of automobiles to assist the automobiles Clients in the digitization of information systems, the digitization of business processes and the digitization of marketing services. 2) In the area of product digitization.
In this area, since the company officially entered the digitalized R & D business in 2019, as of the end of June 2022, technical services have been provided to more than 30 related clients in the smart car industry chain; 3) in the intelligent driving industry, key operations such as autopilot ads algorithms, data tags, vehicle controls, car clouds, high-precision maps, etc.
In-depth collaboration with clients to achieve breakthroughs on priority projects. (4) In the area of auto production and marketing digitalization, the company ' s auto superapp project, the supply chain management business platform (scm) that helped clients develop successfully completed a phase of on-line work, supported new vehicle marketing products plus the delivery model of the project, and continuously upgraded the vehicle
Operational advisory and operational service capacity in the area of marketing. In the first half of 2022, the company continued and increased its in-depth collaboration with traditional and well-known car manufacturers, with a number of customers in the emerging extension of the upstream and downstream chains of automobiles, and carried out in-depth figure 23: Customized erp management system solutions for the soft-powered automobile industry
Smart manufacturing: The company follows the country's 1455 strategy for the development of smart manufacturing, targeting products, manufacturing units, cars, factories, enterprises, supply chains, providing a full range of digital transformation services and solutions for many well-known manufacturing head clients, with a focus on sub-sectors such as home appliances. 1) In the field of home power, providing capability coverage.
In the area of manufacturing, the aps advanced planning system, the mes manufacturing implementation system, etc.; 2) in the area of research and development design, provision of products such as life-cycle management of plm products, smart management of digital laboratories, order selection management systems, etc.; 3) in the area of marketing, creation of smart order management systems, digitization of door management, smart home c2m system,
4) In the area of logistics, build products such as product management hubs, billing systems, international logistics systems, transport management systems, and production logistics systems, while introducing complete supply chain financial solutions to the prevailing financial needs of manufacturing enterprises.
In the first half of 2022, soft power generated a business income of $1,074 million for high-tech and manufacturing customers.
5.1 Profit projection assumptions are split with operations Communications equipment operations: the gradual control of the epidemic and China's continued focus on digital transformation will open up new market opportunities for companies. Companies are also further strengthening their internal controls, while at the same time working with China.
The rate of growth in equipment operations has stabilized at around 15%; Māori service operations: while the Internet sector has volatile short-term demand, demand is still good in the longer term, as a result of the digital economy.
At the same time, in 2022, the company became an important partner in the sky clouds and mobile clouds.
At the same time, downstream demand continues to be released, rising, and taking into account the increasing productization of companies, the Māori rate is expected to rise in the medium to long term, owing to high technology and manufacturing: companies continue to grow deep into high-tech and manufacturing industries and provide professionally trusted high-value clothing.
In 2022, the company’s ongoing services included the Great Wall’s cars, Dragons, vivos, and oppo, which led many industries, both within and outside the country. Despite repeated outbreaks, the company’s automobile business grew rapidly and its capabilities significantly.
Other business: in the context of the larger trend of the digital economy, demand will continue to be released in areas such as digital energy, health, smart cities; due to years of deep-deeping in related fields and extensive experience and client resources, major cost rates: corporate major cost rates have remained relatively stable in recent years, taking into account corporate innovation and finance.
Comparable company valuations: 1) selected as comparable large-scale IT manufacturers, such as National Software International, Boyantech, based on the company ' s main operations of communications equipment, Internet services etc.; 2) considering the company ' s constant advances in the financial and other areas of banking interest, the banks, i.e., Kwangts, UtsinTech, Tsangt, etc., are
The company is a leading company in the country’s IT sector, with its traditional business growing steadily, and its deep financial set-up opens up room for growth. At the same time, the company’s grip on the big trend of trust is likely to be a core player in the industry.
1. There is some uncertainty about the volatility of the epidemic. There have been repeated outbreaks in the country, particularly in the first half of 2022, with the impact on first-line cities. There is some uncertainty about the volatility of human costs for clients and companies as a result of repeated outbreaks.
Industry with a high intensity and relatively high human cost, where employee remuneration is the most significant expense of the company ' s operating costs and the cost of the period, has a significant impact on the company ' s operations. 3) The risks of technological innovation. With metacosystems, cloud computing, big data, object networking, artificial intelligence, blocks
The growing spread of new technologies in chains, 5g, semiconductors and integrated circuits, information security, and soft and information technology services are at a rapid stage of development, as well as a rapidly iterative trend in customer demand. This poses a greater challenge to corporate technological innovation.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.