The digital economy leads, working with China to create a co-founder ecology, soft power (301236.sz) and leading domestic software and information technology service providers, covering the first time a "buy-in" rating has been awarded.
Founded in 2005, the company is the leading software and information technology service provider in China. The main business is to provide digital innovation services, generic technology services and digital operations services to clients in a number of sectors, including communications equipment, Internet services, financial science and technology, high technology and manufacturing.
• The digital economy and innovation became a national strategy, and the software information technology service industry faced historic opportunities.
The country ' s digital economy is growing faster, with the rapid release of the digital transformation needs of the industry, while the new generation of information technology is expanding in depth and breadth in all sectors and growing in size. From 2012 to 2021, our revenues from software operations grew from 2.5 trillion yuan to 9.5 trillion yuan, with an average annual growth rate of 16.1 per cent.
In the first half of 2022, the country's revenues from information technology services reached $30,29.6 billion, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the previous year, representing 65.5 per cent of the total industry. Moreover, as the IT industry is approaching the period of gold development, the focus is on basic hardware and software, working together to create a trust-making ecology.
The company has been involved in the construction of open-source digital infrastructure such as operating systems, databases, etc., and is a co-founder of openharmony, puneuler, ponggass and credible clouds. In particular, in the context of open-source eco-building, the company has established a subsidiary, the Hong Kong-Hung-Hung-Hung, which has accumulated a number of industrial products.
In collaboration with the eco-partners of the industry, a commercial distribution of openharmony-rich equipment for the business and transport industry has been developed on the basis of a combination of openharmony and swanlinkos.
Corporate profile: China’s leading software and information technology service provider Softline power was established in 2005 as China’s leading software and information technology service provider, committed to leading a digital technology service with global reach. The company’s main business is communications equipment, Internet uniforms.
Services for digital innovation, common technology services and digital operations services are provided by clients in a number of sectors, such as business, finance technology, high technology and manufacturing, among which digital innovation services have become a new growth engine, mainly providing advice and solutions.
General technology services are technology-oriented and provide a wide range of information technology services to clients, such as information system design and development, product engineering, testing, operation maintenance, etc. Digital operation services are digitally enabled, professional skills, etc.
Companies have a strong customer base and extensive industry coverage in terms of digital marketing, digital content, call centres and business processes. Companies serve more than 1,000 domestic and foreign clients in more than 10 important industries, more than 200 of which are the world’s top 500 or China’s top 500 firms, companies and companies.
China has established a long-standing partnership with the majors of the industries Ali Baba, Tenseng, Pedu and others, covering six large State-owned commercial banks, all 12 national stock-based commercial banks, 50 insurance companies, and 31 corporate finance companies that have built capacity to provide multi-regional agile delivery, with nearly 100 branches in more than 40 cities around the world.
And more than 20 global delivery centres cover major global markets such as North America, Japan, and China. Companies have subsidiaries, subsidiaries, or offices in major cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, Xian, Wuhan, and cover most of the country, with the capacity for rapid response and multi-regional simultaneous delivery.
The company received prizes such as "2021 China Software and Information Technology Services Competing 100 Enterprises", "2009-2019 China Software Business Revenues Top 100 Enterprises", "202010 China Digital Services Leading Enterprises", "2019 China's Most Shadow Software and Information Services Enterprises", "202010 China Innovation Software Enterprises" and was awarded for many years in a row.
Honours such as the China Software and Information Services Highlighting Contribution Award, the China District's Best Employers Enterprise, and the 100listleadersizegroup, and professional qualifications such as the competency maturity model cmmi-dev5, tmmi 3 and cs4 levels.
1.1. Rapid growth in income and profits and continuous optimization of business structures
18.46 per cent, with a net return of $672 million, shows greater operational resilience: by type of business, universal technology services account for the highest share of income, while digital innovation services account for the rising share, becoming a new growth engine for companies.
And it's growing steadily, mainly as a result of stable and growing partnerships between companies and a group of globally renowned telecommunications companies, such as Hua, and the growing size of the telecommunications industry as the 5-g era began: the Internet industry grew fastest, mainly with the 100-degree, telecommunications, and Ali Baba.
The rapid growth of enterprises, through the application of new and emerging technologies, the firm ' s efforts to integrate innovation in its business with Internet enterprises, the promotion of business model transformation and business model change in Internet enterprises, and the creation of a higher branding reputation in the Internet service industry.
1.2. The equity structure is stable and the management is experienced. The company’s first shareholder and effectively controlled owner is Mr. Liu Asi Wen. Liu Hei holds 23.83% of the issuer’s shares, directly and indirectly, and controls 28.61% of the issuer through direct ownership and as an executive partner in Fudge.
In the area of service and technological innovation, the physical controller and founder, Mr. Liu Asiwen, have more than 20 years of management experience.
In February 2019, the Fourth National Plan for the People was successfully elected to the list of top military leaders in Guanmura, “China's Ten-Year Leadership in Software and Information Services”, “The Unremarked Man of the Cloud Computing Industry”.
Investment effort in areas such as banking. Corporate per capita income generation and per capita income generation are in the middle of the industry compared to industry companies.
2.1. The domestic digital economy is accelerating and the demand for digitalized industrial transformation is rapidly releasing.
The total size of the world ' s digital economy in 2020 reached $32.6 trillion in 47 countries. In 2020, our digital economy was the second largest in the world, reaching 39.2 trillion yuan, with a 38.6 per cent share of gdp, according to the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan published by the State Council, and by 2025, the value added of the core industries of the digital economy will be higher.
The share of GDP reached 10%, the data factor market system was first established, the digitalization of the industry moved to a new stage, the level of digital industrialization was significantly increased, digital public services were more inclusive and equitable, and the system of digital economic governance was improved. Looking ahead, in 2035, towards a modern, unified, fair, competitive, well-developed digital economy.
Market systems, the level of digital economic development, are among the highest in the world. 2.2, the new generation of information technology (IT) is rapidly integrated with industries, with industries growing in size Software and IT services markets are made up of two separate markets, software products and IT services.
Products include platform software products, application software products and information security products. Information technology services include information technology advisory and training, service outsourcing, information technology support and maintenance, information technology systems integration, etc. In recent years, with the innovation of models brought about by technological advances, the boundaries of the market for software products and information technology services have become blurred and software has become increasingly common.
The new generation of information technology (IT) is growing in depth and breadth and industry is growing.
Data from the Ministry of Information and Communications show that, from 2012 to 2021, our revenues from software operations increased from 2.5 trillion yuan to 9.5 trillion yuan, an average annual growth rate of 16.1 per cent. In the first half of 2022, our revenues from information technology services reached $302.96 billion, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the same period, representing 65.5 per cent of the total industry income.
Information technology support and maintenance, and outsourcing of services together account for nearly 70 per cent of the information technology services market. As the new generation of information technology breaks down and becomes more widely used, information technology services are expected to continue to grow.
A disaggregated area centred on IT support and maintenance and service outsourcing will be the main force of growth. Figure 16: IT support and maintenance, services outsourcing together account for nearly 70 per cent of the IT services market. Demand for IT services in the domestic vertical sector is growing rapidly.
The rapid growth of the manufacturing, banking, etc., and the corresponding high rate of digital input have become the main demand area for information technology services in the country. 2.3. The IT services sector will be in a prime state of development, further driving the IT services sector.
We are moving from “unusable” to “available” basic hardware and software, and are moving towards “good use” and gradually breaking the foreign “cricket” monopoly. The IT innovation industry is an important component of “new infrastructure,” and core hardware and services are turning to digitization, networking, and intelligence.
It will accelerate industrialization and scale-up, and it will be one of the most important players in economic development, reaching into all areas of the national economy. China is one of the major players in the development of China’s Xinjiang industry.
The basic hardware and hardware facilities, industry applications, and services cover the entire industry chain from the bottom hardware, basic software, to the upper industry. On hardware, they cover the rickshaw processor, which includes the tweedai chip, the smart net card chip, the bottom panel management controller (bmc) chip, the solid hard disk (ssd), the disk array card (raincard), the master.
For basic software, it covers basic and platform software such as operating systems, virtualized software, databases, intermediates, storage software, large data platforms, data protection and cloud services.
For the last two years, the company has focused on open-source operational systems and the Ora database, among others.
The representative's area of basic hardware and software, and the area of professional services represented by consulting/cloud intelligence services, have increased the investment of resources into and organizational security: to accelerate the outreach of their accumulated technological and capacity strengths to more segmented industrial markets...to achieve co-existence with strategic clients and win-win industries.
The company has been involved in the construction of open-source digital infrastructure such as operating systems, databases, etc., in the area of information and communication, and is a co-founder of open-source, open-source, open-source, and open-source systems. At the 2022 Open-Atom Global Open Source Summit, the company gained many honors.
Figure 20: At the Open-Atom Global Open Source Summit in 2022, soft power caused many of the honors of open-harmony, and in the area of open-source ecological development, soft power created a subsidiary, the Hong Kong Lake League, which has an open-source technology headquarters, four research and development bases, which have served 900+ products in five major areas and industries.
400+Partners. Launching of the “Shows Up”, “Starting Up”, “Hinging Up” open-source development package, active construction of fast-disposable integrated solutions in a number of competitive vertical sectors, such as transport, commerce, finance, education, etc., have resulted in compatibility of seven chip development packages, two commercial distributions and two commercial products.
The first national production chip development board to be evaluated and supported by the Compatibility Certificate (Longarch Architecture) has been released by the Hong Kong Federation Central Unit. The Hong Kong Lake Federation, in collaboration with the Dragon Cube Central Unit, has completed the match between the open wind and wind development board of the national core core 2k1,000la processor.
At the same time, the Open Atoms Foundation's certificate of compatibility of ecological products.
The process involves the construction of an openharmony biosphere based on a dragon-structured platform using the swanlinkos “sculpture spirit” strategy to achieve full nationalization of the IT industry and to accelerate the landing of autonomous, national-owned, all-round solutions, such as operating systems, chips, databases, applications, etc.
One of the fastest practices for commercial landings is the openharmony open-source software operation system. The Honghu launch of the "Hongkot Smart Digital Sentry" carries rk3399 chips based on the fully autonomous swanlinkos commercial software distribution system developed by the openharmony.
One-stop smart access solutions, which can be widely applied to hotels, buildings, airports, communities, sites, etc., are now officially commercialized in places such as tin-free and beads.The rapid development of word technology services and the prospect of high growth in company digital innovation services are expected.
(2) Māori ratio: With the increase in revenue from digital innovative business services in the coming years, Māori ratio is expected to be higher than comparable corporate valuations, considering the company's “buy-in” rating for the first time in a forward-looking setting around the Chinese ecology in the area of credit creation.
The risk of high client concentration may have a negative impact on the production of a company if the main customer is in a situation of declining demand for the company ' s business as a result of changes in the macro-environment or its own business situation, both within and outside the country, or is diverted to other suppliers.
Risks of rising human costs, software and information technology services industries are human resource intensive, relatively high human costs, and the company's scale of operations and profitability may be affected if market human resources are undersupplied or labour costs rise too fast and the company fails to respond effectively
The risk of macroeconomic volatility, the rate of economic growth and macroeconomic volatility will have a direct impact on the business development of the downstream services clients of the company, resulting in the impact on the software and information technology services of the company.