q3 performed well and even slightly surprised, running a continuous transformation, and distributed three-quarterly reports in 2023 in the mass media. 1) q3 received 3,158 million dollars, compared to 25.44 per cent; \triangleright
The performance of q3 is robust and even slightly surprising. q3 income ring + 7.35%, mother net profit ring + 6.2%, at the top of the performance forecast (q3 quarter net profit for mother = 1,371 million, and $1.28 billion for study machines, food beverages, etc.)
The q3 operating costs are equal to +12.84%, the Māori rate is optimized and running at a lower cost.
Good performance recovery, attention to industry booming to release profit elasticity - 2023/08/12 Investment proposal: In view of the current three-quarterly recovery, we have made some adjustments in corporate performance, projections
\triangleright twice, 16 times, and 14 times. We believe that the value of the decentralized sub-channels is indispensable, and that the performance of the Division under high-level leverage is resilient. Maintains the `recommended' rating.
\triangleright repair pressure in the advertising industry; 2) loss of bad debts due to poor management of corporate receivables; 3) increased competition in the industry; and 4) change in community media patterns, with community media dominated by ladders being replaced by other media.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.