Company review report  Advertisement marketing, 24 October 2023.
Distributive media (00227.sz) incidents: company reports issued in the third quarter of 2023: total operating income for companies in the first three quarters of 2023 was 8675 million yuan, an increase of 17.71 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were 3,602 million yuan, same as
q3 performance continued the recovery trend of the first half of the year, with a high increase in net profits: q3 domestic advertising markets needed to continue the steady recovery of the first half of 2023, and based on last year ' s low base, companies achieved a sustained recovery in performance across the years.
A steady rise in business performance, which has grown considerably over the same period last year. q4 marketing seasons, branding promotions and placements are expected to expand, and we believe that the company, as a media platform for the world of life, is expected to drive the ai technological advantage during the boom season, which is expected to open up a second growth curve in the company’s future performance: the company’s 2016-
During the new aigc-led industrial cycle, companies create differentiated value for their customers through digitalization and the application of ai technology that enhances service capabilities and operational efficiency.
The introduction of such rich features as optimization, data analysis, etc., can effectively address the business pains of SMEs, increase coverage of medium- and long-tail clients, and increase the number of new advertisements for companies.
(002027.sz): Steady repairs, locational resources and client structure optimized q3 points in 2022 — 002027.sz: persistently depressed advertising markets affected by the epidemic and a boom in electricity.
The company's semi-annual edition of the 2022 report (002027.sz): The impact of the epidemic is under pressure and is expected to recover in the second half of the year.
(002027.sz): The client structure continues to be optimized, and 21q1 has erupted. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.