The public media (002027.sz) continue to repair profits, focusing on macro-remediation and aigc efficiency.
q3 performance is continuously being repaired upwards. 1) The company discloses 23 years of 3-quarters revenue of 8,675 million yuan in the first three quarters and net profit to the mother of 3,602 million yuan, an increase of 18 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, corresponding to the full spread of eps0.25, close to the ceiling of the performance forecast (the company ' s 3-quarters forecast is expected to achieve a return to the mother).
zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn net profit of $3511-3611 million; of which q3 quarter achieved operating income of $3.158 billion, yuan; 2) significant improvement in company performance in the first three quarters and q3 from last year ' s low base on the one hand and q3 on the other on the other.
In the first three quarters, the company's Māori ratio reached 65.5%, the resource points were ahead, the competitive advantages were highlighted, and the ability of the ai to do so was expected to further improve business efficiency.
On 31 July, the corporate life circle media network covered about 300 cities in the country, Hong Kong SAR, and more than 70 major cities in Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, and Viet Nam. Of these, some 892 thousand were self-employed in television media, and about 154.7 in elevator poster media.
There are 1827 cinema-cooperative cinemas, covering some 13,000 cinema halls and covering over 270 cities in the country. There are approximately 52,000 television and video equipment for the conglomerate elevators, elevator posters for the participating companies, and some 331,000 media equipment; media resources are well ahead of the curve; and 2) digitalization is currently taking place.
Cloud-end online distribution has been achieved and most screens have been networked, and remote online monitor screens have been broadcast. Meanwhile, the location resources have been restored through continuous in-depth analysis of large data and integration with platforms such as Skycat.
To help clients achieve accurate and efficient delivery on a continuous basis, and to effectively promote synergies in effect, the marketing rate of the Reciprocal Media (002027.sz) — the external environment is improving, advertising demand is expected to recover, has become an important underline flow portal.
Divisional Media (002027.sz) - Performances on a Continuing Decline, Attention to Changes in External Factors, which allows continuous overlap and optimization in the actual scenes through in-depth excavation of historical advertising data, Divisional Media (0020227.sz) - External Environmental Repression of Performance, Attention to the Second Half of the Year
Continuing to build up its capacity will greatly enrich its combined capacity in advertising creativity, advertising strategy development, advertising promotion optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., thereby empowering more advertisers. Divisional media (002027.sz) - The epidemic has led to a significant decline in performance, focusing on recovery.
Investment recommendations: We maintain the profit expectations, with a significant spot advantage in 2023-25, when the net return profit is expected to be on the life-cycle media platform, i.e., the technology is expected to boost the efficiency of the company ' s operations, and revenue and net profits continue to improve. 1) The company discloses the 23rd quarterly report, with the company achieving operating income in the first three quarters of the year.
The 86.75 billion yuan net return to the mother of $3.602 billion, an increase of 18 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, corresponds to a significant improvement in the performance of the panoply of eps and q3 seasons, on the one hand because of last year's low base and, on the other hand, the upward elasticity of profits resulting from improved harvests in a context of relative cost stability.
(a) The recovery of 93 per cent of revenues and 15.2 per cent of revenues from the same year, as well as an increase in the Māori rate (5.36 pcts) in the media in the building as a result of an improvement at the end of the revenue base; and (b) a decline of 3.8 per cent in the production of 376 million yuan in cinema media and 6.8 per cent in the same year; and, as the demand for visuals recovers, the rehabilitation of cinema media is sustainable;
As of 31 July, the corporate life media network covered some 300 cities in the country, Hong Kong SAR, and more than 70 major cities in Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, and Viet Nam. Of these, some 892,000 were self-employed, with elevators and elevators.
There are about 1.547,000 self-employed media outlets, and 1827 cinema-cooperative cinemas, covering some 13,000 cinema halls, covering more than 270 cities in the country. There are about 52,000 conglomerate elevator television media equipment, and about 331,000 participating company elevator poster media equipment; media resources are well ahead of the curve.
Table 2: Changes in the volume of media resources Digitalization and the technological development of the ai are expected to enhance the company’s ability to operate. In terms of digitization, cloud-end online distribution has been achieved and most screens have been connected and remote online monitor screens have been broadcasted.
Through continuous in-depth analysis of large data and collaboration with platforms such as Skycats, companies have continued to help clients achieve accurate and efficient investment based on the different consumer needs and brand preferences of different types of buildings, community consumers, and have been effective in promoting synergy of effects, significantly increasing the rate of sales conversion and becoming an important offline flow portal.
The model has been deployed and continues to be fine-tuned and iterative. Through deep excavations of historical advertising data, the model carefully constructs uniquely high-quality data sets and reasonable manual tagging feedback data, and is able to continuously overlap and optimize in the actual scenario and continuously enhance its capabilities.
A new industry solution would greatly enrich its combined capabilities in advertising creativity generation, advertising strategy development, advertising placement optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., thereby empowering more advertisers. Investment proposal: We maintain profit expectations, with a net return expected in 2023-25, respectively
It is significant that the ai technology is expected to contribute to the efficiency of the company’s operations and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.