2303 point remarks: low-season revenue continues to grow, with profit from efficiency reductions continuously releasing qoq + 7.4 per cent; net profit from return to mother is 1.37 billion yuan, an increase of 88.48 per cent, qoq + 6.2 per cent, demand side: summer overlaps with Mid-Autumn National Day, and the need for major announcements is significantly warming
Ctr data show that the advertising market rose by 8.7%/50% in July/August of the same year. Of this, the advertising costs on elevator lcd in July/August of the same year increased by 25.8%/24.1%; elevator posters, company prices compared to the trend of 300 feet deep.
The cost of advertising increased by 1.6 per cent/2.9 per cent over the same period; the cost of advertising on cinema video increased by the same year, according to the head advertiser, the elevator lcd advertisement in January/August of 23 years placed Top5 as a farmer; the mountain springs, Dewey, cranes, apes, easy-to-do clients; and the structure of the advertising major industry.
See, in January-August of 23rd year, the elevator lcd commercials were placed with a similar speed increase in top3 in domestic appliances, cosmetics/baskets, entertainment and leisure, and the advertising costs doubled by the same time.
1) Elevator TV Media: As of July 23rd, the total number of company elevator television outlets was about 94.40 million (an increase of 11.3% over the same period), of which about 8.92 million were self-employed. The location structure of self-employed equipment continued to be optimized, with 225,000 first-line urban sites (an increase of 9.2% over the same period), and two-line cities.
2) Elevator poster media: As of July 23, company elevator poster media total number of places
Self-employed equipment continues to phase out low-line locations, reaching 421,000 in first-line cities (4.2 per cent more than in the same year), 92 million in second-line cities (the same as in the same year), 3 lines and the following cities: medium-hand trips: game research and distribution
A total of 20 million posts (a 5.2 per cent decrease over the same period) and more than 60 million offshore points (along-year growth) (a full-link development with a series of price increases in July 23, January 24, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 24, 24) are expected to be released from leverage.
• Corporate depth: Thirty-seven Recreations: Globalizing: On 9 July, the company stated on the interactive platform that the price of the elevator television media, elevator poster media, elevator smart screens, three media outlets, had increased by 10 per cent since July 2023;
Corporate Depth: Cyber-s: Focus longboard, based on the fact that there is no major change in the macro-environment, the company is expected to continue to maintain the normal • Corporate Depth: Gibbit: Game Research Power next January.
Owing to the relative rigidity of rental costs, corporate leverage was further released in the context of the rise in published prices and the continued optimization of the position structure, with 2303 net interest rates at 43.4 per cent and an increase in the corresponding rate of 3 performance ratings: demand improvement and business optimization combined
Macroeconomic pressures persist; advertising demand is not recovering as expected; industry competition is increasing; Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives in seller research. In 2015, Crystalball 3rd and 2017, new information on legal compliance was used to produce this report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report were published in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.