(002027.sz): Performance in the third quarter of 23 years
Incidents: The Distributive Media (002027.sz) published the third quarterly report for 2023 on 24 October 2023. The company earned 3,158 million yuan in the third quarter of 2023, an increase of 25.44 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of 1,371 million yuan, an increase of 88.48 per cent; and the non-mother ' s net profit of 1,285 million yuan.
The pre-published performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2023: The net profit forecast for the first three quarters of 2023 was $1.380 billion, with performance at the highest level of the performance forecast, as expected.
In the third quarter of 2023, consumption \triangleright was gradually released as the domestic economy returned to normal, and demand for advertising markets recovered steadily.
At the same time, companies are expected to build a new growth curve by enabling them to upgrade the operational capacity of their clients at different levels by enabling them to do so. After a two-month negative increase in the monthly cost of the ctr media, 1.1% of the growth in elevator television in August was repeated.
Monthly spending +24.1%, ring growth +4.1% continuously positive; monthly elevator poster spending, consumer goods-type customers maintaining a high percentage, increasing the number of new customers. Consumers-type customers maintaining a high percentage, analysis of the media and other income composition of buildings in the first half of 2023, using consumer goods per day
In September, our team started to keep track of the multi-dimensional data of the sub-trailers on the Shanghai line, with the overall trend of a single round, which is relatively stable, with daily consumer advertising ranging from 60% to 70%, and real estate housing, etc.
There are more than five new customers per week, mostly in the form of daily consumption items, such as glorified toothpaste, empty face, and a variety of fresh milk products.
According to new data from research under the line on October 21st, 2023, the number of new customers was significantly higher than in the previous weeks, as the two-day conglomerates co., Ltd. Internet customers aired ads over a period of time.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which is dominated by consumer customers, has seen an increase in the length of the total airtime, and we continue to look at the increase in the back-up of front-line advertising.
Investment proposals: split up as a leader in the domestic ladder industry, with bargaining power, companies insist on optimizing client structure and location resources, and companies re-engage in finding new growth agents after Internet clients.
To one side of the company, vertical marketing models serve customers on the one hand, and, on the other hand, it is expected to benefit from advertising as a result of a follow-up explosion in the application of the one. We expect to divide the media 2023-2025 \triangleright
B.A. From 2016 to 2021, he worked on Skywind Securities, covering the Internet, games, advertising, electricity and other plates, as well as research on meta-cosm and sports, with five years of research experience and long-term follow-up coverage of the Hong Kong-American stock market and the Internet industry.
The University of Post and Telecommunications has a bachelor’s degree in computers, formerly in telecommunications, for three years in the primary market, for five years of entrepreneurship (a.i. artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, etc.), and has industrial experience in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual digitals, and the Internet. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, focusing mainly on US stock research and coverage of a. Ports’ shares in the context of overseas mapping.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.