2023q3 Performance rating: 3-quarter sustained recovery, battalion 26 October 2023
• Q3 performance in the mass media, with revenue of 3,158 million yuan in 23 years, an increase of 25.44 per cent in the same year, and 7.34 per cent in the ring. Net profit return of 1,371 million yuan, an increase of 88.48 per cent in the same year.
Leveraging has shown resilience: performance has been rising steadily in the first quarter of 2023, head consumer, advertising is still extremely resilient when it comes to the bottom of the economy, and i education advertising has started to contribute income in the third quarter, and companies are in the advertising market as the best advertising medium.
Alfa attributes. In addition, it has high-performing leverage properties, with 2.82 million hits in the first half of the year, and a mere $1,003 million in operating costs for 2023q3, further strengthened by the leverage elasticity of the camp. As consumption warms, policy shifts have boosted major consumption, such as cars.
The elasticity of individual performance in a procyclical context is expected to be further released. Disaggregated industry advertising highlights, looking at the next 2024 performance restoration: 1) The public sector will be able to increase client company coverage in the future through the i-models, with past content generating capacity inadequate.
The problem will be solved. 2) In the future, tob end markets will be actively developed, mainly toc end markets, and b end customers will also have a greater demand for advertising. 3) 2023 The beverage industry, accompanied by social rehabilitation, will be more than expected, as companies previously had been at the beverage shop.
There are more cases of accumulation and success, and growth is expected to continue in the future. ai marketing vertical models are entering the internal measurement phase, increasing the coverage of medium- and long-end clients opening up the second growth song, 002027:2023q3
Lines: Distinguished i model with advertising, graphics, graphics, placement strategy development, performance pre-evaluation: performance is more resilient, optimal, data analysis, etc.
The advertising service will address the needs of SMEs due to production costs, production cycles, etc., and the number of clients covered.