In the third quarter of 2023, the independent media (002027) reported a steady recovery of 23q3 performance, with a promising consolidation of the dominant advantage: the distribution of the tri-quarter report in 2023, and the company ' s revenue of 3,158 million yuan in 2303.
The same-year increase of 25.44 per cent; the net return to the mother increased by 88.48 per cent; the same-year increase of 88.48 per cent.q3 recorded an increase in performance to the same-year round.
Achieving operating income of 3,158 million yuan, a 25.44 per cent increase in the same year, a 7.35 per cent increase in the ring; and a ceiling on net profit returns. During the low season of advertising, corporate q3 revenues and net profits increased in both year-on-year and ring-on-year terms.
In January-September 2023, cinema video, elevator lcd, and elevator poster advertisements were better repaired than the industry as a whole.
With about 300 cities in the country and more than 70 major cities abroad, covering the dotage industry leads, with companies continuously optimizing media coverage structures in the media sector, concentrating on one major data on 16 November 2023.
Second-line city layouts to ensure high flow and high-quality transformation. In cinema media, the Department, in collaboration with cinemas, has contracted to be more flexible and efficient than the 10,000 films, which rely mainly on their direct cinemas for advertising.
In recent years, companies have followed the trend of digital growth, and are expected to take advantage of their dominant position in the world of life media, and to contribute to a steady growth in their business performance.
Active application of digital tools and artificial intelligence technologies to provide new solutions for the industry and to enhance companies’ combined capabilities in advertising creativity generation, advertising strategy development, advertising optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., to create differentiated services for advertisers. For example, companies can use a number.
According to the analysis, consumers in different building media have access to information on consumption needs and purchasing intentions for different types of goods to help clients achieve accurate and efficient investment and increase sales conversion rates. At present, large models of company sales are being deployed, ongoing refinements and overlaps are under way, and it is hoped that they will be better equipped in the future.
In this context, companies continue to expand their high-quality positions and optimize the structure and volume of media resources.
A highly well-structured digital marketing that is expected to sustain a sustained recovery in the company's future performance. Note: “market index” for this rating system,a a stock reference of 300 indexes; and a new three-board reference point.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively and within the limits of their knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is not subject to the management of their respective business departments, issuers, listed companies, and funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used this report to issue the report.