23q3 performance repairs were significant, and the escalator continued the trend towards a critical mass media rating (002027) 26 October 2023
The company released its third quarter performance report for the year 2023, which generated $8,675 million in revenue in the first three quarters, adjusted the advertising market in January-August 23, maintained the upward trend in the escalator, and recovered its performance well. According to ctr data, domestic advertising costs 5.3 per cent more in January-August.
The overall market shock has been adjusted, and the recovery has been marked. The elevators, lcd, and the elevator poster channels, have been on the rise for the same time, with 24.1% and 2.9%, respectively, in August. The cinema video channels have gradually recovered with the electricity market, the population has become more interested in viewing and the cinema has resumed its operations, thus achieving a strong counter-intensity.
The company, as the leading media company in the building, has achieved a strong recovery in revenue; effective cost control within the company, reduced management costs, multiple enabling factors together pull back profits, and overall recovery is positive.
Trailers continue the trend, 23H1 performance rebounds, Trailers continue the trend, and advertisers have high demand. The company has built the largest city in the country, Trailers continue the trend, 2301 shows up.
As of July 31, 23, the Life Circle Media Platform, which covers about 300 echelons of the mainland, has a significant advantage, with q1 performing for a short period of time under pressure in 70 major cities abroad, including cities, Hong Kong Administrative Region, and Indonesia, and South Korea.
Camp Elevator TV, 892,000 (yoy+11.22%), self-employed elevator poster media, 1547,000 (yoy+0.52%), with the escalators maintaining their general expansionary trend and strong leadership positions. Companies are actively and orderlyly expanding their high-quality resource points, both within and outside the country, to further optimize their media coverage.
As the economy improves, consumption returns below the line, cinema operations improve, demand in advertising hot spots such as the Internet, new consumption, transportation, etc. will continue to grow, and demand from advertisers will grow.
Xia Qingjing, continued digitalization, intelligent marketing, and the development of ani-driven solutions. In recent years, companies have continued to upgrade their digital and intelligent marketing capabilities, and have now achieved cloud-based online delivery and will no longer exist.
Most of the screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available. Meanwhile, Prince Lee's Central Port Division continues to sharpen its data analysis capabilities to help clients achieve accurate, efficient and effective delivery.
The company has also completed a large model marketing department, which is committed to the development of a new one-driven industry solution that will greatly enrich itself in advertising, creative creation, advertising strategy development, advertising optimization, advertising data analysis, etc.
Harmonizing capabilities, and thus empowering more advertisers. Profit predictions and investments suggest that, with 23 years of gradual recovery in macroeconomics and consumption and rising demand for multi-channel advertising, such as escalators, corporate performance recovers in line with previous expectations, and we maintain profitability.
Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, policy regulatory risks, emerging media diversion advertising advertisers predict risks, risks of uncertainty of demand in advertising markets.