Year 2024: Self-regulation on the side of the supply of cement showed results, 25.03.2025 Self-regulation on the side of the supply of cement boosted a rebound at the bottom of the profit q4. (1) Company sales of cement and clinker from products throughout the year.
The central competitive advantage of costs supports the public sector’s profit performance significantly better than its peers. (2) Cement demand has continued to be stressed since the second half of 2024, but industry supply has declined.
Self-regulatory controls have been strengthened and significant gains have been achieved, with q4 national cement prices stabilizing at a high level. We measure the dollar/+12/+3 of which the q4 single-season Māori rate, net sales interest rates have risen by 7.4 pct/2.3 pct, respectively, and cost increases over the period.
Overseas offices, the production of the Andijan conch in Uzbekistan and the accelerated construction of the conch in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, increased the capacity of 2.3 million tons of clinker overseas and 8 million tons of new cement production through relocation, among other things.
Conch Cement (600585); 3-quarter report 2024 Light storage capacity of 103 megawatts, which will sustain the growth in performance that supports the extension of the industrial chain.
Review: O3 bottom of profits, industry self-regulation has shown remarkable results.
Review: Business resilience, self-regulation in the non-cement and overseas gold industries, with the prospect of a shift in the industry’s profit center in 2025. The industrial competitive order has been repaired relatively quickly since the beginning of 2025 under the leadership of a leading firm, with two long triangle rounds of price hikes at the end of last year’s history.
With a significant increase in the willingness of the industry to maintain profits and a sustained self-regulation of the supply, despite the downward pressure on demand, we believe that the supply-demand rebalancing of the industry through supply contraction will be significantly shorter and more sustainable, and that the profit center is expected to move significantly up this year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company demonstrates a combination of cost-leading advantages in the next period, and the expansion of the industrial chain provides new growth dynamics. The current net rate valuation of the cement block market is still at the bottom of history, with industry self-regulation improving and the supply side of the cement industry pushing q4 profit bottom rebounds. (1) Corporate sales of cement and clinker self-products throughout the year.
2.68 million tons, or -6.1% of the same, equivalent to the average ton/t M$ 246/59/29, or -28/-$10/-$9, respectively. Ton costs benefit from cost-control measures such as accelerating the use of alternative fuels, optimizing the procurement of raw combustion materials, and lower coal prices, which are between $18 and $187. Core competitive advantages such as costs support corporate profitability performance.
In the second half of 2024, cement demand continued to be under pressure, but self-regulation on the supply side of the industry was strengthened and yielding significant results, with the q4 national price of cement stabilizing at a high level. In the second half of 2024, we measured the company’s continued dominance, the establishment of overseas offices in Africa and South America in 2024, and the launch of the Andijan conch in Uzbekistan.
Production, Cambodia’s Phnom Penh conch accelerated construction, adding 2.3 million tons of overseas clinker capacity and 8 million tons of new cement production, including through relocation. Industrial chain integration development progressed steadily and contributed more. Corporate cement and clinker operations contributed 40.46 million Māori in 2024.
Billion dollars, plus 5.2 per cent, or 4.0 to 20.5 per cent of the gross Māori increase, mainly as a result of additional bone and machinery production capacity of 14.5 million tons in 2024, commercial hybrid capacity of 12.1 million cubic metres and light storage capacity of 103 megawatts, will support the growth in performance in the extension of the industrial chain.
Capital spending has continued to shrink, and the equity returns have been enhanced by a bonus plan. (1) The annual equity dividends generated by the company’s operations in 2024 suggest that cash dividends and equity buy-backs account for no less than 50% of the net profits of the parent.
In return, industry's willingness to maintain profits has increased significantly, and supply self-regulation has been sustained, despite downward pressure on demand, and we believe that industry's time to rebalance supply and demand through supply contraction will be significantly shorter and more sustainable.
Figure 2: Cash flow and capital spending on company operations (millions of yuan) Companies show a combination of cost-leading advantages at the bottom of the line, and the expansion of the industrial chain provides new growth dynamics. The current valuation of net rates in the cement block is still at the bottom of history, and the flagship is expected to do so as industry self-regulation improves and profits rebounds.
Rehabilitating. Based on the self-regulation of the industry ' s supply, we have raised the firm ' s net return profit forecast for 2025-2026 to a higher-than-expected decline in demand for cement; the industry chain expands upstream and downstream than expected; and the risk of increased competition in the market.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.