Industry synergies are expected to lead the way, and corporate profitability is expected to improve the 2024 annual report on conch cement (600585.sh).
In 2024, the Chinese cement industry was in a deep transition period. The housing sector continued to adjust in depth, with investment in real estate development falling by 10.6% compared to the previous year, resulting in a continuous decline in the demand for cement and a 2024 national cement industry.
18.25 billion tons, a 9.5 per cent decline in the same year. The company achieved a combined sales of 271 million tons of cement and clinker in 2024, a 7.46 per cent decline compared to the previous year, as a result of a decline in the price of the company ' s cement clinker product.
The overall profits of the cement industry have been severely reduced, with four quarters, a concerted strengthening of the industry, a low price year, the demand side, the support of the capital sector for the demand for cement will continue, and countries in the real estate sector have offered to push the real estate market to a steady halt; and the supply side.
The continuing deepening of supply-side reforms in the cement industry, the introduction of new production and replacement regulations, and stringent overproduction and replacement restrictions, are expected to accelerate the process of eliminating and curbing excess production in the inefficient sector, improve supply and demand patterns, and build a bottom-up recovery in the industry.
In 2024, the company continued to work as a strong cement master, with two-way domestic and foreign power, and integrated up and down the \triangleright chain.
Urban conch operations, successive overseas offices in Africa and South America, construction of shipping in Uzbekistan in February, successful overseas hosting projects; industrial chain development, following the production of six bone projects and the addition of 15 new commodities, including new ones
Concrete projects. The company increased clinker capacity by 2.3 million tons (overseas), additional cement capacity by 8 million tons, additional bone production capacity by 14.5 million tons, commercial concrete production by 12.1 million cubic metres, and light storage capacity by 103 megawatts in 2024.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: In 2025, the cement industry is expected to rise to the bottom, and companies are expected to concentrate on the main cement industry, promoting internationalization while promoting industrial chain co-development, both upstream and downstream, and corporate performance is expected to improve. Let's assume that the company's business earnings increased in 2025-2027.
\triangleright is part of this report. Without the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.
I am not interested in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I am not interested in this report.