Iron and steel information continues to be high, and Bo-Sin's performance is high.
The country has enacted a series of policies since 2021 in support of industrial Internet development and has set clear development goals. The iron and steel industry has been catalyzed by multiple factors, and, in many industries, by many.
The need for exchange rate is even more pressing, and the need for a strong information base is expected to last for more than three years, mainly in the steel sector, where the restructuring of the iron and steel sector has led to significant information transformation needs; 2) in the context of the “double carbon” policy, green growth in the steel sector is imperative for the energy-intensive sector, and information is an important tool; 3) intelligence
We measure that, by 2025, the iron and steel industry will have a potential market space of hundreds of billions of dollars. The iron and steel industry will have the most information-based subsidiaries, the most powerful of the steel industry's information companies, technology.
The most powerful, with the promise of leading the development of iron and steel information, is built on the deep understanding of the Treasure Star industry, which has a rare index of the entire industrial Internet chain: we believe that industrial understanding, technology, and ecology are the core competitiveness of industrial software enterprises.
The first shareholder of the Bo-Sin software is the China Treasure Group, the world’s largest steel company, which provides business and industry ecological support. In terms of industry understanding, the Bo-Sin-Sil-Sil-Technology Industry has been information-based for more than 40 years, accompanied by a wealth of information-based accumulations in the steel industry.
In terms of technology, companies are the ones with a small product matrix ranging from bottom smart equipment, to industrial automation, to mes software, to top-level erp management software, to industrial Internet platforms, to industry-wide chain products.
The company is expected to generate $9.1 billion in associated transactions in 2022, a year-on-year increase.
In 39% of cases, BMW played a leading role in the merger of the iron and steel industry, digitalization, and "doubt carbon" transformation, bringing large numbers of digital orders to the BMW. On the one hand, the BMW continues to be a source of profit.
Producing self-research products, such as large plc, scada, etc.. On the other hand, after the digitalization of large steel companies, such as the stock business, the Treasure Cloud, and the service steel, the standard module is refined and the product reuse rate is variable.
As the business sector expands, there is a strong need for informationization in the steel industry, and Treasure Software is a priority for the industry, and products are growing in strength, which will then expand to other industries, such as metallurgy and medicine.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: in the short term, the information needs of the steel industry expanded during the "14th Five-Year" period, with the sword pointing to the southwest accelerating the rapid growth in the performance of the Treasure Software; in the long run, the Treasure Software product was well-placed.
In the future, we will expand to other industries, such as metallurgy, medicine, and are expected to become Chinese industrial Internet leaders. On this basis, we are projecting the return net profits of Bosin software for 2022-2024 as an advantage resource for integrated layout cloud computing.
Billions. For the first time, it's covered with a "buy-in" rating.
The Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department was established in the year 2001 and changed its name to Shanghai Bosin Software Inc. In 2014, Shanghai Bosin Data Center Ltd. was established and began entering the data centre, cloud computing industry. In 2020, the industrial Internet platform xin3plat was launched to further enhance industrial Internet capacity-building, and in 2021, the prc product was released and achieved.
As of July 11, 2022, Boshan Steel Co. Ltd. held 49.55% of the company’s shares, the company’s first shareholder, and China’s Bo Wu Steel Group Co. Ltd. held 48.56% of the steel.
Treasure is the world’s leader in the steel industry, and China ranks 72nd out of the world’s 500-strong list of wealth published in 2021, and continues to be the world’s leading steel company. Bao's aggressive push for intellectual creation, and Bo’s information subsidiary, under the banner of Treasure, will undertake a great deal of information-reforming work to promote rapid growth in the harvest.
1.2. The product layout industry ' s industry-wide Internet chain and the idc Operations Treasure Software operations are mainly software development and engineering services (industrial Internet-based) and service outsourcing (idc-based).
Industrial Internet operations range from hardware to software, providing industrial Internet solutions that are integrated from bottom smart devices to upper-level applications. The industrial Internet products of Treasure can be divided into information, automation, and intelligence. Information is mainly a pure software product such as mes, erp; automation is an integrated product of smart equipment, hardware such as plc, hardware and hardware.
Intelligentity is mainly a smart city, a smart transport product. Treasure software has a more comprehensive product matrix and is a relatively small provider of business digital transformation packages and solutions in the country. The idc business is mainly an independent third-party idc provider, providing services such as rental of containers to customers.
Figure 3: Treasures in software products 1.3. Industry landscapes drive rapid growth, products optimize higher profitability Industry climates and new business expansions drive rapid growth in performance. On the one hand, the steel industry has received fast growth since 2016
On the other hand, the rapid growth of corporate idc operations has become an important part of the growth in corporate revenue. As a result, the performance of Treasure Letter software grew rapidly in 2016-2021, with a 24% compound increase and a 40% compound increase in parent net profits.
In 2021, BoSat collected $11,759 million, an increase of 24 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with a net return of $1.819 billion, a gradual decline in the same rate of increase, a steady increase in the net interest rate and a steady increase in the quality of profits. BoS values research and development inputs, 2017 - core new products.
The rate of sales and management costs has declined significantly, with a 72 per cent revenue ratio and a 27 per cent revenue ratio for the idc operation, and an accelerated growth in corporate industrial Internet operations between 2019 and 2020, with the demand for steel information building, and the idc operation turning into a new business using steel as a treasurer.
With regard to Māori, since software development and engineering services include hardware and integration, the Māori rate was 28 per cent in 2021, and with the increase in self-research and reuse rates for industrial Internet products, the Māori rate is expected to accelerate the digitization of the steel industry as the industry’s Internet rises.
The 14th Five-Year Industrial Internet is an important direction, and the Industrial Internet is a result of the integration of global industrial systems with advanced computing, analysis, induction technologies, and Internet connectivity. The essence of the Industrial Internet is to bring people, machines, objects, and systems through an open and globalized industrial network platform.
Linkage. These include factors such as equipment, production lines, factories, suppliers, products and customers, and the efficient sharing of elements, resources, information in the industrial economy, and the construction of a completely new manufacturing and service system that covers the whole industry chain and the entire value chain. The industrial Internet provides the means to digitalize, network, and intelligent industrial development.
The industrial Internet consists of four main components: industrial Internet platforms, industrial software, industrial automation devices, and smart equipment. Smart equipment carries out specific manufacturing operations on the executive floor, such as the handling of industrial robots and the processing of machine beds.
Production of production of petrochemical lines; industrial software for the analytical layer, industrial automation devices and smart equipment to feed relevant data back into industrial software, analysis of industrial software and issuance of instructions to operate at the executive level, such as aps ' high-level schedule, Mes ' production plan; industrial Internet platform for interactive layers, industrial software, automation controls, smart fittings
Access to industrial Internet platforms allows information to interact and synergize within and outside the plant. Figure 13: Smart manufacturing and industrial Internet system structure. China’s industrial Internet market is expected to break by 1.2 trillion yuan in 2025.
Data from the Action Plan for Innovation Development (2021-2023) indicate that the size of China's industrial Internet market is expected to reach 98,149 million yuan in 2023 and 1.2 trillion yuan in 2025. The 14th Five-Year Plan for Informationization and Deep Industrialization Development sets out clear objectives for industrial Internet construction, such as the popularization of industrial Internet platforms by 2025.
In 2019, the percentage of industrial Internet stations, industrial software, automation and smart equipment camps in China was 87 per cent. Figure 15: Industrial Internet platforms and industrial software in China in 2019
The Internet industry accounts for 46% of the revenue, the Treasure Software industry, the Internet industry, with a matrix of products ranging from the bottom smart equipment to the top industrial networking platform, with a focus on the production of manufacturing links. We have a more representative market for our mes and plc products.
According to e-works, the size of the market in China was 4.3 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 8% in the same year, and in 2021, the size of the market in China is expected to return to double digits in the context of national policy support and the gradual elimination of the impact of the epidemic.
According to idc, China’s manufacturing mes market accounted for only 11% of the first Siemens market in 2020, and Bosin’s second-highest market for 7.6%.
China’s plc market has grown steadily in size, with shares being monopolized by large overseas players. Plc is a central component of industrial control, with extensive applications in both process and discrete industries. According to the Chinese Economic Intelligence Network, China’s plc market grew by 10% in 2020, at a compound rate of 4% in 2011-2020.
In terms of the pattern of competition, China’s plc market is almost monopolized by foreign companies, and according to data available in Phuhua, the share of foreign companies in China’s plc market was over 80% in 2020, of which the number of first Siemens was up to 44%. 2.2. Digitalization of the steel industry is expected to take place in the long run, with space expected to exceed 100 billion yuan.
China’s steel industry will achieve high-quality development during the 14th Five-Year Plan. During the 13th Five-Year Plan, as the supply side has advanced, China’s steel industry has been restructured through a series of M&As to phase out its backward capacity. Industry concentration has been raised, and China’s iron and steel industry’s Cr5 concentration in 2019 was 26%, but is up to the world’s leading level, as in the United States of America.
In the 14th Five-Year Period, there are still problems of overcapacity, lack of security in the industry, ecological constraints, low concentration of the industry, and the need for high-quality development in our steel industry. The Guidance for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Steel Industry (Consultation Draft), issued on 31 December 2020, is clear.
The high-quality development of the steel industry has led to a large demand for digital construction. 1) The steel industry has increased its concentration through M&As, and digitalization is an important means of efficient and rapid integration of different steel enterprises after their merger, such as the use of unified erp, mes systems software. 2) The steel industry is an essential route to improved production capacity, and smart manufacturing mitigation efficiency is essential.
Guidance for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Steel Industry, published on December 31, 2020 (Advised Draft), clearly states that by 2025 the rate of control of key processes will be around 80%, the rate of digitization of production equipment will be 55%, and more than 50 smart plants will be built. 3) Under the “double carbon” goal, digitization is controlled energy efficiency in the steel industry, achieving “green”
Market space measurements: the size of the Internet market in the steel industry is expected to exceed $100 billion in 2025. We have chosen two methods for measuring the size of the industrial Internet in the steel industry, the first one being top-down, based on Chinese industry in 2023.
The size of the Internet market and the share of the iron and steel industry above 2020 in the industrial sector, the value of the steel trade in 2023 and the national share of the steel production in 2020, the iron and steel industry in 2022, the size of the industrial Internet is 74.2 billion yuan. Given the merger of the steel industry, the “double carbon” conversion, the degree of digitalization, etc.
Higher is expected to generate greater digital demand, and we expect the size of the Internet market for the steel industry in 2025, the steel information threshold is high, and Bo-Sin is the leading and powerful company in the steel industry. Iron and steel, industrial processes are more complex, information is implemented mostly by the iron and steel company's information subsidiary, and there are few third parties.
Information providers are involved. Most of China’s larger steel companies have their own specialized information-building departments, or the City of Information in the Iron and Steel Industry of the New Treasure Software Industry, which is expected to be more than 30%. 2.3. Industrial knowledge, product power, and ecology are the core competitiveness of the industrial Internet.
Industrial knowledge is the basis of the industrial Internet. Industrial Internet is first available in industry, and industrial Internet construction is extremely demanding for industrial knowledge, especially in the production implementation chain, where industrial software products are closely tied to the production line, and requires sufficient knowledge of production processes and processes to be analysed and optimized.
It began with a deep-deeping track with a strong industrial build-up that grew up through mergers and acquisitions. Emmerson, for example, is stronger in the deep-farming process industry than Hornewell, in the aviation industry, and in the expanse of the Westgate. The differences between the different industries are greater, and it is difficult for even the big head to cross the industry.
The digitalization of industrial enterprises is more likely to provide a holistic solution, not just a supplier of individual products. This trend has been recognized by major global industry Internet giants, such as Siemens, which has a flexible whole-industry product matrix from instrumentation, plc, mes to R & D.
The Treasure offers a package of information integration programs from erp to automation for steel companies that have been incorporated into the Treasure. The national industrial automating giants have also proposed the gradual development of an automated product provider as an integrated solution provider of services for the process industry as a whole.
Ecology helps industrial Internet flourish, especially for home-grown software. Good industrial software products are the result of industrial software manufacturers and customers working together to grind together. Clients give demand to industrial software manufacturers, industrial software manufacturers make products for use by customers, and then the customers use them to feed back to the software producers for modification, gradual adaptation, industrial enterprises and others.
Industrial software manufacturers are closely integrated. National industrial Internet producers are confronted with markets that have been monopolized by giants abroad, such as the use of overlapping products without the support of ecological customers, which make it difficult for them to get landfall and market share. 3. Resource holding, product grinding, and future brightness.
Industrial knowledge, product power, and ecology are the core competitiveness of the industrial Internet, which is essential on the way to the rise of the global industrial Internet giants. Likewise, we believe that these three capabilities, which are the key to the growth of the country’s industrial software producers, are the key to the growth of the scheme, who is the best of the three, and who can become the future Chinese industrial Internet giants.
It is believed that the world’s largest steel company, the Treasure Group, is at the forefront of informationization in China’s steel industry, whether it be industrial knowledge accumulation, product applications and grinding, or ecological support, and that it has a good basis to grow into a future Chinese industrial networking giant with greater certainty.
3.1. Amount: BMW in possession, strong industry support, big shareholder BMW Group is the largest steel company in the world and is committed to becoming a global lead in steel and advanced materials. According to IRA data, China produced 115 million tons of rough steel in 2020, ranking first in the world, and second in the world.
On the one hand, as China’s largest steel company, China’s Bo-Wu is an important participant in the restructuring of the steel industry and in increasing industrial concentration; on the other hand, it actively promotes the creation of green fine-good intelligence and is a pioneer in the digital transformation of the country’s steel industry.
As China’s first steel company, Bo-Sin will be merged, and the digitalization will be made by a merger company.
The BoSin software, as the main player in the digital transformation task under the umbrella of the Treasure, will benefit fully from the digital transformation of the steel industry. In the merger restructuring, BoSin assumes responsibility for the information reconstruction and integration work that will be incorporated into the Treasure Steel Company.
We'll do it again. We'll do it again. We'll do it again.
Eurometallurgical industry, which is known to the steel industry, is based in the Ministry of Steel and Steel Automation for more than 40 years, and was involved in the information development of the steel industry in the 1990s, which was accompanied by the acquisition and purchase of steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel, steel.
Eight steels, the BTW built these new steel companies to automate and computerize, with deep knowledge and build experience from the bottom smart to the top management software. BTW supports the BTW business. BTW brings a lot of digital orders to BTW.
The share of transaction revenue was 56%, the annual compound increase in associated transaction revenue was 35% between 2017 and 2021, and the company expected the associated transaction revenue to be $9.1 billion in 2022, an increase of 39% over the same period, and the support of Bo-jin was an important driver of Bo-in’s growth. At the same time, Bo-Wu also provided applications for the new products of Bo-Sin, such as Plc, Scada and others, which were the first to produce.
As China’s top steel company, Bo-Wu is more complex, and is a good scene for testing and improving its products. If it meets its production needs, it will lay the groundwork for expanding its products to other companies and industries.
As the steels and the steels merge into the BMW Group, then they buy horses and steel, then they buy them under the steel factory's flag, like the Wuhan Steel Engineering Group under the steel flag, and the Ma Jiko under the steel flag, they also buy them in the BMW software.
3.2. Quality: Self-research and standardisation of products and gradual improvement in the quality of profits
In 2020, Bo-Sin launched the industrial Internet platform xin3plat, and in 2021, Bo-Sin launched a large-scale plc product with fully autonomous design and localization, with performance indicators comparable to those of the latest high-end series of US-European-American manufacturers, which has been successfully validated by the multi-organic and high-speed processing-line units required for the highest level of control in the metallurgical industry.
Automation control layer, Bosin self-researching large plc, which has achieved a breakthrough in national production. Plc is the “brain brain” of the industrial control system, which can be divided into three categories: small, medium and large based on i/o points, where small plc barriers are low, medium and large plc technical barriers are high, and markets are largely monopolized by overseas producers on July 26, 2021.
Bosin released the core components of the autonomous industrial control system - the large plc (programmable logic controller) product, which is primarily oriented towards the metal high-end equipment needs. From plc to scada, Bosin has increased self-research in the field of industrial control.
The metallurgical industry is distributed throughout the process of scada software, which is being used as a pilot application. The Bo-Sin is increasing its research and development input, and will gradually move towards the autonomy of the industry, which, according to the wise industry data, will have a market of $292.3 billion for the entire industry in 2021, and a market of $17.3 billion for the metal industry, which will not be able to produce its own product in the field of industrial control.
Intelligent equipment layers, the Treasures open up 10,000 robots for planning. Based on production lines, job studies and feasibility, a simulation of the applications of the steel-making unit, and the development of the Bo-Charlie Robotic Clouds platform, which is designed to build it, is expected to open up a new market space.
On December 22, 2020, BoS released the autonomous industrial Internet platform xin3plat, which continued to be selected for the Industrial Trans-Industry Internet between 2020 and 2021.
Xin3plat is divided into two main platforms, plat and piplat, for two main applications: e-mail and automation. By the end of 2021, Bo-Sin had built 28 platform nodes, the platform had been connected to 4 + 10,000 devices, industry models 6,000 +, industry apps 7,000 +, covering 17 industries.
More than 50 solutions in 9 major areas, with more than 290,000 service providers. Figure 28: Bi-industrial Internet platforms released by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, 2020 and 2021, self-researching and product standardization upgrades, with a sustained increase in the Māori ratio of Treasure Software.
Heart products, such as plc, scada, dcs, are more dependent on large overseas players, such as Siemens, abb, etc., and take-out products reduce the company’s Māori rate. Bosin launched large-scale plc products in 2021, and plans were made to develop a national scada software for the metallurgical industry distributed throughout the process, which is expected to gradually nationalize the core products.
Industrial Internet platform xin3plat, based on which corporate product standardization is expected to increase. The continued roll-out of Boshin self-research products and product standardization are expected to increase the company ' s Māori rate, catch-up with the world ' s leading industry ' s huge Internet product recovery rate, and further increase Māori and per capita income generation.
The implementation has resulted in a wealth of data and experience, gradual extraction of common elements, gradual standardization of automated products and an increasing rate of reuse.
3.3. Expanding the field, from Bo-Sin to steel, to other industries The steel industry, with its power to create intelligence, has been spreading. For 40 years, Bo-Sin's software has been working on iron and steel information, and has accumulated a wealth of information technology and experience in the steel industry.
The concept of digital management has gradually been accepted by other steel plants, and Bo-Sin has accelerated its work on the digitalization of other steel plants outside the Soldiers. At the same time, Bo-Sin has begun to organize its operations in areas other than iron and steel, such as color, medicine, public services, equipment manufacturing, etc., where diversification has taken place, and we expect a share of the company’s industrial Internet operations from the non-steel industry.
As the steel industry developed with high quality, more and more steel companies began to learn from its digital construction experience. As an executor of its digital construction, Boshin also began to be responsible for the production of its digital construction concept.
In the field of medicine, Bo-Sin created a pharmaceutical industry with a core of pharmaceutical mes software, with systems like scada, wms, lims, supply chain management, etc.
In the area of civil aviation, Bo created a platform for integrated control and management decision-making, which is built around security management, passenger numbers, and security control.
According to core operations such as model and flight co-management, priority clients include Shanghai Airport Group, Pudong Airport, Rainbow Bridge Airport, Eastern Airport Group, Wuhan Tian Airport, etc.
4.1.idc is the base of the digital economy, and a stronger and greener economy is the direction of development. Big data drives the fast development of the idc market. With the rapid growth of new technologies such as cloud computing, the digital economy, and new economic patterns, global data volumes have increased significantly, creating a strong demand for higher numeracy, prompting the idc industry.
According to the science and technology advisory data, the size of China ' s idc market was 22.39 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 43% in comparison with the previous year. In terms of market patterns, three major operators occupied 63% of China ' s idc market in 2019, and third-party idc manufacturers were important players.
The three main operators have core network resources, sufficient bandwidth resources and resources throughout the country, as well as a rich corporate client and partner ecology, and have a clear advantage in building idc, but they are mostly self-serving and do not offer idc services.
Enterprises that provide data centre services such as leasing, bandwidth leasing, hosting, and proxy carriers. Unlike the primary telecommunications operators that build data centres to support the sale of their bandwidth, third-party idc operators can provide multiple network connections, and the network is not divided between operators and provincial boundaries.
Fonidc manufacturers have centuries-old interconnections, data for all nations, Treasure Letter software, etc., of which the market share of Treasure Software is around 32: China ' s market size was $223.9 billion in 2020, and China ' s industry ' s share of the market in 2019.
idc's business model is both wholesale and retail. Wholesales are mostly for large customers, usually using modules as the minimum rental unit. The customized data centre for mega-clients can be seen as an extension of the wholesale, which has been growing faster in recent years. Retails are mainly for small customers, usually the smallest rental unit in the hangars, and there are early service providers.
The container unit (u) serves micro-clients in rental units, but this micro-client is now mostly in the form of web-based self-services, turning to public clouds. In general, the wholesale test is the ability to integrate resources, build quickly, and expand, while the retail test is the ability to operate with precision.
Land resources, cost control, customer structure, capital input, and operational capacity are the core competitiveness of the idc sector. Land resources, first-line cities like Shanghai, Beijing, and surrounding areas are in high demand for data calculations, but land resources are scarce, policies are gradually tightened, and a good geographical location will allow for higher upscaling and prices. Cost control, idc plants.
This comes mainly from electricity, rent, etc., and good cost controls raise net interest rates. The customer structure, the high-quality large-scale client signing time, stability, and higher price tolerance. Capital input, idc, is a heavy asset industry, and prior capital investment is large and has a certain financial barrier. Service capacity, idc has become the core of many companies' data operations.
Large arithmetic centres, green low-carbons, are important directions for the future development of the data centre industry. In July 2021, the three-year action plan for the development of the new data centre (2021-2023), issued by the Ministry of Information and Communications, clearly states that it will take three years.
By the end of 2023, the size of the national data centre was maintained at an average annual rate of about 20 per cent, with the construction of large and above data centres down to 1.3 per cent on average, and in hard and cold areas down to less than 1.25 per cent.
In 2014, the Shanghai Treasure Data Center Ltd. was established and began to develop idc. The idc business of Bo-Sin is part of the Treasures software branding cloud, Treasures.
The former largest Rhodesc project, located in the Big Data Park in Shanghai, is the largest single building in the country. By 2023, it had a total of 50,000 hangars, and by July 2022 it had been delivered 30,000. In addition, Boshin had an idc planning project in the Shanghai, Mae Mountain, Fertilizer, and the surrounding long triangle of gold.
The Idc project is located in and around the front line of cities where there is a strong demand for numeracy, and it is geographically superior.
Cloud I-4 projects are a wholesale business model, dominated by large clients, such as troupe, Ali, and Chinese taser, with a high-quality and diversified client structure. The Bo-Sin usually gets the customer’s needs before building, and ensures a higher upscaling rate.
So the profitability of the Boshinidc project is higher among third-party idc manufacturers, figure 38: Treasure Clouds 1 to 4 years of profit, backed by the Treasures, the Treasures are well-funded, well-serviced, and energy consumption targets lead the country.
The Bo-Sin was the first to serve the steel data centre, with a wealth of business experience, long-term orders from large clients like Ali Baba, and proven ability to operate. The company’s Pue energy consumption index for the Treasure Cloud project is at the forefront of the industry.
China’s steel industry is still less concentrated than developed countries, and further integration of the steel industry and the removal of backward production capacity will result in a large number of high-quality steel plant plots. The steel industry’s housing is often characterized by a stable three-way water supply, a super-high power system, and a very high-grade electricity supply.
The company now owns reserves such as the Wuhan Big Data Estate, the Maysan base, the Lochi Industrial Park, or the construction of the idc project, and as the demand for quality customers rises, the Bosinidc business is expected to maintain the software development and engineering services business during the “145” period, the steel industry has increased its concentration and green low-carbon development.
A significant amount of information-building needs are generated, the Treasure software is based on the power of the treasure, the product performance is excellent, and the proportion of self-researched products is gradually increasing, with annual harvests increasing at 35/33 per cent.30 per cent.
And, on the other hand, the large idc resources of one-line cities will become scarceer as the East and West count and the two-carbon policy demands. The Treasure Software idc project is of high quality, I Division valuation: the company's business is mainly divided into software development and engineering services and idc operations, because of two parts of the business.
Products and business models vary considerably, and we value each part separately. System integration and other business camps receive relatively small amounts, non-corporate core business, neglect. Software development and engineering services:
Comparable company selection: Corporate software development and engineering services are divided mainly into information, automation, and intelligence, covering the entire Internet chain of operating management software industries, from smart equipment, industrial automation controls, production-manufacturing-type mes software, to erp. Using business similarities as a criterion, we select the process informationization fair that feeds deep into the petrochemical industry.
The Division controls technology, industrial Internet companies, erp use friend networks and industrial control companies, which have 46 times the average annual average of pe and industrial control companies, has a complete chain of bovine software products, is industry leaders, performance growth is clear, and bovine software is given comparable choice: corporate service outsourcing is primarily a third party idc and related services.
Sex is standard, with a third-party Idc service provider data port, Ophea data, and a new optical ring network as comparable companies. Relative valuation: as at 11 July 2022, corporate service outsourcing operations were 32 times higher than the average of companies in 2022, the Treasure Software Idc project was of high quality, and the Māori ratio was among the top industry companies, giving the Treasure Software Idc industry the highest ratio.
The industry is more cautious than the company’s average of p32, with a market value of $30.9 billion in 2022 for the outsourcing of the corresponding services. Treasure software relies on the world’s largest steel company, with strong industry support, and associated trade orders are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
At the same time, there is a gradual increase in the company’s Māori ratio and a steady improvement in the quality of its profits. At the same time, the high product capacity of Treasure Software and its implementation experience are gradually spilling over to the system, even outside the steel industry.
Industrial software is an important component of China’s intelligent manufacturing development, and industrial software’s national production policy may not be as advanced as expected.
Industry expansion is not as fast as expected. The company started to expand earlier on to industries outside the steel industry, but there are certain entry barriers between different industries, and the diversification of the corporate sector may not be as good as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board