Ideal Electric (002028.sz) has continued to grow in profitability, and overseas operations have accelerated to expand by billions of yuan, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period, with performance in line with expectations.
The rapid growth in revenue and increased profitability of the products of the coils are evident. 1. The In-depth Study of Ideal Electric Co. : A private leader in equipment transmission and transformation, with the products of the 1h24 company switch / coil / inorganic compensation / smart equipment, respectively.
The rate of income from transformer products in the coil business has increased faster, mainly as a result of the electrical transformer product. In terms of profitability, the Māori ratio has been 35.2 per cent/33.7 per cent/23.7 per cent and 31.6 per cent for corporate switches/circles/incompetent compensation/intellectual equipment products, respectively.
The company’s overseas operations are mainly two-pronged with equipment sales and epc packages, through the epc industry.
After more than a decade, the company’s overseas operations have entered a fast-growing phase, covering more than 100 countries, with 1h24 companies earning $1.51 billion abroad.
The ratio of overseas income rose further to 24.6 per cent over the same period +40.0 per cent; the Māori ratio of overseas operations increased the cost of sales/management/research and development and the cash flow of business activities increased more than year after year.
Incentive programs increase options costs. The net cash flow from the company’s operations in the first half of the year was 110 million yuan, compared with +873.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the increase in cash received for the sale of goods.
Labour motivation, accelerated investment in domestic power grids, persistent demand for overseas electricity equipment Investment/Overseas expansion/promotion, rising raw materials, increased competition in industry Access to more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market