行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
SF Holding (002352 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Tight rein on cost to offset ASP pressure
Target Price
RMB47.52
(Previous TP
RMB46.53)
Up/Downside
+16.1%
SF delivered solid 3Q19 results backed by improved OPM, while adj net profit
Current Price
RMB40.94
increased 62% YoY (55% higher than our forecast). We believe e-commerce
parcels will continue to boost volume growth, but the accelerated ASP downward
China Express Delivery Sector
trend make us prudent about revenue outlook in FY19/20E. That said, we expect
rigorous cost control to secure margins amid the heightened price war. Maintain
Gary Pang
BUY. We lifted FY19/20E adj EPS by 9%/2% respectively, and raised TP to
RMB47.52 based on 36x/33x FY19/20E P/E.
Strong beat in 3Q19 due to Opex improvement. Adj net profit grew 62%
Stock Data
YoY, 55% higher than our forecast backed by tight cost control, while
revenue increased 26% YoY, 11% below our forecast, mainly due to larger-
than-expected ASP plump in Sep (i.e. -14% YoY). As SF will maintain
aggressive pricing tactics in the coming "Double 11" amid intensified price
war, we are cautious about ASP trend, but expect continued rigorous cost
control will significantly benefit EPS growth despite GPM pressure. Hence,
Shareholding Structure
we lifted FY19/20E EPS by 9%/3%.
E-commerce parcels to weigh on growth outlook. In sharp contrast to
lackluster business parcels and start-up new business, we believe share
gains in e-commerce parcel market will continue to act as SF's growth pillar
Share Performance
in near term. We expect robust volume growth to continue in FY19/20E, but
are concerned about ASP accelerated downward trend as ASP was down
by 3%/7%/11% YoY in Jul/Aug/Sep respectively. Considering heated price
war during the e-commerce carnival and afterwards, we anticipate 8% YoY
Source: Bloomberg
ASP in 4Q19E, and thus lower FY19/20E revenue estimates by 2%/5%.
12-mth Price Performance
Tight cost control to secure margins. In 3Q19, the Company's Opex
margin ratcheted up by 1ppt QoQ/YoY thanks to strict cost management.
Mgmt guided that SF would carry out RMB3bn cost saving plan in 2H19E,
and we believe the continued cost cut will secure margins, given foreseeable
GPM pressure brought by further exposure in e-commerce parcel market.
Maintain BUY with TP RMB47.52. In view of 1) strong volume growth, 2)
ASP downward trend, and 3) improved operating leverage, we revised up
our FY19-21E adj. EPS by 2-9%. Therefore, we maintained BUY rating and
raised TP to RMB47.52, based on same 33x FY20E P/E. Key risks include
greater-than expected ASP decline and large restricted share circulation.
Auditor: PwC
Related Reports
1. Exp Delivery: Eyes on "Double 11"
amid accelerated sector consolidation -
2. Exp Delivery: Margins eroded in 1H19;
SF Holding: NDR takeaways: Back on
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: State Post Bureau, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Our FY19-21E EPS are 1-9% above consensus
Considering margin expansion driven by tight cost control, we revised up FY19-21E adj
EPS by 2-9%. Our FY19-21E adj EPS are slightly above consensus, due to our more
positive outlook on OPM improvement.
Figure 6: CMBI Earnings forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 7: Earnings forecast change
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Maintain BUY with TP of RMB47.52 (16.1% upside)
Our new 12-month TP of RMB47.52 is based on 33x FY20E P/E unchanged. We estimate
35% EPS FY18-20E CAGR, due to 1) 21% revenue FY18-20E CAGR and 2) improving
margins as a result of solid cost control.
Key risks include 1) greater-than-expected ASP decline, and 2) large restricted share
circulation.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore. CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.