“Democulation” is an example of an ecological chain business that continues to improve the quality of profits.
Rocks and technology are one of the leaders of the country ' s land-scanning robotic industry. We believe that, with penetration and penetration, the ground-scattering robot industry is expected to grow to more than 10 billion in 2021. The company brings together a core research and development team from Hua, Microsoft, with a strong product development capability.
The development of self-owned brands, the gradual reduction of reliance on the rice ecological chain in terms of products, channels, brands, etc., has proved to be remarkable, and is now independent. As companies sell overseas and have the right to price, the quality of corporate profits is expected to continue to improve.
..and with the gradual increase in the penetration rate of ground sweep robots, the market is expected to increase rapidly, and the domestic penetration rate of ground sweep robots is only half that of the United States market, and there is still much room for improvement in the future. According to the Center, about 5146 million ground sweep robots were sold in the domestic market in 2018.
The National Family Development Report (2015) calculates that 430 million households in the country, assuming a four-year replacement week for sweep robots, would sell about 108 million ceilings per year for sweep robots, in 2018 for domestic sweeps, with a penetration rate of about 4.8 per cent for robots, and, on the other hand, the primary operation of irobot under the first financial year of 2017.
The official christiancerda's interview recorded 10-11% penetration in 2017 of the U.S. robotics market. • Own brands, higher sales earnings from overseas channels, and further opening up of growth space for companies to “demiterate” have led to significant improvements in corporate profitability.
Without sharing the profits with the rice, the overall Māori ratio is higher than that of the rice brand. Currently, the company owns more branded products than the rice brand, and the revenue ratio is expected to increase continuously in the future as the company owns more branded products, more advanced products and more.
The company's own brand has gradually decreased its reliance on the rice channel, and the ratio of high Māori to overseas markets has gradually increased, reaching 8.48 per cent for sales abroad from 209h1 and, in the second half of 2019, the company again held the hand of Japan's soft and silver to expand overseas channels, and the future ratio of high Māori to overseas markets is expected to continue to rise.
1. Stone technology: borrowing rice to build a domestic vandal robotic locomotive 1.1, starting with Miodm, with its own branding and continuous upgrading.
In September 2016, the company launched a custom-made rice brand, "Mi's Smart Sweeping." Then, in September 2017, the company launched its first autonomous brand, "Stony's Smart Sweeping." In March 2018, the company launched a "Small Walls' Smart Sweeping" brand for small and medium-sized households. In April 2019, the company pushed a new product.
In recent years, as the company has expanded its own brand, its own brand income ratio has gradually increased, surpassing the rice brand. In the early days of 2016, the company provided a customized product for millet by the Odm model.
Robots, which are sold exclusively through the rice channel, quickly open the market. Since 2017, companies have introduced their own brand products and have gradually expanded their marketing channels, starting with a gradual increase in their own branding ratios, exceeding the rice brands. According to the stock offer, 2019h1 companies have made up 40,58% of their rice brands, their own brands, and their accessories, respectively.
1.2. Strong development of autonomous brands, significant growth in performance 1.2.1, dynamic branding, rapid growth of self-owned brands, rising harvests, reduced reliance on small-scale rice channels, and growth in the future.
Each year, the company realizes a gross operating income of $30.51 billion (+172%). We split the main income by product structure, and the rapid growth of own brand revenue led to an increase in the company’s gross operating income. From the point of view of the channel, the company’s own brand is growing at a time when the sales of rice platforms are declining and relying on the rice channel.
Overall, there is a certain level of independence and growth in the future. Figure 3: Growth in corporate revenue driven by rapid growth in own branding revenue, 1.2.2 benefits from own branding expansion and a steady increase in the Māori rate of corporate sales
According to the offer instructions, the Māori rate is 13.91%, 28.03%, 46.18%, respectively, for 2019h1 m , tiles, and stone . The Māori rate is much lower because of its location in high value-for-money products and its sale using a profit-sharing model.
Autonomous brands. Rock sweep robots upgrade their functionality on rice products, with higher sales prices and Māori ratios. Small tidal robots, although less configured than rice products, continue to increase their Māori sales rates as companies continue to expand their own brands.
Lower than Kovos, irobot, mainly due to the low Māori rate of the “Mimi Smart Land Sweeping Robot” product, the overall Māori sales of companies have continued to rise in recent years as the ratio of high Māori brand-owned products has gradually increased, with the Māori sales of stone technology reaching 34.75 per cent in the first three quarters of 2019, close to industry leaders.
1.2.3 Maintenance of a lower overall rate of cost during the period
Upgraded by 2.80 pct in 2017, mainly as a result of advertising and marketing fees, platform service fees and commissions, and higher remuneration of employees, after the launch of the brand. Specifically, the increase in advertising and marketing costs was mainly due to the expansion of the electricity vendor channel in 2018 and the increased promotion of advertising; and the increase in platform service costs, mainly due to the addition of a third party to the company, b2cpence.
The number of stations and the increase in the sales of platforms are the result of higher sales. Despite the increase in the cost of corporate sales, they are still at a lower level in the same industry, mainly because: (1) rice-cleaning robots are sold in small-scale mode, with lower sales costs; and (2) branding has been on the market for relatively short periods of time, and promotion is still lower than that of companies in the same industry.
Figure 8: Despite an increase in the cost of sales, it is still lower than the annual increase in peer companies of 4.92 pct, mainly as a result of the increase in the cost of recognition of senior equity incentives in 2018. 5.68 pct is lower than last year, specifically, the increase in R & D costs in 2018 was mainly due to an increase in technical staff.
Combined with the above factors, R & D costs increased by 9.73% in 2018 on a year-on-year basis, far less than the annual and 2017 R & D costs included in the administrative costs, so we compare the administrative and R & D rates together.
Sales started in September with lower revenues and higher R & D inputs. In 2017, as corporate revenue began to grow rapidly, the cost rate declined, and the management + R & D rate of 209h1 was lower than in figure 9: return to normal levels after a slight recovery in management costs in 2018.
“Management + R & D” costs are slightly higher than their counterparts’ net interest rates continue to rise and are profitable. In 2016, because the sale started only in September, the sales were small enough to cover costs and costs, resulting in corporate losses.
In 2018, the company achieved a net return profit of $308 million (+359.11 per cent), well above the growth rate (+172 per cent) and high profitability. The net return profit of $582 million (+236.13 per cent) was achieved in the three quarters of 2019.
The company ' s high Māori ratio of brand-owned products continues to rise, and the company ' s net profit is expected to rise rapidly in the future with stable cost rates.
Figure 12: With the increase in net interest rates, a rapid increase in net return profits has been achieved by 1.2.5 and the millet model has resulted in higher stock turnover rates than their counterparts, while the millet model has been raised year by year to higher stock turnover rates than their counterparts.
The sale of the product started only in September 2016, with a lower inventory balance at the end of 2016, which resulted in a higher stock turnover rate in 2017, resulting in a lower average stock surplus of 2017. According to the statement of shares, the company arranged production plans mainly on the basis of an order.
In comparison with other companies in the industry, the use of “marketed” production patterns for rice brand products by companies does not lead to higher stock turnover, and hence a relatively high stock turnover rate, which is significantly higher than that of their counterparts.
The turnover rate of accounts receivable has been raised year by year, with a higher share of short-term revenue from owned brands than from peers resulting in a higher rate of accounts receivable than from the same lines. Only four months of product sales in 2016 resulted in a lower rate of accounts receivable turnover in 2016.
The revenue ratio rose from 20.83 per cent to 50.95 per cent, resulting in an overall increase in the turnover of accounts receivable. As rice products are sold on a millet basis, which is not comparable to other companies in the same industry, stone-owned branding is higher than below-line revenue from the implementation of the advance payment model, compared to the stocking of power platforms with longer credit periods.
Lower than their counterparts, resulting in higher turnover of self-owned brand accounts receivable than their counterparts. Figure 14: Higher turnover of corporate accounts receivable from year to year, higher turnover of self-owned brand accounts receivable than peer 1.2.6.
The high asset turnover rate is much higher than that of our peers. We split up with the industry’s comparable company, Roe, and found that the high rate of stone technology is mainly due to its high asset turnover. A further analysis reveals that its high asset turnover is due mainly to:
(1) The income end fully benefits from the channels and branding capabilities offered by millet, whose income increases at a much higher rate than average (2) The fixed asset share of the company ' s total assets is lower than that of the industry ' s competitor because the company ' s products are mainly commissioned and have no own production base. (The high end product of Kovos is autonomous.)
1.3. The equity structure is stable, the management industry is rich, the company and the rice sector hold more than half of the shares, and the overall equity structure is stable. According to the offer note, the founder holds 30.99% of the company ' s shares, and is the actual owner of the company. Directors, supervisors, executives, and core technicians are present.
Before the launch, 50.35% of the shares were held. The stock-holding platform stone age held 10% of the company ' s shares, which is highly consistent with the company ' s interests. Mi is a capital, Tianjin Kimmy holds 12.85% of the company and 11.85% of the management industry is experienced.
Businesses, as programme managers, product managers, etc., have extensive R & D and product design capabilities. Other executives are also from leading companies like Microsoft and Huaiyong, which have accumulated over the years to provide a solid foundation for the development of corporate hardware and software.
2- Models of cooperation between rice and eco-chains by stone technology 2.1, full-scale reading of models of cooperation on millet custom products tend to be similar to those of various eco-chain enterprises, but the details are often not familiar to investors, and I am not familiar with them.
Using stone technology as an example, the cooperative model of tailor-made rice products is elaborated on in terms of product design, procurement, production, profit-sharing, etc. Figure 17: Rice is responsible only for customizing branded product definitions and id design.
In terms of staffing, Mi assigned only one product manager, one project manager, and one id designer.
From the point of view of investment, the cost of research and development of the product is covered entirely by stone technology, and the costs of registration and maintenance of applications for intellectual property rights are borne jointly by stone technology and millet.
The intellectual property rights derived from research and development are shared, and there is no technological dependence on small rice in stone technology. Under the operational cooperation agreement signed between the two sides, both millet and stone have the right to use the shared intellectual property rights on their own, without the need to inform and share the proceeds with the other side.
As a result, companies are not technically dependent on rice because they have a common intellectual property principle. Figure 18: Stone science and technology is responsible for specific R & D inputs and technological accumulation. Procurement is done independently by stone technology, and rice does not interfere with suppliers' choices.
There are three ways in which the value of spare parts is low and the degree of customization is broken down: (1) low-value, standardized parts are usually purchased by the company itself after the model specifications are developed by the company; (2) customized parts are procured by the company in quantities, prices and suppliers; and (3) high-value core parts are procured by the company itself.
In the case of production, all the products of stone technology are processed by commission, without a self-built production base, and without any interference in the choice of a factory.
From the information disclosed in the offer statement, Hinwangda is the company’s main processing commissioner. 2016-2019h1, the company’s commissioning purchase value.
In the case of stone technology, there are two types of income recognition: profit-sharing and direct sales. Eco-chain enterprises choose profit-sharing depending on the product.
Direct sales patterns: when stone technology transports the product to a designated warehouse, both parties settle by reference to the market price of the commodity, and when the rice is sold out, no longer divides with the company.
Hand-held wireless vacuum cleaners (domestic version) adopt this marketing model. Profit-sharing models: stone technology sells products to millet at cost (cost of raw materials, surrogates, logistics, etc.) and then sells them abroad through various channels of millet.
The net profit to be earned by both parties after the sale is completed is divided according to the agreed ratio (50% share of the rice-scaved robot. 50% share). This marketing model is currently used for rice-scaved robots and rice-held wireless vacuum cleaners (oversea version).
The amount of the share of stone technology = number of rice communications sales* (sale price - cost of stone technology - cost of small rice communications *) The share of the company = cost of small rice communications = freight costs and other costs arising from custom rice communications products
The cost of stone technology = the cost of selling it to millet 2.2, and the good start-up team facilitated the collaboration between stone technology and millet.
The founder's products were designed with a great deal of experience and appreciation for the user's experience. Chang-kyung had a rich product design experience before he created stone technology, and the valuable end-product design experience became the key to stone technology.
(1) Ceo at the Mood Chart Technology Company in Beijing, dedicated to building a one-stop American picture app with a collection of pictures, beautification, sharing and cloud albums. To enhance user use, he led the team to continuously repair and optimize the software and enhance socialization.
(ii) During the 100-degree map exercise as a senior product manager, a great deal of experience has been gained in product design at the heart of the product experience, providing functional definition and user experience for stone-swiping smart robots.
Many years of experience have helped stone technology to create the best user experience. Chang Quantified analysis of user needs and product positioning, a company-developed sweep robot that combines artificial intelligence, auto-scanning the layout of the room, building it.
By creating a map route, and also by increasing the micro-cleaning capacity, the process is being minimized and the user's experience is being realized, and the founding team's excellent hardware and software research and development is becoming a technical guarantee for high-quality products. Chang-kyung, in creating the stone, began to tap into a large number of hardware and software fields, providing technical support for intelligent clearing robots.
(1) In software development, members of the team have a great deal of experience with smart hardware equipment. Most of them have been involved in the development of smart hardware equipment at Microsoft, and are familiar with the design of systems, software and algorithms, and through excellent software design, they have reduced floor sweepers.
In terms of hardware research and development, team members come mainly from companies such as Huaieng, Nokia, Fujikang, and are guaranteed by the past work experience of the research and development team by the same smart hardware equipment as the mobile phone and the sweeper robot.
In addition, the company’s project management team combines the research and development experience of smartphone products with the overall control of user needs, product design, cost control, quality control, marketing.
The product ' s success is made possible by a combination of product life-cycle processes.3 Declassification of rice eco-chain development, from odm to independent brand power 3.1, from 0 to 1:1 milliodm, provides a good foundation for home-grown branding.
Mi provides key business resources such as brands, distribution channels, consumer groups, etc. for eco-chains, and provides good soil for incubating start-up brands. Mi selects start-ups that are consistent with its corporate values and specializing in a particular product area for incubators. These start-up firms are often highly competitive in terms of technology patents.
Through years of development, Mi has already had a strong resource of stable supply chain resources, powerful power suppliers and offline distribution channels, a good brand image, and about 500 million live users around the world. The strong dynamic of the eco-link companies, relying on the rice platform, has set the stage for subsequent development.
Stone technology, which was built on rice’s powerful life dynamics, quickly and smoothly through the start-up of a business, provided a good soil for the subsequent emergence of its own brand. Product methodology supports: behind the rapid growth of millet eco-chains and the frequency of their payments, it is the millet ecological chain.
The system's product methodology and culture support it. Mi's way of transmitting its product to rock technology is about values, and in August 2016 it was sold to a rice house with laser radar navigation technology and global planning functions at a price of $1.699.
The product id design supports: Mi-id design staff are involved in the physical design of stone technology products to achieve a high degree of uniformity in technology, colour, and style, and to create a synergistic flow effect among different commodities.
Brand endorsement: Mi used its ability to integrate industry to provide brand endorsements for start-ups in the ecological chain, to help businesses get stable supply chain partnerships up and down, to win consumer trust, to earn investment, to support the channel: Mi opened up to the early creation of stone technology, including pc-side small business towns, mobile phone apps.
This new retail model breaks the traditional line of goods, attracts consumers to significantly increase the frequency of visits, provides greater focus on products, and raises the volume of sales. On the other hand, support from the channel has significantly reduced the rock department.
The cost of sales in the early stages of technology allows companies to focus more on the grinding of their products. User base: Mi now brings together about 500 million active users across the country, mainly young men with similar values, with an increase in the coverage of eco-chain products over the past two years, and the number of female users continues to grow.
The interest of these active user groups in the products of the rice ecological chain and the exposure of the products they bring to the market have greatly contributed to the marketing of the products. 3.2, from 1 to 100: independent branding has gradually developed, and “de-mechanization” has been very effective.
The ultimate success of an ecological chain enterprise is that each company has the ability to survive, rather than rely on a small rice platform for a long time. Because of the fact that much of the product produced with Mi is branded as "mime" or "mi" , the primary value for money is at the same time that the "profit-sharing model" makes ecological chain enterprises less profitable.
In order to grow and develop continuously, chain firms have to move from the old odm to the obm, with their own branding skills, in order to become a full company and achieve higher returns. “Democulation” often requires a full range of products, channels, brands, supply chains, etc.
The technology “de-migration” works well. Product-end rock technology actively builds its own brand, raises its own pricing power, and leads to an overall increase in the Māori ratio through its own brand. The channel actively expands its independent non-mechanic channels and reduces its dependence on Mi-chan.
The supply chain has been relatively independent from the outset, and cooperation with upstream producers has been largely based on market choices and has been more sustainable. 3.2.1, “demographicization” at the end of the product: expansion, upgrading of core products, leading to increased profitability of the enterprise.
In 2016, when they were launched, they were widely appreciated, but there was still room for improvement in all aspects of their performance. One year later, rock technology launched its own first product, a rock-and-ground robot, which was comprehensive in terms of cleanliness, ability to get out of trouble, and hardware and software configuration.
At the same time, the unit price of the product was raised from $1.699 to $2499. In 2018, stone technology introduced a “small-scale tile-cleaning robot” with a higher price for small-scale, young users, selling it at a lower price than the Mi family, which is only $1,099.
The Māori rate for head-to-head robots and tidal robots is 14.99%, 42.06%, and 23.96%, respectively. The brand-owned product leads to an overall increase in the Māori ratio of companies.
The scavenging robots themselves are also constantly updating their products, upgrading the original primary S5 series, introducing a new-generation flagship model, t6, with a unit price raised from $2499 to $2799.
We've been doing a great job with "de-migration" since we have a brand income. We're looking at the size of the income ratio. In 2018, the company's own income outperformed the rice brand for the first time. In the 2019h1 data, there is still a continuing upward trend, and we think that the company is a “de-migmization” of the rice ecological chain.
Delegates, along with the continued “de-mechanization” drive, are expected to increase the profitability of the company as a whole in the future. 3.2.2, “de-mechanization” at the end of the channel: self-build channels, gradually reducing reliance on the rice channel as companies expand their own channels, gradually reducing the dependence of their own brands on the rice channel.
Since the launch of the product, stone technology has been expanding its own online and underline independent channels, with the exception of some sales under the flag of Mi, which are sold in the city and through the rice channel in Taiwan, the rest of the online offline cooperation and maintenance are carried out independently by stone technology.
The model is power-market platform warehousing, United States Amazon sales b2c, official network, flag shop, etc., and B2c direct sales. Underline distributors include purple light, morning, Russian Express, and so on. Figure 21:2019h1 sells only 8.54% of small- and medium-scale rice through brand names.
Figure 22: Growing reliance of brands on rice channels 3.2.3. Brand-end “de-migmization”: through new media to raise visibility, cross-border co-lending to increase product impact, through new marketing methods such as media, fans, crowds, slogans, etc., to reduce overall marketing costs and expand products
In terms of marketing, stone technology makes full use of new media for dissemination, which reduces the cost of sales by companies and allows more money to be spent on the grinding of products. On the other hand, verbal diffusion has greatly increased consumer awareness and credibility of products, directly affecting consumer purchasing decisions.
Figure 23: Marketing using a small red book, Figure 24: Social marketing of acquaintances through a friend's circle, first time in a friend's circle, 99 bucks worth of water
For the first time, I've got 99 bucks worth of water.
I'm buying a stone-scaved robot, not stepping on a mine, and I'm sending you one!
In July 2018, stone technology worked with the International Club of Milan to launch a custom version of the international Milan stone-scavening robot. The spirit of the international Milan “desiring, constantly transcending” matches that of the craftsmen who are constantly grinding stone-based upgraded products. This cross-border collaboration is not only mentioned.
The international branding of stone technology has increased its influence, which has led to a further expansion of the market for fans. According to Phoenix, a series of deep collaborations in sports marketing, fans promotion, product customization will continue in the future.
3.2.4. Supply chain: Core supply chains are not dependent on millet and have strong voice, although stone technology and millet have overlapping suppliers, they are not dependent on millet bargaining power for core suppliers.
There is cooperation between technologyhongkongmited, Hinwanda, Desai batteries and avnetechnologyhongkong Limited, and millet in plastic casings, cell phone batteries, bluetooth products. According to the offer statement, cooperation between these core suppliers and rock technology begins with an independent market-based choice between the two sides, and there is no rice and its connection.
The company or other third party influences. The mill also presents a statement that in procurement and production, the company's main raw material purchases and commissioning processors are independently selected, and that mills do not designate suppliers or substitute plants.4 There is an overall expansion of channels, types of goods, and there is greater scope for future development.
According to the AIDS Data Centre, there were about 5,146,000 sweep robots sold in the domestic market in 2018, a 30% increase over the same period, and a steady increase. Let's make a rough estimate: according to China's Family Development Report (2015), we are in total.
With 430 million households, assuming a replacement cycle of 4 years, the sales of the floor sweep robot market are estimated at 108 million ceilings per year, with a combined sales of 51,46,000 units in 2018, the penetration rate of the domestic floor sweep robot market was about 4.8 per cent, on the other hand, the chief operator of irobot based on the first financial year of 2017, christiancerda.
In 2017, the U.S. market penetration rate was between 10% and 11%. In line with the logic of incremental penetration, we made the following assumptions about the size of the market over the next five years: (1) assume that the replacement cycle for the replacement of the machine over the next five years would be four years;
(2) Assuming that the unit price of the scavenging robots increases slightly as the functionality increases, it is expected that the year 2019-2022 will be the year 2019 - 2022. 4.2. Extensions: product replacements will also lead to price shifts, Māori increases. Product renewals and expansions are essential to the long-term growth of the enterprise.
By comparison, while reducing the attractiveness to high-end customers, the “profit-sharing model” also limits the company’s profitability and influences the company’s long-term profitability. As a result, companies have been updating their original products since 2017, when they introduced stone brands for middle- and high-end people, and again in 2018, when they introduced a lower unit price,
For small and medium-sized families, young people, the “Small Land Sweeping Robots.” The continued increase in the branding of Maori has led to a significant increase in corporate profitability. On the one hand, the price of stone-smuggling robots has gradually increased as products have been upgraded, and the price of stone-smuggling robots t6 has been higher than the price of s5 from the original 2499.
On the other hand, despite their low configuration and unit prices, the Māori rate is still higher than the Māori brand because of the company’s autonomy. We believe that the overall Māori rate will continue to rise as companies continue to develop new products and upgrade their products.
4.3. Broadening channels: full-scale expansion of the online, overseas market, sustained expansion of the non-rice channels, and future expansion of the overseas market. Companies have been selling their own products since 2017, expanding the online supply of non-rice rice such as Kyundong, Suning, Picto, Amazon and Amazonia in the United States.
Under the line, distribution channels such as purple light, Muljan, State aircraft, and Russian Express have been expanded. According to the offer, companies will focus on developing the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia markets in the future, creating a global sub-figure 28: Continuing to expand the offline channels and reducing reliance on small rice channels.
Corporate growth in overseas markets began in 2017 and will continue to accelerate in the future. Companies are now selling overseas mainly through offline distributors, such as Mümbung, Ostenton, etc., in addition to Hong Kong Xiaowen's merger in 2018, which mainly sells to European and American users via the Amazon platform in the United States.
Sbc&s, an IT equipment dealer under the silver flag, speeded up the expansion of overseas channels. The introduction also showed that stone-throwing robotic products are widely recognized on the international market. Figure 29: Corporate sales in overseas markets continue to rise.
(i) The size of the market for sweeping robots has risen as penetration has increased, with the leading company’s presence slightly mentioned (2) The company’s Māori ratio has risen steadily with its own branding and overseas sales, and stone technology is one of the leading players in the country’s land-swiping robot industry.
Since its inception, the company has brought together a core research and development team from China, Microsoft, with access to low-level technology, and strong product development capabilities. In 2016, the company, starting with a small Miodm machine, has developed its own brand in recent years, and has developed a variety of products, channels, brands, supply chains, etc.
Step down reliance on the rice ecological chain, “de-migration” has worked well and is now independent. With price-fixing self-owned branding and high Māori sales abroad, it is expected that (1) the industry’s competitive pattern will deteriorate further.
With advances in smart-and-scan robot-related technology and increased competition in the market, the company's existing products are stored at a lower price, and if other manufacturers take such vicious forms of competition as price wars to capture their share, it will have an impact on the company's performance.
New processes, new technological R & D risks New technologies, new processes from R & D to practical applications require a certain period of time, and if similar companies take the lead in the development of new technologies, new processes, they will have a negative impact on the development of their products.
(iii) The seasonality of sales of companies, which is influenced mainly by the sales patterns of the power-marketing platform, which has an impact on the scale of the company's sales through activities such as “double 11”, “double 12” and “618”, as described above.
This leads to a certain wave of company performance.