Stone technology (688169) Home appliances, first-initiated home electrical panel, member of the Mi eco-chain, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Suggested logic: based on the clean-up robot industry, which is an important member of the rice ecological chain, the company quickly opened up the market and built up its own brand in recent years. The clean-up robot has a low penetration rate in the country.
In the context of rising consumption, household cleaning appliances, such as land sweep robots, will have a large market in the country. The Department’s technology and channels form a moat that will fully benefit from the benefits of industrial development.
In the early days of the company’s creation, which consisted mainly of small substitute workers, the company quickly opened up the market with the advantage of the rice ecological chain. In 2017, the company released its own brand stone, a smart sweeper robot. The company’s profitability was enhanced with its own branding ratio.
Industry has great potential for growth, with a clear concentration of head effects. With the use of the ai technology and laser and visual technology, ground-scavenging robotic products have become more intelligent and user experience has increased. Laser navigation products from 2017 to 2018 have led to a barbarous increase in sales over the same period.
The rate of growth is slowing. The penetration rate is relatively low globally, and there is much room for future development. In terms of market competition, there are a lot of brands, but market concentration is high.
Small rice accounts for 13.8%, rocks for 10.7%, and the first three share of the market together for 66.7%. Technological barriers, with a comprehensive distribution of channels. Corporate masters of global planning, laser radar technology and related algorithms. Core technologies, investment in R & D, higher R / R & D costs / receipts than peers, more focused under the light asset model.
In R & D, the company opened the market on the Toto mill model, while actively expanding its distribution channels, the joint power company platform, the warehouse, the online b2c, and the offline sales model. The Division agreed to expect averages, taking into account the company’s high performance growth and industry’s presence in the blue sea market, with a premium value.
1 Stone Science and Technology: A member of the rice eco-chain, with a fast growth performance of 1.1 generation workers, and a member of the rice eco-chain, was established in July 2014. In September 2014, the company received investment in rice and became a small rice eco-chain business.
In September 2016, the company, together with Mi, released the first product, "Mi's Smart Sweeps." In September 2017, it published its own brand, "The Stones' Smart Sweeps." In April 2018, the company expanded its brand matrix, and launched "The Small Walls' Smart Sweeps." In 2019, the company launched an initial product expansion, issuing a new product, "The Rice's Hand-held Dust Free."
In general, the company’s development history can be divided into three stages: 1) acting as a start-up worker (2014-2016). After its creation, the company quickly gained a place in the market for sweeping robots, with the full support of millet in brands, channels and supply chains.
Once launched, it became a hot market product, and now there are three pieces of a rice-scaved robot. 2) Creation of an autonomous brand (2017-2018). Through collaboration with millet, the company gained experience with branding and accumulated slogans on the market with rice custom products. In 2017, the company published its own brand, "Stock Intelligence."
In the first half of 2019, the company was able to reach 93.3 per cent of the total user level by expanding the brand matrix, positioning value for money, publishing the “Small Wall Smart Land Sweep Man.”
1.2 The firm's first shareholder is Chang-hyun, the chairman of the company, with a shareholding rate of 30.99%. Mi controls Tianjin Kimmy, holding 11.85% of the company's shares, Mi's partner holds 12.85% of the company's shares, and Mi holds 24.7% of the company's shares, with only a second degree.
As at the date of signing of the offer, the company had granted a total of 60 persons.
Staff stock options, with 48 R & D staff, 8 management staff and 4 sales staff. The ratio of R & D staff to the target audience is 80%, and the importance that companies attach to R & D is evident. 1.3 Performance is growing at a high rate, with a rising branding ratio.
From 2016 to 2018, the company’s operating income grew from 180 million yuan to 3.05 billion yuan, with a composite growth rate of 255.3 per cent. The performance forecast for 2019 shows that the company achieved an increase in its own branding ratio of 4.2 billion dollars. In 2017, the company launched its own brand name, the stone-swiping robot.
With the development of the autonomous brand, the share of rice brands in corporate revenue has also declined. In the first half of 2019, rice brands accounted for 40.6% of total corporate income, while hand-held vacuum cleaners were introduced in 2019, while ground-scavenging robotics accounted for more than 90%.
With new rice owners holding dustless vacuum cleaners, the proportion of smart-scaved robotics declined from 98.7% in 2018 to 93.3%, and the single risk of the company’s main business structure is expected to decrease with the expansion of the product category. Māori net profits are on the rise.
The Māori rate for rice products is therefore lower than for company-owned brand products. The Māori rate for the public is lower for rice-based customized products in 2016.
In 2016, sales of smart-swipe robotic products began, and the small scale of sales did not cover the cost of the company’s losses. As the ownership ratio rose, the net interest rate of the company also increased.
In the light asset business model, the company ' s liquidity efficiency is higher than that of its peers. In the third quarter of 2019, the company ' s inventory turnover, accounts receivable turnover and total asset turnover were 6.3, 10.7 and 1.9, respectively.
2.1 The transformation of functional to intelligent, global planning for cleaner and more efficient smart sweep robots has developed in the late twentieth century and in recent years started to spread throughout the country. As technology continues to innovate and progress, smart sweeps robots have undergone a shift from functional to intelligent.
The first generation of ground sweep robots was built in 1996 by the home ' s electric giant, Elektra, by a three-leaf bug smart sweeper. Larger, thicker, poorly planned, etc. did not produce large quantities. The real product of large-scale mass production was a randomly colliding roomba-scanning robot launched by the US technology company, irobot, in 2002.
Since then, more companies around the world have been involved in the field of smart-scanning robots, and their products are constantly being optimized, but they have not been able to produce products with huge technological breakthroughs. Because of the presence of clean-up robots at this time, clean-up is inefficient and does not meet the cost-free standard of “good use.”
Since 2010, smart-and-scan robot-related technologies have developed rapidly, with lasers, algorithms, and so on. Neatoxv-11 is an iconic product of ground-scan robotic breakthroughs.
The application of global planning techniques has led to a significant increase in the clean-up efficiency of sweeper robots. The combination of laser radars and slam techniques has brought a wave of product surges, and many manufacturers have seen the potential for the development of sweepers to accelerate the layout. There is a constant increase in the availability of laser guidance and new products for visual navigation. As the ai technology and the laser and visual technology have evolved and improved, smart sweeps have been made.
The integration of robots with ai technology, lasers and visuals has also become one of the main directions of industry development. 2.2 Growth in supply and demand has driven industry development, and domestic penetration has yet to rise.
In January-November 2019, the volume of retail sales of land-cleaning robots increased by only 2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the line being the main channel, with retail sales accounting for nearly 90 per cent.
German gfk statistics show that domestic robot penetration in China’s coastal areas is between 4 and 5%, and in the interior it is only about 0.4%, and that there is much room for growth in the future, compared to the current 30-40% penetration rate of household vacuum cleaners. Even in the coastal areas, there is a difference of 10 pp compared to the United States.
The domestic market for clean-land robots has a wide scope for development. The driving force behind it is mainly the growth of supply and demand: 1) supply side: Large market development space attracts an increasing number of companies into the household service robot industry, especially smart-scanning robots.
In this area, market participants include smart sweep robotics and other traditional home-based electricity companies. Companies constantly innovate their product lines through R & D inputs and technological innovations, while at the same time achieving large-scale production, increasing the supply of markets: 2) At the demand end: as the standard of living of the population rises, changes in people’s consumption perceptions and habits lead to higher consumption, and consumers, especially young ones, grow.
The growing demand for intelligent products to replace cumbersome domestic work has triggered an increase in demand for intelligent-scaved robots, with a clear concentration effect on the head 2.3, with an upgrading of product structure, and a significant concentration effect on the head. Domestic markets have a large number of clean-field robot brands, but markets are highly concentrated.
Cloudnet data show that in January-November 2019, the share of retail sales was 42.2 per cent in Coworth, 13.8 per cent in Mills, 10.7 per cent in Stones, and 66.7 per cent in Cr.3. According to data from Mid-Ekang, the top five online markets in the first half of 2019 were 43.4 per cent, 13.3 per cent, 12.7 per cent, 5.0 per cent, respectively.
4.8 per cent of the total market share is 79.2 per cent, and the overall market concentration of sweep robots is high, with a clear upward trend in product upgrading. According to Ovi cloud network data, the structure of sweep robotic products shows an upward trend. Laser navigation in 2019 was 44.8 per cent, an increase of 8.5 per cent compared to 2018.
Overall, 48.6 per cent exceeded Coworth by 38.4 per cent, while the structural ratio also showed an increasing trend as scavenging was more in line with user use. In 2019, scavenging was 83.1 per cent, with an increase of 6 pp..3 Multiple channels work together to build core barriers.
3.1 The algorithm builds core competitiveness, and the smart sweep robots, with their own branding as new profit points, have become the mainstream of the market. The company is an international leader in large-scale application of laser radar technology and associated algorithms to products, and most of the land sweep robots under the banner play the lds' global planning line.
The ability to navigate artificially intelligent algorithmic aids is the company’s core strength. The advantages of core technologies constantly contribute to the wealth of product lines. The company’s Māori ratio is rising to the top as a result of the creation and development of autonomous brands.
Companies operate under the light asset model, and production is being used as a third party, saving the cost of their own plants, and focusing better on research and development. In the second year of their existence, the cost of R & D reached 100 million, with R & D costs exceeding revenues by 9%, and R & D personnel exceeding by more than 50%.
The advantages of R & D have gradually emerged, supporting companies to build autonomous brands as the main marketing business. The sales share of rising brands has increased, and the sales share of 2019/h1 brands have become a new profit growth point for companies, with the combined M & A rate rising from 19.21% in 2016 to 32.5%.
3.1.2 With the opportunity of core algorithms in change, companies seize the opportunities of the times and have the advantages of core algorithms as the technology changes from random to global planning. Most of the products under the stone technology flag are based on the lds global planning line and focus on the main algorithm types (slam, slam, symmetrical).
There are strong accumulations, R & D capabilities, and patents (e.g. lds, depth learning, algorithm optimization, motion modules). Corporate core algorithms have effectively raised the need for sweeper robotic navigation, and the autonomous laser-scan ranging module has high stability and relatively low maintenance costs. Products can use sensors, radars, cameras, etc.
The core members of the company’s founding members have experience in Internetit, have a stronger technical background, and have a strong technical background.
As head of the 100-degree map project, the experience of Internet product managers for over a decade has also given guidance to the algorithmic techniques of corporate products. 3.2 “Mize is good” opens the market and moves in synchronous motion on-line.
In the early years of its existence, the company started to market the “good” power platform operated by the company on the basis of rice, using both a direct sales model and a split model. With the creation and development of autonomous brands, the company had its own choice of marketing channels for its own branded products. The company continued to sell some of its own branded products (the sale of stone brands in Taiwan) using the rice platform and actively expanded its sales channels.
As a member of the rice eco-chain, the company uses the Internet advantage of the mill to quickly open up its market channels. The rice lines are sold mostly through the mill.
For self-owned brands, companies operate independently and choose their own distribution channels. Companies sell some of their own branded products through “good” marketing platforms operated by small rice, while choosing to sell their own branded products in Taiwan.
In the first half of the year, companies generated revenues of 180 million yuan, 1.01 billion yuan, 1.53 billion yuan and 910 million yuan from sales of their own branded products through the rice-related channels. Figure 21: Free brands generate revenues through the rice-related channels
3.2.2 Multi-dimensional marketing co-development, company multi-dimensional enhancement, and support for the development of autonomous brands. In addition to working with millet, using the millet model, the company has adopted a sales model that combines the line with the line, where the own brand sells under the line for distribution.
Mainly. The company uses power-marketing platforms for warehousing, and the B2c platform (third party) model on the line, and gradually expands the number and breadth of cooperation between the wide and the power providers, building on the cooperation of a number of leading electric power providers, including Kyundong and Skycat, which will continue to promote online access development. The company has been working hard to develop the number of distributors and support distributors and boost sales since 2017.
With brand names, the number of cooperative under-line distributors has increased to only three, and in 2018 it rose to 17, including major under-line distributors such as Purple Light, Mümor morning, State Aircraft, and Russian Express. The sales revenue from off-line distribution channels has also increased from 22,397 million in 17 years to 773 million yuan, compared to 3352%.
Assumption 1: companies increase their investment in autonomous brands, their sales of own brands increase, and the Māori ratio of stone brands is projected to be 47 per cent, 48 per cent and 49 per cent over the next three years. Assumption 2: companies increase their R&D inputs and branding, and their sales and management costs are expected to increase slightly.
The net profit would maintain a composite growth rate of 62.04 per cent, taking into account the consistent expected averages of comparable companies, taking into account the company's high performance growth margin, which would be covered for the first time with a “buy-in” rating. (1) The product would be sold or not as expected;
(3) Customer concentration of risk has not been, nor will it be, obtained directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report, and Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has been qualified in securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.