Hard nuclear technology, strong growth of companies: the company is a company that focuses on research and development for home-based smart clean robots and other clean appliances. The company is an international company that will increase by 37.81% from the previous $1 billion; the net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders is $783 million, which increases by 154.52% from the same time.
In 2016, 183 million yuan went up to $4.2 billion in 2019, with a total annual compound increase of 184%, and the net return to mothers increased from 11 million in 2016 to 783 million yuan in 2019. This listing was mainly directed to a new generation of clean-land robotics projects, commercial cleaner robotic products development projects, stone and data platform development projects, and supplementary operating funds.
The company's 2016-2019h1 revenues were 1.83, 11.19, and 2: from the miller to the head of an autonomous brand. In the 2014s, industrial-meat smart-scaved robots (promoted in 2016), since 2017, have promoted autonomous brands of stone-scaved robots and, in 2018, autonomous brands of tiles robots. By the first half of the year, rice products had been produced.
Cards, stone brands and tiles account for 34.82 per cent, 55.08 per cent and 3.40 per cent respectively, Māori 13.91 per cent, 46.18 per cent, 28.03 per cent respectively, and the combined gross profits of autonomous brands exceed 75 per cent, which will help companies further increase their profitability.
The Division focuses on product research and development, fast-tracking functionality, and manufacturing FDI to compress the overall cost. The ratio of raw materials to commissioning costs for 2019h1 companies is 57.49% and 40.97%, totalling more than 98%. In the future, companies are a small number of successful land-scattering machines, human enterprises, which will continue to accumulate significant advantages in home-based management experience, focus on core links, and continuously improve their arithmetic performance.
Companies: a growing family cleaning robot leader industry: there is still much room for the future.
The company was founded in early July 2014, when it was founded, with the creation of an intelligent robot based on a laser ranger module (lds) as its main product. The company was founded with only five employees, with the background of a Microsoft software research and development team.
In mid-September 2014, the founding team demonstrated to investors the prototype of the Synchronous Positioning and Map Construction (Slam) ... demonstrated that the company could achieve the key technology in software for slam algorithms in the field of smart sweep robots. At the end of the day, Mi decided to invest in the company and commissioned the company to develop a rice-based smart sweep robot.
In the collaborative R & D process, Mi’s product manager is responsible for defining the design objectives of the customized product, and the functionality of the product is performed independently by the company through R & D. The company’s main product is smart ground sweep robots, handheld wireless vacuum cleaners and related accessories, including September 2016
In April 2019, the company launched the rice custom brand, “Mimi Smart Sweeping Robots”, the first of its own brands, “Stony Smart Sweep Robots”, which was launched in September 2017, and its own brand, “Small Wa Smart Sweeping Robots”, which was launched in March 2018.
The history of stone technology development 2014: At the beginning 2019: the Mi family hand
Hold the vacuum cleaners commissioned, made the rice house smart sweep robots,
The main brand is Wa, and the brand is a rock-and-rock machine.
Ground sweep robots are the company's main business, with 94% of the rock and technology collection being ground sweep robots, 6% of the rice handheld vacuumers, and the company's ground sweep product covering the global planning class (based on laser radar or visual navigation, mainly laser radar), local planning (inertial navigation, gyroscope navigation), random floor sweep machines.
Humans (based on collision sensing, unplanned), with global planning (one-generation rice plus rocks) reaching 90 per cent, with 4 per cent of the attendants (whals).
Micah smart sweep robots, tiles smart sweep robots, stone smart sweep robots.
Inert navigation sweeps together, random collision intelligence, laser navigation smart sweep robots.
Laser Navigator One, Laser Navigator Smart, Smart Robot.
Land sweep robots, body smart robots, ground sweep robots.
♪ Ids laser range sensing ♪ ♪ Ids laser range ♪ ♪ Ids laser range ♪ ♪ Ids laser range ♪ ♪ Ids laser range ♪
A random sweep based on ground trackers and multiple sensors.
Sensors and inertial slam algorithms of sensors and multiple sensors construct maps.
The slam algorithm builds the map ~1600pa desorption and smart path planning.
To create a full-scale, efficient intelligence, a wind-dumper and an efficient slam algorithm to build a map.
Clear the route, so it's a model, so it's an autonomous path.
Cleaning structure, making cleaning more user-defined, auto-save user maps.
Runway planning and scavenging, full sweep of restricted areas and virtual walls.
It's a small area, and it's capable of area-based clean-up.
For the first time, a semi-perimeter cover was used, walls were drawn and areas were cleared, and it was used for more complex cleaning.
It's a total sale of 2,125 million yuan, a collection of 94 per cent of stone technology, 6 per cent of hand-held vacuum cleaners and ground cleaners.
By 740 million yuan, stones and small tiles would amount to 1,171 million yuan, respectively. In 2019, the company achieved an operating income of 4.2 billion yuan, an increase of 37.81 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies, $783 million, an increase of 154.52 per cent in the same year.
On the outside, and on the other hand, in 2019, the company started to work as a hand-held vacuum cleaner, which also contributed to the increase in the sales of stone technology sub-products, stone technology sub-products, and stone technology sub-products.
Performance has entered a period of rapid growth, with improved profitability and asset quality. Corporate operating income has grown from $183 million in 2016 to $4.2 billion in 2019, with an annual compound increase of 184 per cent, and net remunerative profits have increased from $11 million in 2016 to $783 million in 2019, with very high growth rates, while corporate profitability has been increasing, with Māori rates rising from 2016.
By the first half of 2019, the share of rice brands, stone brands and brands had been 34.82%.
55.08 per cent versus 3.40 per cent, the ratio of autonomous brands rose from 12 per cent in 2017 to 59 per cent of 209h1, and the ratio of autonomous brands increased, with significant increases in the profitability of companies, while the ratio of Maori for stone brands was over 40 per cent, compared to 13-14 per cent for millers.
Autonomous brands are rapidly increasing their numbers.
Stock structure: Chang Xin is the real control, followed by Kimmy is the millet, the stone age is the employee's shareholding, Tindy is the self-serving man, the qm27limited,
Gig (city-scapepte.ltd) is an investment agency, Mao Guohua, Wu Chi, Man Yun Poon, Zhang Ji Soon is a company.
Equity Incentives: As of the date of signing of this letter of offer, the Stone Age Staff Holdings platform for companies introduced the Stone Age to implement the Employee Equity Incentives, and the Corporate Replenishment Fund introduced the Stone Age. The price of this replenishment was $125.79 per share, for each person, eight members of the Administration, four members of the sales sector, all core R & D, sales, etc. of the company, holding the company.
• A new generation of clean-field robotics based on the company’s existing technological reserves, targeting object identification, speech recognition, field recognition, etc.
Research and development in the areas of landscape recognition, noise reduction, electrical water tanks, automatic recycling of waste.
Industry: There is still a great deal of room for the future.
In 18 years, the domestic market for land-cleaning robots had reached $8.7 billion, an increase of more than 50 per cent over 17 years.
The volume of retail sales of land-cleaning robots reached $7.14 billion, with an increase of only 2 per cent in the same size (54.6 per cent in 2018), and the rate of growth in the industry slowed considerably, with the front line being the main channel, with retail sales accounting for nearly 90 per cent. The top three brands of the domestic market in the first half of 2019 were Corvos, Mim and Stone, respectively.
In the first half of 2019, the top five names of the online market were Kovos, Mi, Rock, Haile and irobot, accounting for 43.4 per cent, 13.3 per cent, 12.7 per cent, 5.0 per cent and 4.8 per cent, respectively.
Second, the industry also has a huge amount of space in which the United States was the first and best developed region for a global sweep robot, and based on the current penetration rate in the United States, the penetration rate, driven by irobot, has risen to 11 percent over the last 15 years.
The penetration rate of domestic land sweep robots is still very low, and the use of ground sweep robots has only been gradual in 2012 and is now expected to be around 5%, with great scope for the future. There is still much room for the domestic industry in the future.
II. Industry also has a huge amount of space. Globally, it is estimated that 13-15 million vacuum robots will be sold, compared to the vacuum product, which is currently only around 1/10, and we believe that the future will continue to expand as the ground sweep robot product improves and the user experience improves.
There's still great potential for global penetration, and there's plenty of room for industry.
Planning-scanning robots have introduced markets, leading industry trends with new technologies, leading consumers to buy, and most of the new products in 2019 were upgraded to their original functionality, with no bright new technologies in sight. With user problems, we believe that the core issues of the scavenging robots will focus mainly on upgrading their cleaning capacity and intelligence.
In terms of power, in terms of the ability to clean up, in terms of the capacity to clean up, in terms of the capacity to do so through suction, the ability to drag, and in terms of the ability to do so, in terms of the ability to do so through better algorithms and sensors, artificial intelligence, the ability to interact, will continue to be the trend of the future of scavenging robots.
Blasts will lead to the development of the robotics, the trend of the 2015-2018 sub-routine retail index, and, two, the industry has plenty of room.
Stones released t6 in 2019, continuously upgraded their functionality, intelligently, with room automatic partitions (bedrooms, living room lights) and comprehensive noise abatement in clean functions, and an innovative one-time rubbing, i.e., with instant throws, will be launched in March 2020 with t7, enhanced algorithms, enhanced drags, and enhanced map management.
Stone tech t6 was awarded a German design award of 2019, 2nd, industry and huge space for clean performance.
A clean tow machine, "narwalt10." Narwalt10 is equipped with a clean base station (combined with a charger), which can both vacuum and wipe the floor, as well as self-cleaning of the mops. In intelligence, Coworth released dg70 in 2019, the baser of laser radar navigation, added anivi vision.
Sensory recognition, with cameras installed right in front of the machine, allows the detection of obstacles, which can then be identified and avoided. In particular, electrical wires, slippers and socks in the home often present obstacles.
In September 2018, irobot launched a new product i7, e5,i7 into a cleanbasetm automatic collection charger, capable of automatically inhaling the dirt in the dust collector case.
Dust bags can accommodate dust and dirt equivalent to 30 dust boxes. e5 can further upgrade the hair-resistant entanglement design of the master brush and enhance user experience. irobot launched two new clean robotic products, roombas9+ and braavajet m6 in May 2019, which can be used through irobot.
The irobot scavenging robots continue to upgrade.
Industry: There is still much room for the future. The main points of view are: product structure upgrading, R & D excellence, 3.1, product structure upgrading. Autonomy is the direction.
Production mode: The product of the company is produced by commissioning, with no self-built production base. The company enters into a commissioning contract with the miller, whereby the order is transmitted by the company in writing or electronically to the miller. The order includes the type, quantity, delivery time and the place of delivery, contact person and unit price designated by the company.
The company's current substitutes include Xinwangda and the Great Wall of East China, and the production of stone technology is dominated by substitute workers, product structure upgrades, and self-employment is the way forward.
Marketing model: The company uses a sales model that combines the line and the line with the sale of its own branded product, where the rice is sold below the line, mainly on a millet basis, on a b2c platform (a third party): official net + Skycat + good + America, electric business platform in a warehouse: Kyoutung + Suning + product will mainly be distributed under the line: purple light, Muljann, fast-riding overseas distribution, etc.
The company's earliest business was to clean up the ground for the miller, while the mill passed through Tianjin Kimmy and followed the line.
Instead of holding a company’s equity share of 11.85%, 12.85%.2019h1, the gross profit on millet business is only 17.31%, while autonomous branding depends on millet channels is only 5.02%.
Gradual decline in the share of rice associated with stone technology 3.1. Product structure upgrades, with ownership in the direction of equity: Tianjin Kimi, controlled by Mi, holds 11.85 per cent of the company's shareholdings, and its director, Tianjin Kimi, has high snow.
The company’s board of directors is represented by the company’s director, who holds 12.85% of the company’s shares. The company’s board of directors is represented by the company’s board of directors.
• R & D: In the course of a company’s research and development project with Mi, Mi assigned a product manager, a project manager, and an id designer to work on product definition, project process tracking, and id design.
(a) The process of creation and technological upgrading: apart from a few raw materials, such as partial power lines and wifi modules, which are procured from the mill, the purchase of the remainder of the raw materials and the selection of the processor are made autonomously, and the mill does not refer to stone technology.
• Marketing of products: Stone technology has an independent marketing team and its own brand products are sold independently.
Under an agreement, such as a business cooperation agreement between the company and Mi, both parties have the right to use their common intellectual property rights on their own, without the need to inform and share the proceeds with the other party.
The original software team came from Microsoft, the hardware team came from Wah, Nokia, Fujikang, and so forth.
Chang-kyung, founder and director of stone technology and general manager of the company, Microsoft, Microsoft, November 2007-February 2010
From February 2010 to February 2011, he served as Senior Product Manager Tencent Tseng, and from February 2011 to December 2011, he created the Peking Map Elf Science and Technology Ltd. and served as Senior Product Manager for 100 degrees from December 2011 to July 2014
Baida's voice Wu Chien, Deputy Director General Mao Guohua, Deputy
Zhang Ji-sung, Deputy Director, has been tested for hardware.
Intel, technology used to be Chinese.
Used to be Microsoft, management product manager.
Group 3.2. The core research and development capability is strong. Chang Keung, born in August 1982, Chinese nationality, no right of permanent residence abroad. Master ' s degree.
Lived in Yooyang, Hunan Province***, with a civil identity card No. 4306021982****2512. From September 1999 to July 2006, he attended computer studies at the South China University of Technology and received a bachelor ' s degree and a master ' s degree. He was a programme manager at Microsoft in July 2006. He was a senior product manager from February 2010 to February 2011.
Founded Beijing Elves Technology Co. Ltd. from February 2011 to December 2011 and served as ceo, and became 100-degree senior manager from December 2011 to July 2014. Joined the company in July 2014 and is currently Chairman and Managing Director of the company. 3.2. Core R & D capacity is strong
Focus on core software design, manufacturing FSA compression costs. The ratio of raw materials to commission processing costs for company 2019h1 was 57.49 per cent and 40.97 per cent, or more than 98 per cent in total.
3.2. Core R & D capabilities are robust, focus on core software design, and create foreign-collar compression costs. Intelligentization is the direction, access to information, processing, movement control, cleaning details are the key link.
At this level, only companies and Coves are in a position to do so.
Industry: There is still much room for the future.
• Mi family ground sweep robots (robots): the company's business is a traditional start-up business, with small profits due to rice pricing problems, and a gradual decline in future ratios, with an expected increase in revenue from 2019 to 2021 - autonomous brand sweep robots (rocks, tiles): the company's future focus will be on building autonomous brand sweep robots.
The business is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate, with new items continuing to evolve, with the forecast for 2019-2021 as well as the projected increase in the rate of collection of stones — rice hand-held vacuum cleaners (substitutes): this is a relatively small share of the current business, which was added in 2019 and is not expected to yield future profit predictions and valuations for rock technology.
Profit forecasting and valuation The service robot industry is in its early stages of development and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future, with companies working to clean up the robotic industry — risk one: slow down in the robotics industry
• Risk two: a significant increase in the cost rate • Risk three: less than expected new items were launched in Beijing, China
Nine North Street, Beijing, West Side City, Washington, Enterprise, D. Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates a securities business licence number.
The views expressed on any issuer or securities reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and opinions in the report do not constitute bids or inquiries for the sale of the said securities for information purposes only. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Securities issued and traded by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also be provided or obtained for them