The company's current market is dominated by Shanxi Province and the Rimxi Region, where it accounts for nearly 60 per cent of its revenue.
In 2018, the company achieved excellent growth in the Ribbon West market, such as Rusty, which is an important reason for the company to achieve more than 50% growth in 2018. In 2019, it is expected that the company will continue to increase its investment in the off-provincial market, expanding at a pace from the Ribbon West region.
In particular, in a strategic partnership with Hua-Yun, the company will increase its sales in the empty market, which will be more conducive to the nationalization of the wine. The country’s empty market is more numerous, and the marginal contribution is expected.
"In the middle of the two sides," differential strategies win the market initiative and generate high growth in both the high-end saffron and the bovine, which are mainly dropped out of the province. The branding effect of the saffron itself is the same as that of the company’s increased market-breeding and deep-farming channels; and through the branding effect of the saffron.
In addition to branding, low-priced white wine market demand, though low, is increasing consumer demand for brands themselves, and there is still more room for future industrial integration. The brand has a brand of white wine, and the price is better than the other low-priced white wine.
When low-priced alcohol is released, the strategy of the bouncing will further help them to take over the low-priced white market.
The core technical (operational) staff totals 397. If the programme is finally located, the interests of middle- and senior-level managers will be further tied to those of the core technical staff.
In fact, it highlights the firm’s management’s confidence in its future sustainable growth. If the company’s revenues reached $9 billion in 2018, the target would mean an increase in business income of more than 27% in 2019.
Food safety risks: economic volatility, declining consumer demand: sub-higher competition for white wine, out of the country.
The expansion has not progressed as expected: industry policy risks. The sprouts and bozos have continued to thrive outside the province, maintaining a high rate of growth.
The market is too pessimistic about the sales of white wine in 2019, and the sub-high-end competition for white wine has intensified, worried that macroeconomic growth will slow down and may put pressure on the sub-high-end white wine revenue growth, and that the market values white wine at a lower level than ever before. We believe that while companies are in a sub-high-end white wine camp, management is determined to push for nationalization, combined with a mix of change.
Incentives have been advanced, with strong growth momentum in 2019. Extra-provincial market expansion has been more than anticipated, and mixed improvements have been more than anticipated.
Not as much as expected; industry policy risks. First, determinedly pushing ahead with the mix, the "Big Man" wanted to be brilliant again, and (i) had a long history, but it was once dusty.
The wine industry was founded in 1949 as the country's largest white wine-producing company, with its famous name as the "Black Boss". In 1985, it became the country's largest white wine-producing base, with a year-round production of 8,000 tons of wine, accounting for one of the country's 13 white wine products.
In 1993, the company was transformed into the Apricot Village Liquor (Governance) company, which in the same year organized the production component as the Shanxi Village Liquor Co. Ltd. and listed it as the first place in the country's white wine industry.
Then, in the 1990s, under the influence of fake liquor cases, business did not catch up with the nationalization of the country, and the place of wine was overtaken by other white wines. (ii) Accelerating the pace of change.
At the beginning of 2017, the State Finance Committee of Shanxi signed a contract with the Liquor Group.