q3 Performance exceeded expectations and high-speed demand for products increased \triangleright 2023
The net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation to the mother is $421 million, an increase of 68.46 per cent over the same period. In the q3 quarter, operating income was 542 million yuan, an increase of 73.62 per cent over the same period, a rise of 43.68 per cent in the ring, a gain of 203 million net return to the mother, a rapid increase in demand for high-speed products, and a significant increase in corporate q3 performance: 23q3 net revenue/repatriation
The net profit/deductive non-mortality ratio increased by 73.62 per cent/94.95 per cent and 104.05 per cent, respectively, and the high growth was mainly due to faster demand for high-speed lightware products driven by increased demand for arithmetic. At the same time, with higher rates of high-speed product yields, the company’s Māori ratio was higher in the first three quarters.
52.94 per cent, or 3.04pc, q3 quarter Māori rate of 55.36 per cent for the same year, 3.06pc, Circumcision, and continuous acceleration of overseas production and distribution: accompanied by rapid growth in demand for high-speed products, public
\triangleright's product lines continue to expand. Meanwhile, some of the overseas clients are asking for a global production profile.
According to the company’s previous announcement, the first phase of plant construction in Thailand is expected to continue to push up demand for upstream light communications in the first half of 2024.
(Google, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon)
Global sales revenue from year-to-year optical modules declined by 5 per cent, and the demand for a wide 400- and 800-g-connected artificial intelligence cluster was very strong, and the decline was not as large as the 10 per cent it had anticipated six months earlier.
At the same time, the volume of 400g/800g light module sales over the next 2 to 3 years has also been significantly increased by Lightning. 3. Foil communications (300394.sz) fast-track 2022. Demand for products such as high-speed light engines, high-speed light devices, etc.
Queries: overall performance meets expectations, emerging business continues to advance, mainstream downstream firms work together to communicate closely. The future is expected to benefit fully from the growth of the ai demand and to develop a wide range of space for the development of telecommunications (300394.sz) in the third quarter of 2022.
Performance in line with expectations & demand & light engine release structure Investment proposal: Building growth drivers - 2022/10/25, taking into account the heat of demand in the one and the continued pull of demand for upstream light communication products
• Solutions providers, unsourced business strong, apparent platform attributes of source- and non-source-based business synergies are pending - 2022/08/25
The demand for the current one is to accelerate the release of the high-speed light module, which is represented by 800 g, and thus to pull the high-speed light-induced argon, the high-speed light device product demand is growing and the company is growing. Maintains the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.