In the third quarter of 2023, profits grew by 94.95%, and high-speed products were fast-growing zhukunxu@guosen.com.cn achieved a net return profit of 203 million yuan, or +94.95%.
High-speed product rapid release. According to corporate finance, it benefits from the continued steady growth in demand for optical products driven by the construction of global data centres, especially faster demand for high-speed products, leading to a sustained expansion of production through the line of sub-products in the corporate sector, thereby contributing to rapid growth in corporate revenue in the third quarter.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price stems from: 1) high-speed product release leads to product structural optimization; 2) company product line expansion leads to an increase in crop productivity at the head of the department, which is reflected in the advantages of scale.
Maintenance of research and development inputs, forward-looking silicon light, cpo, etc., new technology directions. In the first three quarters of 2023, companies developed $105 million and have been working on forward-looking silicon light, cpo, etc., in the field of light communications. Specific research and development projects include special fibre-optic devices for silicon modules and single-channel high-power lasers.
Product development, fiberarray device product development for various special application scenarios, multi-channel high-power laser development for cpo-els module applications, etc. Investment proposal: maintain profit forecasting and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - 36.42% profit growth in the first half of 2023. ai maintained steady performance for three consecutive quarters, considering that ai is in a fast-growing phase and that ai ' s demand for basic hardware, including light devices, has been released and is long-term sustainable
Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Operation Quality Upgrade, 800 g Light Device Realization, Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Net profit growth of 31% over the same period, innovation business continuity, Mobil Communications (300394.sz) - Three Quarterly Performance Ring up, light engine up
To benefit from the continuous release of arithmetic infrastructure needs, the “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Figure 2: Business income and rate of increase (in millions of yuan, per cent) for the single season of communications (in millions, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase (in millions, per cent) for the single season of communications (in millions) Figure 5: Māori rate for the single quarter of communications and changes in net interest rates
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost rates for the single quarter of the foil communications, Figure 7: Cash flow for the foil communications (millions of dollars) Investment recommendations: Basic hardware requirements, including optical devices, considering that the ai is in a rapid development phase
The release and long-term sustainability of the company has begun, and the company ' s performance has been steadily improving for three consecutive quarters, and we maintain the company ' s profit forecast for 2023-2025, where the company ' s net profit return for 2023-2025 is expected to be based on the author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author