q3 performance has significantly increased cost-control effects.
The company’s performance in quarterly reports is in line with our earlier expectations, with a significant increase in revenue and net profits. This has largely benefited from the growth in demand for lightware products driven by the construction of global data centres, particularly the faster demand for high-speed products.
Firms persist in long-termism, increasing their research and development efforts, and continuously upgrading their core technological competitiveness. Companies insist on innovation, with R&D costs totalling $105 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 8.9%.
Using an autonomous R & D model with various disciplines such as materials, optical, mechanical structures, envelopes, and specialized R & D teams, the company has developed a multi-level R & D system using multiple technologies, multi-processes, multiplatforms, multiplatforms, and multiplatforms.
Corporate cost controls, continued increases in Māori rates and net interest rates, and significant reductions in financial costs. The company’s Māori rate for the first three quarters was 52.94%. an increase of 3.04 percentage points over the previous three quarters.
Demand is not as high as expected: the company may not be able to achieve sustained growth in its performance if the demand for the product downstream falls short of expectations. New product business development is not as risky as expected: if the company’s future expansion of the product in this new sector is not anticipated.
The semi-annual period of Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) may not have a positive effect on the company’s long-term performance.
A clear adverse change in policy may have some impact on the company's procurement and sales, thereby affecting the public sphere layout 2023-08-252, the In-depth Report of the Fertilde Communications (300394.sz)
Report: Intra-generative extension to build advantage layouts at an accelerated rate 2023-02-10 Research assistant profile
Zhang Jianyu, a master of engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, who has been working in China and China for years in the ict industry, joined the Port of Shin securities in November 2021 as his research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The owner should not rely solely on this report as a substitute for his own independent judgement; he should make his own investment decisions and take his own investment risks; any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors should be based on this report.