3rd Quarter 2023: Performance exceeded expectations and expected events: 3rd Quarterly Report 2023 issued by Tienfu News 1) The company achieved 1.206 billion yuan in revenue in the first 3 quarters of 2023, an increase of 35.6% in comparison, and net profit to the mother of 440 million yuan, an increase in comparison
The company’s overall performance exceeded market expectations by $200 million, a 95% increase in net profits.  The demand for high-speed light modules is high, with continuous efficiency gains, and the company’s profitability is expected to continue to increase. 1) We believe that the wave of ai in the second half of the year continues to boost global high-speed light module demand, with companies at the top.
The product structure continues to be optimized, pushing the company to increase its Māori rate by 52.9% on a year-on-year basis in the first three quarters; 2) while collecting part of the growth spread costs, the company continues to optimize the efficiency of its production management, with R&D spending at 8.7% in the previous three quarters.
In normal zones, the cost of three fees is reduced by 3.0 percentage points to 1.2% on a year-on-year basis, and the net interest rate of the parent is expected to continue to increase the profitability of the company.  Overseas arithmetic power is strong, and demand for light modules such as 400g is expected to grow rapidly in the country.
1) We anticipate that overseas light module orders will be honoured and will be sustainable in the background of the client's mispositioned relays, while opportunities for structural change in supply share remain downstream; 2) domestic " Fertilde Communications (300394): no source + no source + no source
Ai-related products, projects and orders are emerging, and we expect a significant increase in the volume rhythm and size of the full-scale benefit ai-polymers and the platform layout of the optical device in the country.
▪ The company is expected to continue to enrich its product, production capacity and customer sequences, with an incremental period of performance 1.) The products from the early layout of the Sky Moor communication for cpo, silicon light technology routes, we believe, are the company " Fertilize Communications (300394); mid-2022.
It is expected that the client base of products such as light engines will continue to expand in the context of demand and technology options
If the company's base in Thailand were to be put into production next year on schedule to meet high demand, there would be room for the company's performance.
With the opportunity to continue to increase profitability, the net return of the company from 2023 to 2025 has fallen short of expectations from R&D; and competition in the industry has intensified. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS), East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.