Annual Report 2022: Performance in line with expectations, high performance +ai Arithmetic Leadership Keywords: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
Events: The company published its annual 2022 report, and in 2022 it collected $130.08 billion, a year-on-year increase in performance and a year-on-year increase in the quality of profits: in 2022, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of $1,544 million in competitiveness and market position. In terms of operations, the company collected $11.448 billion in 2022 in equipment.
System integration and technical services account for $1,555 million, an 18 per cent increase in the same year, Māori rate of 74.72 per cent (+1.96 pct) and continued improvement in the quality of profits.
Operations. Integration of the distribution of resources, such as arithmetic, storage, networks and data, through an integrated computing service platform, and high-level coordination of the output of computing, algorithms, data and applications to users, based on scenarios such as scientific calculations, engineering calculations and smart calculations, through a unified computing service portal
The integrated computing platform supports the need for scenarios such as scientific computing, engineering computing, and smart computing, and has now developed intelligent computing for innovative research and development in traditional industries such as finance, electricity, education, transport, environmental protection, and automobiles, wind power, biology, materials, etc.
Middle Science Dawn (603019): Solution 2022, which has provided arithmetic support for a number of large-scale domestic model trainings, such as the “Early East of Purple”.
• The launch of the national ultra-calculus Internet deployment is expected to continue to benefit companies: in recent days, the launch of the national super-counting network will take place in Tianjin, and in the future, the Ministry of Science and Technology will build the national computing base, promote the integrated operation of super-calculative science, technology and innovation and economics.
It is expected that, by the end of 2025, the state ' s ultra-valued Internet will produce a technologically advanced, modeled innovation, high-quality service, and ecologically sound general layout that will effectively support the achievement of the goals of primitive science, innovation, major engineering breakthroughs, high-quality economic development and better quality of life for the people.
Report: Performance is over-expected, operating quality becomes a “high-speed road” that supports digital China's construction. The company's high-end computers combine performance, energy efficiency, applied ecology, with leading computing density and energy conservation, product integration of high-speed networks and storage techniques.
The company will continue to benefit as an industry leader. Yuan, forecasted at $2.21 in 2025. We're looking at the company as an industry leader in the new infrastructure.
And the development of the arithmetic market, looking at the performance of high-quality assets, such as the possession of sealight information, in the letter-making and the i market, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board