The performance of China has grown steadily and is expected to benefit fully from the digital economy +ai numeracy needs Events: Companies published their annual 2022 report, generating business income of $130.08 billion, compared to the previous year
Performance continued to grow high and profitability improved. Corporate performance continued to increase rapidly by 12.43 per cent in 2022. Net corporate profits maintained a high growth trend, largely as a result of growth in Maori and increased returns on investments in affiliates such as Sealight Information.
In the context of nationalization, the company’s capacity to self-research core products is constantly increasing. The company’s distribution, the storage package, has reached 300 pb capacity; it was launched in 22 years.
Storage of parastor, 10 points in the 10500 merit test for authority storage performance in the industry. Midnight Dawn (603019) Performance meets expectations, top of the list; corporate xstor 1000 block storage system was first in February of this year.
The company continues to develop high-end computers, 10 chips and 10 modules based on national processors, bottom-level control solids, breaking through the high-end computer core.
In the field of deep-farming numeracy infrastructure, companies are actively involved in building national hubs.
In July 2022, the company officially launched the National Integrated Arithmetic Service Platform, which, through a unified computing service portal, achieves a country-wide integration of smart numeracy, common numeracy resources and flexible supply; in February 2023, the company participated in the country's first numeracy.
Power trading platforms, the East-West Calculus project, have reached important milestones. The company relies on its strengths in the areas of large computing facilities, power resource mobilization, computing ecology, etc., to optimize the computing structure of the Arithmetic trading platform, and to improve the ability of artificial intelligence and scientific engineering to provide arithmetic power.
To support Ningxia’s role as an engineering power hub for East and West Counts, integrating into the national network of numeracy, and leading regional digital industries toward intensive development. The rapid growth of the digital economy, coupled with an arithmetic demand, is expected to benefit the company fully.
In the new phase of digital economic development, artificial intelligence and the digital economy impose greater demands on the construction of arithmetic infrastructure. The company's “national integrated numeracy service platform” can perform complex computing tasks like ai model training, and the platform has access to hundreds of computing centres throughout the country.
A steady growth in performance is expected to benefit fully from the digital economy +ai numeracy demand source, which can help national firms to integrate innovation across the board in such areas as the ai industry, new materials, high-end equipment simulations, advanced manufacturing, etc.
It is hoped to benefit fully from the increased demand for digital infrastructure brought about by rapid developments in the digital economy, as well as the new demands for numeracy brought about by the wave. Investment advice: companies, as leading firms in high-performance calculations around the world, benefit from the wave of national production.
With the continued deepening of the digital economy and the development of artificial intelligence, companies are expected to benefit fully from the need for numeracy, and to achieve greater and steady growth in performance, and to benefit fully from the need for +ai numeracy.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.