I'm the leader of the national production computing industry, the two-wheel-drive growth of "Intel +ai" \triangleright \Trangleright
The company’s high-end computer business continues to develop in the context of a large IT trend. 1) In the context of nationalization, the company’s self-research ratio and self-research capability for core components is constantly increasing, with the continuous development of high-end meters based on national processors, computer computers, io chips and io modules, bottom-level control solids, breaking through the core critical technology of high-end computers.
To improve self-innovation capabilities, the company ' s home-grown high-end computer products have been widely applied to clients in such sectors as operators, finance, energy sources, the Internet, education, etc., covering such areas as infrastructure, e-government, business informatization, and urban trust. The transition to high-end links has also contributed to an increase in the Māori rate, with the company ' s overall Māori ratio of 26 per cent in 2022.
An increase of about 2.5 percentage points over 2021. 2) The company ' s high-end server products cover products such as leachate cold, coolboard cooling, etc. with energy-efficient and efficient features; parastor ' s liquid cold storage products combine liquid cold programmes with storage techniques and effectively reduce the pue value.
The value of computing services and ecologic values is evident in the development of the digital economy. \triangleright
The importance of computing capabilities in the context of major trends is highlighted by the fact that companies have a better layout in the computing industry: 1) Cloud computing: Kwok has now developed a well-developed computational ecology, with dawn clouds as their main business in building and operating “city clouds”
The s010518120001 model, which is distributed in several cities throughout the country, basically creates a secure and credible urban cloud service system, based on urban clouds. The computing centres provide cloud services and cloud technology services to government and business users, covering scientific research, finance, communications, communications, etc.
(ii) Data infrastructure development: companies are involved in the construction of local data centres and, through an integrated numeracy service platform, integrate the distribution of resources such as arithmetic, storage, networks and data, and export to users the highly synergistic and integrated resources of numeracy, algorithms, data and applications.
1. Middle Science Dawn (603019.sh) Value-added services such as api interface opening, fit environment optimization, business model customization, etc., computational services
The rate continues to rise by 2022/10/16. Ecology continues to expand and has now developed into a multi-sector industry of finance, electricity, education, transport, environmental protection.
Compute solution. 3) A typical product case of ari numeracy: based on the network of company officials, the company's intelligence, performance speed reviews: q2 performance is on the rise, net interest rates are calculated to include servers such as a 785-g30 in-depth learning training server, and 785-g40 intelligent application reasoning
Upgraded to 2022/08/16 servers, etc., with a number of typical cases on the ground. 4) Other product lines continue to be rich: storage, network security 3. Central Science and Light (603019.sh) incident review: letter
Businesses such as products have continued to evolve, with a single storage capacity of 300 pb capacity in a distributed corporate storage programme, approval for listing core assets, and company revalue opportunities Parastor is ranked first in 10 points of the I-500 list for the authoritative storage performance test.
4. Quarterly report point 2022 in Central China 603019.sh. Investment proposal: a company is a leading domestic firm in the field of IT.
Assessment: Profit margins continue to be optimized, ITC leads to high growth, strengthens their strengths in the area of credit creation, and builds links covering operating systems, databases, oa and intermediates Certification - 2022/04/28
The basic software industry system, which serves as the "national team" and the "lead" of the executive cloud and the "Kindron" will be welcomed to the 2021 report of Central China (603019.sh), which will take place at a rate of close to 50 per cent of non-performance and long-term growth of the "Kindone" leader.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.