Mid-Church Dawn (603019): Performance is in line with expectations and is expected to continue to benefit from credit creation and arithmetic.
Events: On 18 April, the company published its annual report for 2022, and during the reporting period, it achieved business income of 130.8 million yuan, an increase of 15.44 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to the mother was 1,544 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
The “863” project is based on the results of major scientific research in high-technology enterprises.
Production and manufacture of high-performance computers, common servers and storage divisional equipment generated $11,448 million, an increase of 15.13 per cent over the same period; software development, system integration and products, and provision of software development, systems around high-end computers
Technology services generated 1,555 million yuan, an increase of 17.70 per cent over the same period. Companies captured the need for numeracy-building, integrated and technological services. Companies achieved steady growth in high-performance calculations in the country.
Lead companies in the field. High-performance computers, developed by Dawn, increased by 2.52 percentage points in the 35th Global Supercount in 2021, the Māori rate continued to rise, and the profitability of companies continued to grow.
The machine "top500" was raised by a direct sales model of $30 million per second, and the direct sales model of the company was raised by $12,071 million over the reporting period, with an increase of 100 million (3pflops) in actual linpack values per second.
It's 17.45% long, with a Māori rate of 26.70%, an increase of 2.59 percentage points in the same year. The company's direct sales model, at 1.271 billion Māori times, achieved the second highest rate in the world than the distribution model, which has improved the company's Māori structure as a percentage of the increase, and the direct sales pattern.
And it's the third in the world to be the third to be measured for the benefit of long-term partnerships with clients and to strengthen the foundations for long-term development. 3) Companies are continuously investing in research and development, and companies' secondary supercomputers.
High-end server product self-researched, with large-scale deployment practices, is already on the ground in many industries; distribution Critical matter alerts for the next 3-6 months: Storage scheme single-package capacity has reached 300 pb capacity and parastor is stored in industry with authority storage
Performance test io 500 is ranked first in 10 points, and product and innovation capacity is increasing Debt and cross-equity presentations: letter-making performance has been proven and is expected to continue at a high rate in the future. Company participation in sealight information is a national product, cpulong.
For the first time, in 2022, sealight information achieved business income of $5,125 million, an increase of 121.83%, and net profit of $804 million for mothers, an increase of 145.65%. High growth in sealight information performance validated the message, and future national production is still on the move.
Storage of products, cloud computing services, etc., is also an important infrastructure and service for the computing industry and has synergies with sea light information, which is expected to benefit in the future from the high-intensity of the message.
Industry development combined with policy support, companies are expected to continue to benefit from rising demand for arithmetic. In 2022, there was a major breakthrough in the large model of artificial intelligence, and, according to idc, it is expected that the penetration of the ii application in all industries will lead to a rapid increase in the demand for intelligence numeracy.
The size of the country ' s smart numeracy, which has reached 268 eflops, has exceeded the size of the universal numeracy, and is expected to reach 1271.4 eflops in 2026, with a combined annual growth rate of 52.3% and a general numeracy growth rate of 18.5% over the same period.
According to the Guide to the Development of Intelligent Computing Innovations, more than 30 cities in the country are currently building or proposing to build a smart sum. Companies, as providers of computing infrastructure, rely on hardware advantages to gradually expand to the upper core zero.
The supply of components and downstream applications, along with the production of industrial chain ecology, and the growing capacity of services, are expected to continue to benefit from rising demand for numeracy in the future. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: corporate profitability continues to increase, with emphasis on R & D inputs and straight-up
The company is expected to benefit from the expansion of sales customers, the future growth in demand for national production substitution and numeracy.
China's performance meets expectations and is expected to continue to benefit from the building of trust and arithmetic, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation Report (603019): Performance meets expectations and is expected to continue to benefit from credit creation and numeracy building
Jang Youngja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, 2021, joined the Eung Xing Securities. In 2021, the Quantico Quantico Quantico was the researcher's opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.