2022: Arithmetic track charms, rapid increase in profitability, recovery and rapid increase in profitability for five consecutive years.
There is a strong competitiveness in areas such as the Arithmetic Services Platform, and major breakthroughs in the area of artificial intelligence have led to a surge in the demand for arithmetic. The company holds 27.96% of the annual Sealight Information Report, which shows that in 2022, 748 million won, +181.2%, net profit from non-return to the mother, and dawn + sealight at the high end x 86 architecture basis.
We believe that the continuing increase in the share of cpu products produced in recent years, and the scaling of sealight information, are the main drivers behind the continued rapid increase in corporate profitability. It is expected that the future will benefit from credit creation, digital China, and arithmetic demand.
There is greater certainty that companies will achieve steady and rapid growth at the end of their collections, with higher profit margins and a sustained increase in marketing and research and development.
In the last two years, Lu Jung-eun's total R&D expenditure has increased by more than 60% over the same period.
We believe that the company has continued to increase its marketing and research and development efforts, the main business has improved its quality and the profit margin has increased significantly.
Autonomous R & D capabilities continue to grow, with server-plus storage technology gaining significant edges. In the context of national production, the proportion of products developed by companies and the capacity to conduct self-research of core components is increasing.
High-end computers, io chips and io modules, bottom-level controls and solids based on home-grown processors do not disrupt the upgrading of core technological capabilities for autonomous innovation.
The most authoritative international rating of performance - the latest Io 500, with more than 300 inventions patented at dawn storage, and with all the core technology and performance optimization capabilities, passed io 50012 rigorous scene tests, leading the world to a world leader.
Formerly, China moved to publish the list of successful candidates for the central procurement of distributed block storage products from 2022 to 2023, and the dawn xstor 1000 distributed block storage system won its share of the first of two columns at $100 million. In our view, the company’s main business focuses on the national production base computing device track.
In the future, it will benefit from a full push for industry’s innovation. Ai’s growing demand for arithmetic markets, and corporate capacity for arithmetic services will be the first to run, according to China’s Report on the Assessment of the Development of Artificial Intelligence in China 2022-2023, 2021.
Smart computing is expected to reach 1271.4 by 2026. In 2021-2026, the size of smart computing is expected to recover from year to year.
With 11 Level 1 indicators, and 19 Level 2 "testing" indicators, the dawn light computing service (operated by dawn wisdom) wins first place in terms of its combined value. The training and content generation of the chhagpt model and the content generation are inextricably linked to the support of "Big Arithmetic" and started in 2019.
The layout of the ai numeracy service, which links the country's big assortment computing resources, forms an integrated network of services. In close collaboration with enterprises and scientific institutes such as the University of Retan and others, a number of joint solutions based on the ii model have been developed to support the country's multi-billion-degree-plus parameters.
Large model training, which addresses a number of cutting-edge areas such as brain intelligence, genetic technology, autopilot, helps the big model move quickly to scale applications. We believe that the market layout of the company's third-party arithmetic services is early and is expected to break down in scale in the future.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected; technology overlaps are accelerating; and market competition is increasing. Namely, the team has a deeper stock of industrial resources in advanced manufacturing, civil-military integration, new energy sources, new materials, etc., and is good at top-down industrial chain research and resource integration.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.