Double-controlled double-limit tightening, and the new energy giants continue to benefit - the tri-gorge energy review report (600905), issued by the National Development and Reform Commission on 16 September 2021, entitled " Improving energy consumption intensity and total control " .
The programme proposes that by 2025, energy consumption and energy consumption should be better controlled and more rational and efficient. By 2030, energy consumption and energy consumption should continue to decline significantly, energy consumption should be properly controlled and the energy structure should be better.
By 2035, the optimal allocation of energy resources, a more mature and structured system of total savings, and the market value of a share of circulation (billion yuan) strongly support the achievement of a steady drop in carbon emissions after peaks. Double-controlled double-limits and the increase in the price of coke from coke.
The relative depth of 300 indexes constrains the release of energy from downstream textile, chemical, cement, steel, etc., as a domestic new energy source, power generation giants, and further boosts the industrial profile of the three gorges. The company reported in its semi-annual report in 2021.
Achieving operating income of $7,885 million, an increase of 39.92 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies, encouraging support policies, with power giants taking advantage of the east wind: In February 2021, the National Development and Reform Commission issued guidance on the promotion of the integration and complementarities of power grids.
In March-June, a number of notifications were issued on new energy technologies such as wind power and photovoltaics. The company, the largest in the new energy generation industry in China, signed cooperation agreements with local governments and grid companies in Jilin, Chongqing, Hunan, Fujian, and other regions in the first half of 2021.
Source reserve; the company's under construction of the Ulaanbaatar project is the country's first “source-net-stocking” demonstration, with a total installed capacity of 3.1 million kw for the three gorge energy “windlight” power giants.
With a capacity of 290 million kw, an increase of 34.7 per cent in the same year, a national capacity of 270 million kw in solar power generation, an increase of 23.7 per cent in the same year, the market for our new energy generation sector is expanding at a very high rate. The company’s business structure is dominated by offshore wind power, while in Inner Mongolia, new construction, Yunnan, etc.
In the reporting period, the company generated 11,513 million kw/h of wind power, an increase of 46.59 per cent over the same period, and 4,598 million kw/h of photovoltaic power, an increase of 42.26 per cent over the same period.
In the second half of the year, it is expected that the growth of the industry will lead to new growth in the company’s performance. The advantages of power generation at sea are clear, and the incentives for technological innovation are strong: companies, as one of the country’s first producers of marine wind, are clearly ahead, and as of the first half of 2021, the companies had dropped at sea.
Power generation project 1.49 million kw, with 2.94 million kw in size, ranks first in the industry, accounting for about 20% of all wind power in the country. Based on strong corporate power, companies still insist on exploring technological innovations in offshore wind power, with 10 single construction boats hanging in the first half of 2021 alone.
6.45 The technological breakthroughs of the megawatt-sized wind machines, the development and downline of our first floating, typhoon-resistant, floating sea-based wind power units. Many of the country’s leading technologies developed by the company are expected to build greater technological advantages in the future and enhance the company’s internal competitiveness.
Risk factors: policy subsidy risk; project approval risk; receivable refund risk.