Three-quarter South Air 2023, three-quarter South Air 2023, operating revenue $119.49 billion in the first three quarters.
The dollar, 70.3 per cent more than the year, achieved a net return of 1.32 billion yuan, and lost the year.
In a positive development, companies ask, rpk grew by 76.8 per cent and 105.1 per cent, respectively, in three quarters, returning to higher levels in the same period of the year, driving a significant increase in revenue.
International oil prices have gone up in the last three quarters, falling in the same year, and the cost of the company ' s navigational oil has risen in terms of volume growth. The overall non-oil costs have stabilized, and the cost at the end of the three quarters is 3.81 per cent, 1.99 per cent and 1.99 per cent, respectively, of the company ' s sales, management and R & D costs, as the power of the movement continues to digest.
On the other hand, due to the steady exchange rate of the United States dollar against the renminbi and the realization of a certain exchange rate gain, three-quarters company, China Southern Air Group, has maintained a low rate of introduction of the civil aviation fleet in 2023, and supply restrictions remain in place, along with the population.
Continued growth in air demand, sustained rehabilitation of international routes to optimize market structures, macroeconomic downturns between 2024 and 2025, less than expected recovery in civil aviation demand, continued high oil prices, exchange rate devalued 1 Southern Air Disclosure 3rd Quarterly 2023
Southern Air disclosed three-quarterly reports in 2023, which resulted in operating income of $119.49 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 70.3 per cent in the previous quarter, and a net profit of $1.32 billion in the third quarter, a negative gain of $47.660 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 62.4 per cent, and a net profit of $4.20 billion in the third quarter.
Figure 1: Quarterly operating revenue from Southern aviation and the same rate of growth 2 wangs has improved significantly, with a flat-priced growth driven by revenue growth The civil aviation season market performed well, with significant improvements in the performance of companies in terms of delivery, volume and passenger occupancy, with three quarters of companies ask,
Rpk grew by 76.8 per cent and 105.1 per cent respectively, returning to 97.3 per cent and 93.3 per cent, respectively, in the same period 19 years, and the occupancy rate returned to more than 80 per cent. Figure 5: Quarterly occupancy rates and changes in the ratio for Southern Airlines
3 units of non-oil costs were stable over the same period, close to 19 years, and the cost-stable performance was in line with the expected upwards of the international oil price ring in the third quarter, falling in the same year, with the company ' s sealine cost ring rising as a result of business growth. The overall non-oil cost was stable, with the company ' s unit non-oil costs declining as the capacity was absorbed, compared with 19 years.
Steady, with a third-quarter financial cost of 2.42 per cent, a decrease of 10.01 pct over the same period. Overall, the performance of the Division is second best in history and is largely in line with expectations.
Figure 8: Trends in quarterly cost rates for South aviation 4 Profit forecasts and investment proposals 4 Civil aviation fleets were introduced at a low rate in 2023, supply constraints remained and international demand for civil aviation continued to grow
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair and independent of other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.