Qingdao beer (600,600): 100-year-old beer head, high-end steady progress, high-end growth in the beer industry, steady growth in industry. 1) Volume: beer consumption is dominated by 18-49-year-olds, Wu Kang Hui
According to the annual birth population data of the National Statistical Office, we measured an increase in the number of major beer-consuming people in the period 2023-2028, with a basis for a sustained rise in tonnage prices, and, under epidemiological stress tests over the past three years, most of the top-head-to-ton prices were higher than the average compound increase of 3 pcct per year in cpi, indicating that high end-to-end development was resilient.
The second is that low prices are rising upwards, and that, in the context of a weak recovery in the macro-environment, residents consume more rationally and focus on product quality ratios, and that low prices are rising upwards with greater certainty. Our beer sales are now mostly low-end, with a high-quality 6-10-dollar price with a higher degree of certainty, driven on the one hand by the upgrading of low-end products and, on the other, by falling demand.
The increase in the share of non-supplicative sources is expected to accelerate. The use of beer is divided into drinking and non-suppliers, followed by an increase in the share of non-suppliers, using Qingjia beer, for example, from 40% in 2019 to 59% in 2023.
The current macroeconomic recovery has been weak, with 1,056,000 domestic food hangoffs cancelled in 2024, close to 80% of the year 2023, high-end restaurants and nightclubs affected, and a rising share of non-supplier drinking revenues is expected. In other words, the drinking channel is dominated by canned sales, and changes in its structure are expected to accelerate the rate of canning.
Brands, products, channels together build high-end competitive advantages. 1) Brands are powerful and brand value industries lead. 2023 Qingjia beer brands are worth $24,689 billion, ranked third in food beverages, top in beer industry, and provide a basis for high-end competition. 2) middle-end products are the number one, and high-end product matrices are perfect.
In addition, in recent years, companies have continued to refine their high-end product matrix, launching the “One World Legendary” and “100 Years of Travel” , and have produced the slurry to further meet the demand for a detailed market. And, since 2018, the company’s tonnage has been moving up, with 2018-2023.
The annual price of cans is 5%. 3) The easer cans are more competitive than the drinking channels. Qingdao's beer is the country's earlier-publishing industry, where the volume of canned products is at the forefront of the industry, and the cost advantage of the fla cans is clear. With the increase in non-supplier channels, the company's competitive advantage is further highlighted. In 2023, the company's canning rate was 31%, compared to the United States and the United Kingdom.
In the context of a weak macroeconomic recovery, high-end beer sales are under pressure, mid-end price upgrades are accelerating, and Qingdao's beer is expected to benefit first from a single classic, while the cost dividend releases profit elasticity, which is high in the medium to long term.
One hundred-year-old Qingdao Beers represents a national beer and has a strong market position. The company was founded in 1903 as a Qingdao Beer Factory.
In 1993, the company was listed as the first domestic company to be listed in Hong Kong, and landed as the first Chinese company to be listed in both places. In 2023, the company owned 57 fully-owned and controlled beer-producing enterprises with real capacity of 9.466 million litres, and its products were sold in 120 countries and locations.
The region, which has a high international profile, has a 2023 Qingjia beer brand value of $24,689 billion, and has been in the forefront of China’s beer industry for 20 years. Looking back at the company’s development, it has gone through three phases of the “Emergency of Extension” “Era of Integration” “Era of Product Structures” and has now taken the lead in the beer industry.
Figure 1 History of the development of Qingdao beer (1996-2001): Merger and purchase of 47 beer businesses to complete the national production and distribution scheme 47 beer businesses to form a national production layout centred on Qingdao and Shandong throughout the country
17 provinces and municipalities own 48 beer and 3 wheat sprouts, and the share of companies rose from 2.2 per cent to 11 per cent in 1996-2001. (2) The era of integration (2001-2012): multidimensional reforms, with significant improvements in profitability, led in August 2001 to a multi-dimensional reform of markets, brand names, management, etc.
Qingdao's beer started to expand from mergers to systems integration. 1) Harmonisation: A 2002 Qingdao beer became a strategic alliance with the United States Department of Public Administration (A-B) to address the issue of consistency of local tastes by learning in depth about internationalized brewing standards and management methods.
(iii) Management change: after three management changes, in 2002 the company established an information management headquarters to enhance the company ' s ability to control channels and terminals through the establishment of an erp system and the launch of a supply chain management platform engineering project;
In 2005, a regional marketing company was established and replaced by the former Ministry of Industry, and Qingdao beer was initially transformed from a production-based to a market-based enterprise: in 2007, the company set up marketing and manufacturing centres, separated production and sales, and increased its professional performance.
(3) Ages of product structure upgrading (2012-present): The share of medium- and high-end sales has been rising.
In 2016, the company rolled out its mid-end high-end products such as Hongqing, Classic 1903, All Mac and Wheat and Pearson; in 2020 and 2022, the company launched its "100-year tour" and "The Legend of the World" super-high-end products, further lifting the company ' s brand.
1.2. The equity structure is clear, corporate governance is robust, corporate equity structure is clear, and many wars have been introduced into high-quality state enterprises. As of 2024q1, the Qingdao State Finance Committee is the inter-firm controller, holding 32.51% of the equity.
Optimizing management and becoming a high-quality state enterprise. 1) In 2002, the US beer leader, Anhes-Bush (a-b), was introduced to standardize factory production, address the issue of consistency of taste and lay the foundation for branding throughout the country; 2) In 2009, the introduction of Japanese beer and the use of its resources for production and marketing was raised from $18 billion in 2009 to 2017.
In 2021, just under 8 million litres of the epidemic were sold, and the rest were more than 8 million litres.The development of three strategic investments in Qingjia's beer management team has been stable, with a long-term deep-deep beer industry.
With many years of first-hand experience, he led a team to build a four-dimensional branding model for Qingdao beer branding, product marketing, consumer experience, fans, and interacting with each other. For more than 30 years in the area of beer technology, the company’s executive director and chief brewer, Seo-nam, was awarded the third “China Brewer Master” honour, with extensive production operations and quality management experience and strong safeguards.
1.3. The product structure continues to be optimized, the profitability of higher-middle-end products is increasing, and the profitability of support companies continues to increase. In 2023, the net return profits continued to grow at a rapid rate, and the company ' s new Qingjia 1-litre fine slurry and a 1-litre crystal pure market performed better.
Profit performance was better than revenue, owing mainly to the upgrading of the product structure, which reached 69.64 per cent of the 2023 Qingjia main brand, compared to the rising proportion of the 6 Qingjia main beer branding, and the steady increase in the sales of high-end products as a proportion of total sales in figure 7.
The overall rate is declining and the net interest rate continues to rise. 1 Profit: Māori in 2023 and net interest rate of 38.66% respectively. Qingdao beerroe is at the forefront of the industry and is expected to continue to move up as the share of high-end products rises.
Figure 13 Qingdao's total cash share of beer and the rate of dividends paid 2. High end trends remain unchanged and steady price increases are maintained
2.1. Pattern of competition: cr5 stabilized, showing regional cut-off 1900-1978: developmental period Early in the 20th century, as the raw materials needed for brewing beer were mostly imported from abroad, while brewing technology was used by Western enterprises
China’s beer market is largely monopolized by foreign firms. With the establishment of the new China, with the completion of three major transformations, the country’s new state-owned and modified beer factories have emerged, the beer industry has entered a new phase, and, through cooperation and the introduction of technology, the production of beer-making technologies and raw materials has been nationalized.
1979-1993: At a time of rapid development, there was a “breath of beer” throughout the country, forming a “one-city-a-breath” pattern. In 1993, Germany became the second largest beer producer in the world, with 1,192 million tons of beer produced.
1994-2013: incremental integration period. Due to the geographical characteristics of the beer industry, beer tap companies started a national merger and acquisition to increase market penetration.
In 2002, we were the world’s largest beer producer with 23,868 million tons of beer produced above the United States. 2014-to-date: China’s beer production peaked in 2013 during the stock competition period, with the beer industry entering the stock competitive phase beginning in 2014 and falling production.
At the same time, the production capacity and product structure of beer businesses have been further optimized, and industry concentration has continued to rise. With changes in consumer consumption capacity and consumption perceptions, consumer consumption has been upgraded, beer products have become more sophisticated and diversified, and the industry has entered a period of “volume steady price rise” with a steady rise in beer prices.
Following the establishment of the new China and the completion of three major transformations, new and modified State-run beer factories have been established in China, resulting in the nationalization of beer-making technologies and raw materials through cooperation and the introduction of technology.
In 1985, we launched the “Beer Special Project”, which brought the number of beer manufacturers to 813 in the country at the end of 1988, in the form of a “one city by one” pattern. In 1993, Germany became the world's second largest beer producer with 1,192 million tons of beer.
Because of the geographical characteristics of the beer industry, the beer tap industry has launched a national merger and acquisition to increase the city’s presence, culminating in the situation of the Hua Yun Group, the Qingdao Beer, the Bawe Asia-Pacific Region, the Yanjing Beers, and the Kasper “Cutting of the World’s Beers.” In 2002, with 23,868 million tons of beer, our country surpassed the United States as the world’s largest beer producer.
In 2013, Chinese beer production peaked and, starting in 2014, the beer industry began to compete in stocks, with production falling. Meanwhile, the beer industry’s capacity and product structure have been further optimized, and industry concentration has continued to rise.
At this stage, the market share is high and stable, with five dragons cutting one side. In 2022, Cr.5 was 75.4 per cent, with the cities of China and China accounting for the first 24.7 per cent, with the central markets being East, Sichuan and Anhui; Qingjia's beer was second at 18.6 per cent, with a dominant position in Shandong and Shaanxi; Bwai and Asia held 16.0 per cent of the city, and held in Hubei and Jiang.
West, Fujian; Yanjing's 8.5 per cent beer city, leading in Beijing, Inner Mongolia, Guangxi; Kasper's 7.6 per cent, leading in Chongqing, Yunnan, Xinjiang, Ningxia.
The size of the beer industry is driven by the number of consumers and the disposable income per person. After 2013, the volume of beer production and the number of the main consumers of beer fell, and, given the limited space available for industry growth and the high concentration of industry, the leading firms continued to introduce medium- and high-end products and to raise prices on their own initiative.
By 2013, the beer industry was growing at a high rate. After a peak of 4982,790 litres in 2013, production began to decline slowly, reaching 35,555,000 litres in 2023. According to the White Paper on the Trend of Boiling Cats in 2023, beer consumers were 18-49 years old, mainly by the National Statistical Office (NSO) each year.
The birth-population data measure the number of beer-based main consumption groups in 2023-2028 -- 0.50%, the number of main-power consumers is stable and the overall sales in the beer industry are expected to remain stable. Prices: per capita income continues to grow, and the price of tons is based on a constant rise.
In 2018, with the collective price increases in the beer industry and the introduction of a three-thirds closure guide for the glutinous beer industry, the sales spread of each beer tap began to expand. At this point in time, looking forward to the future, despite the weakness of the short-term consumer market, we believe that the trend towards high-end growth has remained unchanged, mainly because: 1) per capita disposable income has continued to grow, and there has been a further increase in public health awareness in the wake of the epidemic.
Capacity and willingness to buy medium- and high-end beer; 2) Most of the hard-to-tuition tests over the past three years show high-end growth in resilience by up to 3 pccct and higher cagr than the average annual compound increase in cpi. Figure 20 shows robust growth in the size of China’s beer market in the last decade (billion yuan)
Figure 23 China’s disposable income for all residents continues to rise, with $6-10 being the main driver of high-end growth, with the core products benefiting from an expansion dividend. The beer high-end route is one that pushes high-end products, and the low-price belt is rising upwards, with more rational consumption and a focus on product quality in the context of a weak recovery in the macro-economic environment.
Compared to the path that we believe to be moving up the low price belt, beer can be divided into low end (under $6), middle end (under $6-10), high end (10-12) and super-high end (over $12), and our beer sales are now dominated by low end, with a pyramid-shaped product structure, of which $6-10 has a higher level of certainty, driven on the one hand by the upgrading of low end products.
More recent products such as youth island beer classics, Superx, and Yinkingu8 have been able to increase at a higher rate, confirming that the product benefits from the expansion dividend. The potential for high-end beer development in the country is high, and competition is gradually focusing on brands.
It's also gradually escalating, with core competition elements gradually shifting from terminal control to branding. Specifically, in the middle-end price belt, consumers pursue quality upgrading and focus on brand consumption; high-end and above price belts, consumers pursue experience upgrading; core products need to meet individualization, customization, and taste diversification needs.
At home, there is sufficient potential for development. According to Ewe, in 2022, the share of medium- and high-end beer sales was 34.8 per cent, compared to 97.5 per cent, 96.6 per cent and 79.0 per cent in Singapore, France and the United States of America during the same period.
Figure 26 Our beer sales are based on $7 and below economic beer. Figure 27 China ' s share of high-end beer sales has a greater potential for upgrading than overseas. 2.2.3. The increase in the rate of canning is expected to accelerate.
In other words, the drinking scene has been damaged, with a steady increase in drinking access compared to the expected increase in the canning rate, which is expected to accelerate. The use of beer is divided into drinking and non-supplier drinking, with the post-infection drinking ratio rising, for example, from 40 per cent in 2019 to 59 per cent in 2023.
H1 domestic food hang-off amounted to 1056,000, close to 80% of the entire year in 2023, high-end restaurants and nightclubs were hit, part of the beer consumption shifted to instant drinking, and it is expected that the share of income from drinking will continue to rise. In other words, the main source of drinking, the canned beer, the increase in the canning rate is expected to accelerate. In 2022, our canning rate was 27.1%, compared to 65% in the United States, the United Kingdom, etc.
There's a lot of room for upscaling. 3. Brands are deep, high-end strategies are moving forward. 3.1. Brands are powerful and medium- and high-end products are well-structured.
The brands are powerful and provide a high-end foundation. The company adheres to the Qingdao + Mountain brand strategy to achieve full price belt coverage, with the Qingdao branding leading to high-end price belts, the Qingdao branding of the public market, the recent increase in sales of Qingdao brands, with 57 per cent of sales of Qingdao/Qingshan brands in 2023.
On the list, the 2023 Qingshima Beer brand, valued at $24,689 million, has been in China's beer industry for 20 years. First, it has a strong branding influence.
The company owns the only national priority laboratory in the beer industry - beer, the national priority laboratory for biological fermentation, which is well developed, and which has been launched earlier than its colleagues, and has built the first single classic in the beer end market, which is more than 2 million litres; and the white beak size, which is also more than 100,000 litres.
In 2018, except for 2021 and 2022, the total sales of companies remained stable at more than 8 million litres, with short-term profit increases benefiting from cost dividends and long-term high-end strategies.
The main reason for the change in the Māori rate was 66.63 per cent in 2023 of the direct material, of which the packaging (glass, aluminum ingots, tiles) was counter-measured. The price of Chinese imports of barley showed a downward trend, alleviating the pressure on the company's raw material end cost; in addition, the main packagings, glass and tiles, continued to drop, with a significant improvement in the year-round cost.
Absorption cost pressures. Packaging prices since 382018 ($/t) Figure 392017 Chinese barley imports
Regional sales are adapted to local conditions, and the results of the reform of the channels are evident. Under the line, the main distribution channel for beer, the company uses the “large-to-house + micro-operate” marketing model, micro-operated as deep distribution. Companies use different modes according to market, by region.
In the same time, strategic distributors are actively promoted, distribution capacity in regional markets is enhanced, and sales of corporate products are facilitated. In recent years, efficiency gains have been significant as a result of locally adapted promotional models, with regional efficiency rising by 22 per cent in 2023.
By the end of 2023, there were 11,357 corporate distributors, with sales by single distributors amounting to $2,982,000, increasing as the company digitized. The regional upgrading thinking was clear, driving the expansion of the city’s size.
80% of the production and sales have remained the highest in the country for many years, with 4,89.39 million litres in 2022 accounting for 13.71% of the country’s production, the largest in other regions. The company’s current promotion in the Shandong Hills and in the classics is promoting the upgrading of Hans and the regional brands of mountain waters to the mountains, and continuing to expand the classics, and is expected to increase gradually, depending on the absolute advantage of the camp, with less resistance to product structural upgrading.
In other markets, North, North, North, North, North, North, North, and South, corporate advantage areas, sales volume continued to grow in the north-east, North and China, with the overall trend of high-end sales unchanged. Products sold out to out-of-provincial sales; the decline in the Māori rate in 2021 was mainly due to caliber adjustments, co-opportunities.
The Māori ratio in Shandong has risen by 1.64 pct. The easer cans are more competitive than the drinking channel.
In 1991, Qingdao beer led the first Qingdao International Beer Festival, now the largest beer festival in Asia and exported to more than 50 cities. Other companies actively sponsored it.
Sports events and music festivals, raising brand influence and shaping brand dynamics. Qingdao Beers are sponsors of the 2008 Olympics, the 2022 Winter Olympics; official partners of the Yakaw, China, and cba; joint scream night concerts, strawberry music festivals, sisy festivals, etc., show brand rejuvenation and brand dynamism.
Figure 47 Showing brand rejuvenation through music marketing
Since 2017, the company has continued to optimize its capacity and shut down 1-2 inefficient plants per year to improve its efficiency. As of 2023, the company owned 57 fully-owned and controlled beer production units in the country, with a design capacity of 1,432 thousand litres and an actual capacity of 946 thousand litres, with a capacity utilization rate of 84.64 per cent compared to 2017.
Qingdao's beer production capacity is at the forefront of the industry compared to industry. Figure 49 Qingdao's beer production capacity compared to industry. Digital production helped to reduce staff.
From 40,000 in 2017 to 30,000 in 2023, the ratio of producers and sales workers was 45 per cent and 32 per cent respectively, (1) the end of revenue: 1 > sales: the sales of Qingdao's main beer are expected to increase steadily in line with the trend towards a steady increase in prices, and (2) the profit end: a significant improvement in the Māori rate is expected to be achieved in 2024, benefiting from the release of the cost dividend from barley and a decrease in the cost of the package;
Relative valuation: three beers on the mainland were selected as kongqing beer, Yinjing beer, Joojiang beer as a comparable division, including Chongqing beer as a national brand, Yinjing beer and Joojiang beer as regional strong brands, 2024e as a par with 23.82 and Qingjia beer as a lower than industry average.
In the context of a weak macroeconomic recovery, high-end beer sales are under pressure, the mid-end price escalation is accelerating, and the Qingdao beer is dependent on large monolithic classics is expected to benefit first, while the cost dividend releases profit elasticity; in the medium and long term, high-end product layouts are expected to benefit first.
(1) Product structure does not improve as expected: high-end beer consumption is more affected by macroeconomic development and, if the economy does not grow as expected, will affect the level of income and consumer confidence of the population, ultimately leading to a weakening of consumption power, a pace of structural upgrading or increased competition in middle- and high-end markets (2): in the context of a weak recovery in consumption, beer consumers focus on quality prices, consumer markets
Competition is becoming more intense and, if firms fail to keep pace with market developments and meet changes in client demand, they ultimately affect performance. (3) Impacts on food security: safe drinking is the red line for industry development, and if there is a problem with safe drinking, it may have a negative impact on the company’s valuation and long-term fundamentals.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.