The three-quarterly review of full energy in 2025: q3 was significantly reduced, corporate cost optimization + industry events: the company recently released its three-quarter report in 2025, the first three quarters of 2025, where it now returns to its mother a net profit of $74 million, and the same-and-ring ratio is reversed.
The price of silicon materials is continuously repaired, with significant efficiency gains and good sales. The company sold the silicon without taxes in the third quarter of 2025 at $41.49/kg, the ring ratio at +36.80 per cent, while benefiting from the company ' s continuing mitigation efficiency gains, at a unit cost of $46.04/kg in the third quarter of 2025, and at a unit cash cost of $46.04/kg in the third quarter of 2025.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company achieved multi-crystal silicon production and sales of about 30,24 million tons, yield and sales of the ring ratio + 17.83 per cent, +133.95 per cent, production and sales of the in-house volume + storage expectations contributed to price escalation, faster prices went to the bank, and helped the company to wrinkle three quarters.
The industry’s back-to-backs are moving forward, silicon prices have been on the rise since June, and three seasons of multi-crystal silicon prices and profit recovery are continuing. In the face of the rising trend of multi-crystal silicon prices, the pace of cargo preparation has accelerated, accelerating the degeneration of the multi-crystal silicon inventory.
The moving record sheet announces that the company ' s prior-period inventory price falls are expected to be reversed or written off in the current period, and that total equity/flow (billion shares) drives the company ' s current profits to improve.
The company operates well and has a strong cash flow. The corporate asset and liability ratio is low, and public investment is recommended at the end of the reporting period: the company is a photovolatile silicone head business that benefits from advanced production, continuous growth and efficiency gains and excellent customer structures, and the company successfully achieved a smooth break-down in the third quarter of 2025.
The price and profit of photovoltaic silicon are expected to pick up further as the wind-voltage industry reverses. In 2025-2027, the company's operating income was $4,810 million, $7,288 million and $9,292 million, respectively;
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report