The multi-crystal silicon price rebound + the cost drop is significant, q3 achieves an excess of q3 November 02, 2025. On a quarterly basis, company 25q3 achieved operating income of $1,773 million, +24.75 per cent, ring ratio
+214.93%; 73 million yuan net profit from the parent, plus 60 million yuan net profit from the non-mortality net profit from the ring balance. We believe that corporate q3 quarter profits are mainly on silicon prices up, company multi-crystal silicon products are on the rise, and the cumulative growth of the company’s efficiency gains continues to increase, resulting in a significant reduction in unit costs.
In response to market changes, the q3-volume boomed the industry, led by the country's “reverse-in-the-roll” policy, has a price recovery trend, and companies have responded positively to market changes, adapting production plans and marketing strategies in a timely manner, effectively managing the price recovery window and achieving synergies in the production and distribution chain.
Dun Yongkang operates. q1-q3 multi-crystal silicon production is 8.15 million tons in 25 years, corresponding to 52.3 per cent of the year, selling 885 million tons, corresponding to 36.4 per cent of the year, of which 25q3 achieved sales of 4.24 million tons in the first quarter, ring + 134.0 per cent.
In terms of costs, corporate efficiency gains continue to increase, with 25q3 unit costs, cash costs and changes in current market dynamics, product prices and market trends, combined with annual routine review of progress.
According to company announcements, the production of multi-crystal silicon in the fourth quarter is expected to be 395-425 tons, with production expected throughout the year 2025.
\triangleright end of reporting period, cash reserve requirements including currency funds, term deposits, structured deposits and receivable notes
Modified at $13.112 billion, providing a strong assessment of companies ' response to industry cyclical fluctuations and future market opportunities: fine management of effective drops, adequate funding + low liabilities \triangleright
2. Global Energy (6883.sh) 3-quarter 2024 report point: performance is as expected and cash reserves are good and promising
The company leads the silicon chain, and good cost control and financial power are expected to help the company cross the week.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.