China Guangning mid-year review 2024, 22 August 2024, Guangning, China (003816.sz)
Incident: The company issued its mid-year report in 2024, which generated $39,377 million in the first half of the year, i.e. +0.26 per cent, pottery, Liang Yunan.
In terms of cash flows, the company achieved a net operating cash flow of 12,889 million yuan, equivalent to -18 per cent of the total, mainly due to the payment of bills due. The amount of electricity on the Internet & the price of electricity has fallen slightly since the same time, but the net profit on the level of electricity has remained almost equal: on the one hand, the company's son-in-law,
In the first half of the year, 87,842 million kilowatt-hours of electricity were generated, corresponding to -0.21 per cent; on the other hand, a fall in the price of the entire electricity market resulted in companies accessing electricity at the same rate of 1.60 per cent or 6 per cent/kwh, resulting in 24h1, but, thanks to effective cost control, the company achieved a net profit of 0.104 yuan/kwh on electricity.
Three cents/kwh (not including data on the Ridgedong nuclear power plant), below the absolute reduction in electricity prices. 24h1 power generation is generally stable, and 24h2 is expected to improve on the same basis: 24h1, the company achieved 11.378 billion kilowatt hours of electricity generation (including joint ventures), an increase of 0.08%.
Reconnection was restored in November of that year, contributing to the increase; 13,093 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity generated by the anti-city nuclear power plant, which increased by 9.09 per cent over the same period, mainly thanks to the increase in the production of electricity from the anti-city port unit 3 on 25 March 2023, and from the same period in 23 years, from 523 days to 413 days, thus bringing the total level of electricity generated in the first half of the year to almost the same level.
During the second half of the year, on the one hand, the growth generated by Unit 4 is expected to be better demonstrated; on the other hand, the company plans to carry out eight major refueling repairs in 24h2, less than 12 of 23h2; and on the basis of this, we anticipate that the company's 24h2 generation capacity is expected to improve on a par.
Short-term air fleets provide elastic performance and project reserves provide long-term growth: as of 2024/6/30, the company managed 28 on-going aircraft fleets with a capacity of 31756,000 kW; 10 on-going aircraft fleets (including six commissioned by the controlling shareholders) with a combined capacity of 12,058,000 kW.
On 19 August 2024, the regular session approved five new nuclear power projects and 11 units belonging to the company, including three projects and six units. Based on the above, the build-up capacity of the nuclear power plant currently being built by the company is currently in progress.
I'm a national nuclear power tap, with a strong long-term growth rate, considering the Group's commitment to inject the company into the public market within five years of the start of construction of the nuclear power plant.
The company’s short-term performance is also expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.