Injection of assets into contribution performance increases and the space for forward growth is still wide: 27 October 2023, 3rd Quarterly Report, 3rd Quarter 2023, Power 600188
In the third quarter, 51% of the ownership and 51% of Xinjiang's shareholding were successfully cut. In the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved business income of $12.227 billion, resulting in a net profit of $1.635 billion for the mother; and Xinjiang realized business income of $3.66 billion, resulting in a net profit of $520 million for the mother.
A total of 1.1 billion yuan in net profit for the energy of the mine and 300 million yuan in net profit for the third quarter of the year alone. We believe that there is still much room for future recovery in the production of the coal and Australia, as well as for the base of the moon.
Production is expected to continue at a steady rate (improved syrup and increased coal production in the pits), and corporate coal production is expected to continue at a steady rate. Prices: the company achieved coal averaged RMB 1009/t in the fourth quarter of the first three quarters, with a marked improvement in the four-quarter price ring ratio.
The supply of and demand for coal remain tight and evenly balanced against the backdrop of high utilization and increasing security conditions. We believe that coal prices are expected to remain medium-high, leading to better profits for the company ' s coal plate. Cost: the company ' s coal operation cost of $4.4105 billion in the first three quarters of the year, compared to the increase.
Add 0.1%, of which 30.836 million yuan is for home-grown coal, an increase of 7.8% over the same period, and 349.2 yuan per tonne is for home-grown coal. We believe that a more secondary cost of productive recovery and higher input is the main reason for the increase in home-grown coal costs, with future production going on in coal.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. is recovering, and the company ' s own cost of coal production is expected to decline.
Coal industry: Production and sales have increased steadily, prices of products have rebounded, production costs have remained stable, coal, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City Front Street in Beijing, Beijing, are expected to improve continuously.
By product, 30.34 million tons of methanol were produced in the previous three quarters, representing an increase of 11.4 per cent in the same year, 30.13 million tons in sales, or 9.3 per cent in the same year; 854,000 tons of acetic acid, or 13.9 per cent in the same year, were sold, a decrease of 23.08 per cent in sales and a sales price of 2,755/ton per unit for acetic acid.
As at 27 October, the market price for methanol in the east of China was $2462 per ton, and the spot price for acetic acid was $3080 per ton, with a significant increase in the ring ratio.
The cost of the coal chemical industry was 15.863 million yuan, an increase of 1.07 per cent over the same year, of which the cost of marketing methanol was 5 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.05 per cent over the same year, and the cost of selling methanol was 1,659 yuan per tonne; the cost of selling acetic acid was 1.31 billion yuan, a decrease of 2.17 per cent over the same year, and the cost of selling acetic acid was 2417 yuan per tonne.
The company successfully acquired 51% of the ownership and 51% of Xinjiang’s shareholding, and in the third quarter. Rusi Mining: Ruzi earned $10.45 billion in coal sales in the first three quarters of the same period.
The decline of 11.2% was due to sales of 87.43 million tons, an increase of 11.5% over the same period, and sales prices of $1195/tonne, a decline of 20.3% over the same period, which was less than expected in the mining financial performance of Rusi, mainly affected by the fall in coal prices. Xinjiang’s capacity: Xinjiang’s revenue from coal sales in the first three quarters was 2.2 billion yuan.
The price of coal sold by companies and production fell somewhat, resulting in less than expected financial performance. The future of Xinjiang’s coal production is more likely to grow and coal prices are expected to rise midway.
Maintenance, we believe that Rusi mining and Xinjiang will have little pressure on their performance in meeting their commitments. Xinjiang is working well on the first phase of open-air mining in the semi-East Pacific Bay mining area, which is expected to be completed by the company in the first half of 2025, which will lead to an increase in coal production by 10 million tons per year.
In terms of high-growth, high-scoring red, and low-valued properties, we still look forward to the restoration of the value of the mineral energy. In terms of high-growth, the company’s current acquisition of Rusi mining and Xinjiang energy is the implementation of the Development Strategy Framework.
In the future, companies will continue to advance the Development Strategy Framework, focusing on moving towards a target of 300 million tons of coal production over 5 to 10 years, and sustained access to assets such as group high-quality coal resources and coal-chemicals through asset acquisition, with broad potential for future growth.
In contrast, the company’s current valuation level is at a historically low level, with a stock market gain of 6.32 times ttm and a stock gain of 4.34 times h. Under high growth, high points and low valuation properties, we believe that the company’s valuation is expected to improve.
Profit forecasting and rating: During the energy cycle-driven coal supply shortage cycle, we expect the future, the orderly injection of high-quality group shareholders’ assets and deepening of employee equity incentives under state-owned reforms will continue to move forward, and the energy from the mines is expected to grow towards “the world’s world’s first-class clean energy suppliers.”
Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and external energy policies; macroeconomic slowdowns, domestic and foreign; or
The recovery was significantly less than expected; there was a risk of a major coal safety accident; and the company’s asset injection process was affected by force majeure.Kant Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China’s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.