Concrete machinery and cranes, core product continuity date: 20.02.20; high growth of core plates and significant improvement in the quality of operations; first half of 2019, the company's two main players
Core plate cranes and concrete machines generated operating revenues of $11,005 million, and central settlements (agents) of HK$490 million, representing an increase of 94.8 per cent and 31.2 per cent, respectively, in recent years.
Measures such as household assessment and access mechanisms, and raising the down payment ratio have led to a rapid contraction of corporate risk exposure (hksccnomineeslicited).
The financial viability of the Division has been significantly improved. In addition, corporate receivables and stock turnover rates have been rising steadily, operating cash flows have been improving continuously, and the quality of the company’s operations has improved significantly.
In concrete machinery, the public sector is one of the world’s best-selling concrete machines. In engineering cranes, the company’s share of the market is the top three in the country, and it is also the leading player in the international market.
In 2019, the company is expected to have more than 40% of the country’s markets and to be an absolute leader in the market. With the accelerated implementation of the “N6” standard for heavy diesel vehicles, a large number of concrete machines and engineering cranes eligible under the “N3” standard will be phased out, and stocks will need to be replaced.
The assembly building creates a demand for large and medium-sized towers; the structure used in the assembly building is heavier and requires a higher quantity of lifting equipment and weight. As the assembly is constructed, the unit is shown to be 300 indexes of depth.
Increased penetration, and the demand for large- and medium-sized tower cranes in the downstream market, resulted in an annual composite growth rate of 126 per cent in 2016-2019 for the rental of towers for assembly buildings. According to our estimates, the size of new assembly buildings is expected to reach 470 million in 2021.
The demand for large towers is expected to reach 58,000 square metres. Currently, the market for large towers is low, there is much room for incremental growth under assembly buildings, and the large tower market is expected to grow “0 to 1” across the border.
Risk factors: Real estate, capital investments do not increase as fast as expected; assembly building roll-out does not meet the expected risk: engineering machinery upgrades do not move as fast as expected: market competition plus Wang Smin
Lu Daqi 1, one of the four main leaders of engineering and machinery, was founded in 1992 by the former Minister of Construction, the Sha Construction and Mechanical Institute.
Research and development of high-tech equipment, such as engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, etc., mainly for cranes, concrete machinery, agricultural machinery, etc. The company has covered a number of countries and regions around the world and has marketed along the “one-way” route.
At present, the company is actively engaged in strategic transformation by building high-end equipment manufacturing enterprises that collect engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, and financial services.
In the first half of 2019, the company earned 49% and 34% of its operating income respectively. In 2017, the company stripped off its sanitation mechanical assets and returned its funds.
New focus on engineering and machinery, along with the deployment of earth machinery, high-altitude operating machinery.
The company’s performance continued to grow at a high rate as the overall landscape of the engineering and machinery industry recovered. At the revenue-side, the company’s operating income continued to recover since 2017, reaching $28,697 million in 2018, up 43.3 per cent from the bottom of the 2016 performance, which was 59.7 per cent of the 2012 high performance.
In terms of net profits, the company ' s net return to the mother was $934 million in 2016 and recovered to $2,020 million in 2018. In terms of the company ' s share of the domestic product market in the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s share in the market for crane machinery, concrete machinery and machinery continued to lead the way.
This is better than the industry level. Since 2017, the company has maintained a rapid increase of more than 80% in revenue from heavy machinery operations, while the sales scale has increased, while the company ' s product structure has been optimized, product prices have remained relatively competitive, cost savings have been reduced, and profitability levels have been rising. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company ' s Māori ratio was 29.8%, close to 2011.
Corporate costs were also effectively managed. Corporate sales costs, management (including R & D) were 8.8 percentage points in the first three quarters of 2019. The sales costs of companies increased considerably in the first three quarters of 2019 as a result of inputs from the company ' s increased service delivery system, spare parts supply system, sales wind control; management costs were almost equal to the same period in 2018; R & D fees
With a larger increase than in the same period in 2018, it is mainly due to increased research and development inputs from companies in terms of 4.0 products, earth machinery, high-altitude machinery, and intellectual manufacturing. 2.2 Increased risk control, clearance of historical burdens, and significant improvement in the quality of operations
For general credit sales, customers pay in advance the initial payment of the product and make the balance during the credit period, creating a receivable. For customers who choose mortgage loans and third-party financial leases, the company is the customer.
Providing guarantees to banks or third-party leasing companies creates or poses risks. At the height of the last cycle of engineering machinery, the company provided large guarantees to customers, with a buy-back guarantee balance of more than $17 billion in 2013 and 2014.
In 2018, the balance of a company ' s repurchase guarantee fell to $3.8 billion and the risk exposure contracted to 98 per cent, as the industry warmed up, as well as measures to strengthen its client assessment and access mechanisms and further raise the down payment ratio.
In 2017, the company made a strategic adjustment to the industry, selling 80% of the environmental stock, obtaining $11.6 billion in cash, and improving the liquidity of the company’s assets. In the same year, the company was prepared to write down $8.79 billion in asset impairments for stock assets, fully cleared of the historical burden, and the company was financially sound.
During the current swing cycle, the company has improved its risk management capacity and the quality of its operations significantly. The turnover of the company’s assets has continued to improve since 2016, with the turnover of the company’s accounts receivable and inventory in the first three quarters of 2019 at 1.30, 2.11 and 0.36 and 0.36 respectively, respectively, up from the same period in 2018.
There has also been a steady improvement, with a record high of $5.06 billion in net operating cash flows from companies in 2018; $4.96 billion in net operating cash flows from companies in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 62.5 per cent over the same period in 2018.3 Concrete machinery: equipment replacement supports industry development, and the company is one of the double-hub heads.
3.1 The volume of concrete machinery recovered and the industry was more affected by capital and real estate investments. Concrete machinery consisted mainly of concrete blending transport vehicles, concrete pump vehicles, concrete pumps, concrete mixing stations four types, in which concrete mixing stations produced concrete, blending vehicles transported concrete to construction sites, pump vehicles and
Prior to 2011, domestic capital and real estate investment grew at a high rate, leading to a boom in the market for concrete machinery. As capital and real estate investments fell and demand went ahead, the volume of concrete machinery went down.
The sales peaked around 2011-2012 and then declined year by year, starting with a recovery in 2017. In 2017, 35,656 concrete blenders were sold, representing 76.9 per cent of the peak sales in 2011; and 3,532 concrete pump vehicles were sold, returning to only 29.4 per cent of the peak sales in 2011.
Figure 15: Concrete mixer transport vehicle sales are increasing at an equal rate. In terms of product stock, concrete mixers and mixing stations are more affected by capital investments, and concrete pumps and pumps are more affected by real estate investments. In the 2012 - 2017 period, domestic capital investments were completed.
2.5%. In contrast, the holdings of concrete mixers and blending stations have remained largely stable since 2012, while the holdings of concrete pumps and concrete pumps have declined rapidly or even registered negative growth. 3.2 The outlook for overseas markets is promising, with stock replacements supporting industry development.
In 2012-2016, the concrete machinery industry sold down, but the concrete machinery exported better. In the case of concrete blenders, exports of concrete mixers rose rapidly at a time of depression in the country ' s concrete machinery market, reaching 8,183 in 2017, which accounted for the total.
With the international competitiveness of domestic concrete machinery enterprises, the overseas market for concrete machinery will be an important source of growth in the industry’s new demand. The upgrading of stock equipment will support the industry’s growth in the next 2-3 years.
As of 1 July 2021, all heavy diesel vehicles produced, imported, sold and registered are required to meet this standard, and Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, etc. have advanced the date of July 1st 2019. According to our calculations, it is expected that by 2019 we will be the third country.
There are about 37,000 pumps and about 156,000 blenders. In the context of the “country six” approximation acceleration, a large number of “country three” equipment will face phase-out and accelerate the pace of equipment renewal.
Assuming the life cycle of the equipment is 10 years, 70% phase-out after the end of the useful life, 30% of the next year's product is one of the best in the industry, and the concrete machine market has a double-heading pattern.
Businesses, the second-largest brand of concrete machinery in the world since the acquisition of cifa in Italy, have a large share of the world’s market. In terms of operating income, the turnover of the tri-bond concrete machinery was 16,964 million yuan in 2018, and that of the Central Quakers, 10,165 million yuan.
The market share of earth machinery is about 60%, and the global market for concrete machinery in the Quaker Section is 30% of the world’s top-to-ground, concrete-to-mechanic market. Compared to the pump, the concrete mixer technology threshold is relatively low, and the market share is relatively fragmented.
The mixer is becoming the dominant market, and companies are expected to increase their share of the market.
Large provinces of demand are also following suit, meaning that traditional overloading practices, which depend on large tons of small markers, have been reversed. Road overcrowding across the country has opened new market space for equipment such as concrete mixers, which, in the same time, has meant that light quantification will become a competitive factor at the core of future concrete machinery products.
Research and development began on a light-quantized mixer series, starting in 2014 with a full-scale deployment of a light-quantified mixer market. In 2019, the company launched a super-quantified quadrant 8-dimensional heavy-gas mixer, which quickly received market approval for new products, but did not receive hundreds of orders in a week.
For the mainstream of the market, the market share of company mixers is expected to increase further.
4. Engineering cranes: Country III phase-out of pull-over demand, company leader in 4.1 base-line build-up demand, Country III phase-out of incentive equipment upgrades Construction cranes include, inter alia, car cranes, vehicle cranes, tracked cranes, full-ground cranes, etc.
In 2018, 66.3 per cent and 29.1 per cent of the two types of equipment were sold. Engineering cranes could be used in industries such as industrial construction, civil construction, installation of equipment in the installation of industrial equipment, material handling, etc. They could also be used extensively in transport, mines, oil fields, hydropower and military engineering.
Investment-led domestic engineering cranes peaked in 2011, with sales of more than 47,000 annually reaching the bottom of the valley, and 18,589 annually, of which 9,455 were vehicles. The industry recovered rapidly, with 48,398 in 2018, exceeding the peak in 2011.
The engineering crane industry was largely influenced by the economic cycle and the strength of capital and real estate investments. Until 2011, the high sales of engineering cranes, driven by the high growth in capital and real estate investments, had increased their holdings, reaching 227,000 to 245,000 in 2013 nationwide.
The capital will form the backbone of the new demand for pull-on cranes. Under pressure from the economy, capital investment is expected to be a major force for the economy. In 2019, the country launched the lowest number of capital projects.
Measures such as capital ratios, pre-payment of specific debt lines, etc., will facilitate the construction of short panels and make it clear that pre-issued bonds cannot be used in areas related to earth storage and real estate. We believe that a range of policies, such as short sheets, will effectively boost the recovery of capital investment in 2020, which will be the main source of increased demand for construction cranes in the coming years.
Similar to concrete machinery, the phase-out of the heavy diesel vehicle “country three” equipment will stimulate the need for the replacement of the engineering crane. According to our calculations, about 140,000 car cranes were sold during the implementation of the “country three” standard for the heavy diesel vehicle, and about 110.5 million vehicle cranes are expected to be held in our country “country three” by 2019.
As a result of the accelerated implementation, the following standard equipment restrictions have been introduced in various parts of the country, with a large number of equipment to be phased out, stimulating the replacement needs of engineering cranes. Six-monthly sales are calculated at 50% of total annual sales:
Assuming a life cycle of 10 years, 70% phase-out after the end of the useful life, 30% of the next year ' s production, and a three-pronged pattern in the domestic engineering crane industry in the middle of the 4.2 year.
Instead of Xu Xu + Xu Xu + Xu Xu + Xu Xu + Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi
According to the change in the city’s share, in mid-2014, the UIK accounted for only about 15% of the construction crane market, and in the global market, the UIK was also the leading market. According to ccma, the UIK was ranked fifth in the top 10 global cranes in 2018, with a market share in the global cranes, including tower cranes.
Chinese Yearbook of Engineering and Machinery Industry, Wanjong Securities Research, Chinese Yearbook of Engineering and Machinery Industry, Wanjing Securities Research Fit
5. Tower cranes: Large and medium towers are very promising, company taps are still in the bottom position, 5.1 towers are in the bottom, and further ups and downs are expected in the future.
Municipal engineering, transport engineering, energy engineering, etc.. After 2013, tower liftings fell from 63,684 in 2013 to around 7,000 in 2016, and insurance fell after 2015. After 2017, tower lifting sales gradually recovered, based on forward-looking industry research.
In 2018, the sale of tower cranes recovered to 14.1 million, representing only 22.1% of the peak sales in 2013, and is expected to increase further in the future. The sale of tower cranes is highly correlated with the new start of real estate.
In 2019, the country opened 2,272 million square metres of new real estate, an increase of 8.5% compared to the previous year, which is expected to lead to a further recovery in the sale of the towers. The demand for the towers is more affected by the size of the construction of the property, and there is some scope for future retention.
In the course of the construction of the project, the tower cranes usually enter after the construction of the foundations, exit from the main structure tops, completes the sections, and covers most of the construction cycle, so that the demand for the tower cranes is strongly influenced by the build-up of the housing stock. Prior to 2012, the stock of the tower cranes grew in parallel with the construction of the buildings.
The tower lifting level (construction area/ tower stock) has remained essentially stable at 0.56 m2. In 2012-2015, the stock of tower cranes increased rapidly and the tower lifting level of confidentiality rose to about 0.6 m2. After 2015, the tower holdings fell and the tower level of confidentiality declined to around 0.53 m2 in 2017, at a historically low level.
Positions. As the assembly building moves forward, the demand for towers in the real estate sector will increase significantly, with a 5.2-package high-speed construction that pulls in large-scale towers.
Construction units and accessories (e.g., floors, walls, staircases, balconys, etc.) were prepared, transported to the construction site and installed on the site by means of reliable connections, and plans were made in all regions for the construction of the assembly.
Guidance for exhibition assembly buildings, with a focus on the three major urban clusters of Kyouta, Long Triangle, Pearl Triangle, other cities with a permanent population of more than 3 million, are active push areas, while others are encouraging push areas to develop assembly buildings such as assembly concrete structures, steel structures, and modern wood structures, depending on the location.
In March 2017, the Ministry of Housing published the "13th Five-Five" Building Action Programme, which proposes that by 2020, the proportion of new buildings in the country will be 15%.
More than 20 per cent of the above-mentioned priority areas, more than 15 per cent of the active areas, and more than 10 per cent of the active areas. Plans have also been made throughout the country for the proportion of new buildings to be built, with the provinces of Guangdong, Jiangsu, Shandong, Henan and Anhui proposing a higher proportion of the buildings to be installed in 2025.
At the national and local levels, there is a rapid increase in the size of the country’s assembly buildings. The proportion of new buildings built by the assembly buildings rose rapidly from less than 1% in 2012 to 13.9% in 2018, but there is still a gap between the target of 30% in 2025 and 2.27 billion square metres in 2019, if new houses are to be built in 2020 and 2021.
The assembly building combines production industrialization with construction installation assembly, which uses a heavier structure and therefore requires a higher weight and precision of lifting equipment. The full prefabricated cutting wall currently weighs about 7t and the full prefabricated staircases about 4t, far more than the traditional off-the-shelf building.
In general, two 2.5ts or one 4t tower are required if you want to meet the high-level construction hang-up requirements of 100 m and cover 50 m.
The market for large towers has grown “from 0 to 1” as a result of the build-up pull. The demand for large- and medium-sized tower cranes in the downstream market has increased rapidly with the rise in the penetration rate of assembly buildings. In 2019, Ponse leased the towers for assembly construction, which were about 355 million tons of rice, and in 2016, about 310,000 tons of them, with an annual composite growth rate of 126%.
The towers’ market holdings are below demand and will be expected to be higher in real terms in the future. 5.3 is the country’s towers, and the city’s share is expected to continue to rise, and the towers are strong and firm. According to the company’s research bulletin, 2012 is the year of the entire industry.
There are more than 300 cranes, and the subsequent industry is gradually integrated at a low tide, leaving only 70 towers at the moment. Thanks to increased concentration, the company’s tower business grew at a high rate, and on December 5, 2019, the public administration announced that in 2019 it would be the world’s first company to sell $10 billion a year.
The Division expects the market share in the domestic tower market to be more than 40% in 2019, and it will continue to be an absolute leader in the country, and the acquisition of technology will increase, with firms expected to increase further. In 2011, the Central Union bought out the international leader of Germany’s jost tower technology, mastered the design techniques and concepts of the European flattop and developed a series of high-end flats.
In 2018, the UCK successfully acquired the global leader, Wilbert Germany, in the form of a mobile armar mechanism, which further enhanced the technological power and product competitiveness of the CFK. In October 2019, the UCK launched the world’s largest tonnage of crawling armars, which are now at a new height in the field of technology in the global towers.
The rapid development of the building, the market's demand for high-end heavy towers will remain strong, small producers with poor technological capabilities will be squeezed, the tower market is expected to concentrate further towards industry leaders, and the company-to-market ratio is expected to continue to measure the market demand for the main products of 6.1.
6.1.1 The volume of concrete mechanical sales is calculated by measuring the additional market demand for concrete machinery based on the rate of increase in real estate and capital investment. The replacement and export volumes are projected at the same time.
7 per cent/7 per cent/6.4 per cent: assuming a change in the stock of concrete pumps, a change in the stock of concrete pumps and an increase in investment in real estate (non-assembly), assuming a life expectancy of 10 years for concrete mixers and pumps, 9 years for concrete pumps, 12 years for concrete blending stations, 70 per cent for equipment replaced after life and 30 per cent for equipment replaced next year; and,
Assuming that the road overload has led to an increase in the need for the replacement of the mixer vehicle in 2019-2020. According to our estimates, the concrete machinery market in 2019/2021 was 583,718,677 million yuan, compared to the new demand for the car crane and the tower crane, respectively, based on the growth of our capital and real estate investments.
Measurements are made, together with projections of replacement and export volumes. With respect to additional requirements, it is assumed that annual vehicle crane sales will increase by 42 per cent/0 per cent/-29 per cent, respectively, and towers by 137 per cent/30 per cent/ 22 per cent, respectively.
With a gradual upswing, the tower market is expected to grow at a faster rate than the sales increase.
The annual growth rate of business income from the company’s heavy-lifting units is 63 per cent, 21 per cent, and 8 per cent, respectively. With the increase in sales of large towers, 2. Concrete machinery: the company is one of the vanguards of concrete machinery, and the company’s market is dominated by the industry’s strong and constant pattern 4. Other machinery and products: high-altitude platforms and excavators are the business plates of the company’s new layout and are in the process of completing production.
It is expected that, driven by high-altitude platforms and the digging of mechanical plates, the company will choose the three best engineers for engineering, Xu, Willow and the company for valuation purposes.
The average pb for the three companies was 1.89/1. 58/1.35, which is significantly higher than the valuation level of the Section, which has a relatively clear security margin. On the other hand, the Unit is listed as a+h share company, with a premium of only 1.11 for the THCa/h share as of 2019/2/20, which is the first time covered.
Real estate, capital investment have increased at a slower rate than expected; assembly construction has expanded at less than expected risk; engineering machinery has been upgraded at less than expected risk; market competition has increased risk; and raw material price price volatility risks.