Multiple class ladders are working, strong capital is heating up again — the Central United Weight Section (000157) depth reports multiple class ladders are working again — and strong capital is warming again.
The company is one of the leading companies in the field of engineering and machinery in the country.
3.70 pct; 32.10% of the operating income is contributed by concrete machinery, which achieves business income of 13.901 billion yuan, or 10.82% of the year when the Central and Heavy Sections are relatively deep at 300%.
New products, such as machinery, continue to thrive, and the power infrastructure is warming again, and the demand for engineering and machinery continues. The downward pressure on our economy as a result of the epidemic has highlighted that the government has intensified countercyclical regulation, and capital investment is warming again. We expect more than $3 trillion in additional earmarked debt this year, while earmarked debt will be used for that purpose.
This year, as of 20 March, the total amount of specific debt issued by the various regions was $102.3 billion, representing 79 per cent of the total amount of additional debt issued in advance, mainly for infrastructure development such as railways, rail transport, eco-environment, agroforestry, municipal and industrial parks, etc. We believe that the national economic stimulus policy will be accompanied by major infrastructure projects in areas such as eco-environment, agroforestry, water, and municipal and industrial parks.
As the demand for engineering machinery continues, the year-round sales of excavators are expected to be at the same level as last year, while the company's main data (2019.3.30) for automobile cranes and condensers continue to be valid, with industry fluctuations expected to smooth.
We estimate that the need for vehicle crane upgrades in 2020/2011 will reach 31392/35442, against the background of the fact that the current logic of the renewal cycle of the engineering and machinery market continues to be valid and the overall industry is expected to be more smoother.
Since 2015, the State and the provinces and municipalities have adopted a number of policies to promote the development of assembly buildings, which will account for more than 15 per cent of new buildings by 2020.
In recent years, we have continued to increase the penetration rate of assembly buildings, driving the medium-sized tower cranes, cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City.
The company towers are leading the world, with a 100% increase in sales of 10 billion dollars in 2019 on schedule, and we expect the company towers to continue to grow at a very high rate as the company's smart plant is operational in phase one and the construction of phase two begins. With regard to high-altitude platforms, the company's products are moving well and have become the owner of domestic high-altitude platforms.
On November 16, 2019, the company issued a public announcement on the participation of Nuclear Personnel in the Holdings Scheme. The stockholdings were unlocked for three years, with companies belonging in 2017, 2018, and 2019.
Arithmetic average of the net profits of the shareholders of the parent company, based on three years of net profits in 2020, 2021 and 2022 Risk factors: the epidemic disrupts the pace of resumption of work and increased competition in the industry, with a number of dynamic engineering machines leading brands, respectively
The company is one of the leading companies in the field of engineering machinery in the country, and the main operations include engineering machinery and agricultural machinery. Engineering machinery consists of concrete machinery, crane machinery, earthwork machinery, pillar machinery, high-altitude machinery, fire-fighting machinery, road-building equipment and forklifts, etc., mainly for infrastructure and real estate construction; Agricultural machinery includes farming machinery, harvesting machinery, drying machinery, agricultural machinery, etc., providing breeding, land preparation, seeding, field management, harvesting, drying, etc. for agricultural production.
Production-wide services, such as storage.
The company has the second largest share of concrete machinery and crane machinery. The construction of cranes, represented by towers, has become the world's number one on sales; the highest number of vehicles sold in engineering cranes, the company and Xu's machinery, and the Trinity Worker, “3 out of 3”.
Cr.3 reached 91% in 2018, with companies accounting for 23.17% in 2018, market share rising by more than 6 pct in 2019, and market competitive edges increased further Xu Engineering Mechanics - Central and Central Iqo - and other new products representing high-altitude platforms and earth-based operations are ready for release. The company ' s high-altitude platform is progressing well, and the high-altitude platform has achieved a high-altitude arm-based smart line of production.
The goal is to become the first class of firms in the high-altitude platform; the world’s largest Quetta-based smart plant is steadily producing, and company towering operations are expected to rise again. The earth’s machinery has hit the market hard, completing the layout of the country’s provincial distribution services network, launching new products ze60e-10, ze75e-10, with its fuel consumption, efficiency advantages, and the prospect of becoming a strong growth point in the company’s future.
Figure 6: Excavator sales The industry has been on the move, with high performances, and the engineering and machinery industry has been on the rise since 2017. The engineering industry has been closely associated with macroeconomic and fixed asset investment, infrastructure investment, real estate investment.
The previous cycle was dominated by the “4 trillion” stimulus, with engineering machinery peaking in 2011 and falling year after year and rising again in 2017. The engineering and machinery industry is now driven by multiple benefits, such as capital demand pull, environmental upgrading, equipment upgrading, and artificial substitution effects.
The company's business situation is largely in line with the industry cycle and is now in the middle of a new upturn. The highs in the previous cycle of operating income were realized in 2012, then declined year after year, and picked up again in 2017. In 2019, the company achieved business income of $4.330 billion, representing an increase of 50.92 per cent, and the net return profit of $4.373 billion, representing an increase of 116.42 per cent. The company's Māori rate and net interest rate changes were also largely combined with the performance of the cycle, with a Māori rate of $30.00 per cent in 2019, an increase of 2.92 pt over the same period; the net interest rate was 2.92 pt.
Figure 10: Corporate Mäori Rates and Net Interest Rate Increases Figure 11: Corporate Roe continuously improves management costs rigidly and R&D costs significantly increase competitiveness of products. As the size of the collection expands, corporate marketing and management costs generally drop down, especially in regulation.
The cost-resilient feature is more marked and the management cost rate has been declining continuously; companies invested more in new product categories in 2019 and sales cost slightly increased; it is worth noting that the R & D cost rate of companies has increased significantly since 2018, with R & D costs increasing by more than 160 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2019, mainly for new products of companies, providing a strong guarantee for the continued competitiveness of the company ' s products. In 2019, the cost of company sales was 8.73 per cent, an increase of 0.44 pct on a year-on-year basis; and the management cost was 3.74 per cent, the same rate.
Performance growth drives continued improvement in cash flows. Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2019 amounted to $6,219 million, an increase of 22.81 per cent over the previous year, maintaining the upward trend of recent years; the total asset turnover rate of companies recovered from 2017 to 0.47 in 2019, stabilizing to good, reflecting improvements in the performance of companies as a result of industry warming; and, at the same time, the quality of corporate collections was healthier than it had been at 100 per cent.
Figure 17: Net cash flow from operating activities Reheating capital and continuing demand for engineering machinery due to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, our economy has been hit since the end of January. Pmi dropped to 35.7 in February, the lowest level ever recorded, national fixed assets.
Investments in real estate development fell by 24.5 per cent in January-February, 16.3 per cent in January-February, infrastructure investment (excluding electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply), housing investment is expected to remain stable, capital investment is expected to become a smoother of economic volatility, and strong capital is expected to warm again. In 2019, our real estate investment remained stable at a high level while a slow downward trend was observed, and the impact of the epidemic is expected to be stable in the context of the “household-free” scenario.
Figure 22: Pre-epidemiological new real estate areas showing resilience Billion, $1350 billion, $2150 billion, year-by-year rapid growth, incremental pull-in effect on capital investment, 10 June 2019. Circular issued by the Central Office of the Secretary-General on good local government bond issues and project matching finance, allowing special bonds to be used as eligible capital for major projects; 2019
On 27 November, the State Council Circular on Strengthening Capital Management for Fixed Assets Investment Projects, which adjusted the minimum capital ratio for port, coastal and inland river shipping projects from 25 per cent to 20 per cent; and on 20 March 2020, the Economic Report for the 21st Century reported that the regulatory authorities had recently issued a request that debt should not be used for real estate-related areas such as land reserves, sheds and other property-related areas for the entire 2020 year, and that the issuance of additional special-purpose debt would be more biased towards capital investment.
Local debt issuance has accelerated and intensified, with $1.29 trillion in earmarked debt in 2020 to date, 60 per cent of the 2019 limit. On 27 November 2019, the Ministry of Finance recently advanced a part of the 2020 special debt ceiling of $1 trillion, representing 47 per cent of the $2.15 trillion additional special debt limit for the year 2019, an increase of $190 billion from the $810 billion issued in 2018. On 11 February 2020, the Ministry of Finance issued another part of the 2020 special debt.
In 2019, the special-purpose debt limit was $2.15 trillion, and the two tranches of the fiscal portion issued pre-enacted debt totalling $1.29 trillion, up to 60%. At the same time, the Ministry of Finance has requested that the specific bond line be translated into specific projects as soon as possible, that it be issued early, that it be used early in 2020, and that it be used as a guarantee that it will be effective in order to ensure that in-kind workloads will be created and that it will be effective for the economy as soon as possible.
Figure 23: Major policy adjustments related to special-purpose debt. On 10 June 2019, the Office of the Central Chinese Government issued a circular on the completion of local government special-purpose bond issues and the financing of project packages, allowing special-purpose bonds to be used as eligible capital funds for major projects.
On 27 November 2019, the State Council issued a circular on strengthening the management of capital funds for fixed-asset investment projects, which adjusted the minimum capital ratio for port, coastal and inland river shipping projects from 25 per cent to 20 per cent, for airport projects from 25 per cent to 20 per cent and for other infrastructure projects from 20 per cent.
On 20 March 2020, the “Economic Report 21” reported that the regulatory authorities had recently issued a request to make it clear that the total year 2020 debt should not be used for land reserves.
On the basis of seven major areas, such as cold-chain logistics facilities, municipal and industrial park infrastructure, additional emergency medical facilities, public health facilities, and old towns and cities, special debt payments have been actively implemented in the provinces. The figures show that, as of 20 March, special debt has been issued in all regions at a total of 103.3 billion yuan, or 100 billion yuan, or 79 per cent of the total amount of additional debt issued in advance, all for the construction of transport facilities such as railways, rail and rail transport, as well as for eco-environmental protection, agro-forestry, municipal and industrial parks.
As one of the most important downstream areas of the engineering and machinery industry, the increase in capital investment will help to drive the overall demand for engineering and machinery equipment, and the company, as the lead company in engineering and machinery, is expected to benefit from the recovery of the capital cycle.
Figure 25: Capital and real estate investments boosted the growth of engineering machinery Stock upgrades, industry fluctuations smoothed down Order orders for engineering machinery can be divided into incremental and stock upgrading markets, depending on the purchase motive, which are mainly produced as a result of the achievement of the original machine ' s useful life or environmental requirements
In general, the lifetime of engineering machinery is 8-10 years, and the peak sales of the last round are around 2011, so it can be concluded that, under natural conditions, the last round of sales of engineering machinery will reach a peak phase of phase-out and upgrading around 2019-2021. The upgrading of environmental requirements will further accelerate the process of upgrading engineering machinery.
On February 20, 20, 20, 2019, the Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment issued a request for a revised version of the Act on Emission Limitations and Measurements of Emissions of Diesel Air Pollutants for Non-Road Mobile Machinery (phases III and IV of China) (gb 20891-2014), which specifies that the country ' s fourth standard will be implemented from 1 December 2020, and that a new wave of rotations will come as a result of the tightening of the survey and the registration of non-road mobile machinery mapping and codes. According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanic Industries, it is currently in operation.
The last round of car crane sales peaked in 2010 and 2011, from the point of view of the equipment’s life cycle. Concrete pumpers are also generally about 10 years old, and on the basis of the above calculations, we have a need for concrete pump upgrades for 2020-2022.
The construction of the assembly building continues to be driven by the demand for medium-sized and large towers The penetration of the assembly building continues to increase with policy support The construction of the assembly building, which involves the complete production of some or all of the building elements in the building prefabricated plant and the delivery of the building through the appropriate mode of transport
The main features of the work site are the standardization of construction, the industrialization of the production of prefabricated components, the specialization of construction installations, the integration of the building structure and the scientificization of the management of the carrier, which can help to save human capital, reduce the duration of the work, ensure quality, save materials, etc.
In November 2015, the Ministry of Housing and Construction launched the Outline for the Modernization of the Construction Industry, which states that by 2020, the proportion of new buildings will be more than 20%, and by 2025, the proportion of new buildings will be more than 50%.
The Ministry of Housing, Urban and Rural Development issued a one-time publication of the “13th Five-Five-Five-Five” Building Action Programme, the Model Urban Management Scheme for Annexed Buildings, and the Model Management Scheme for Annexed Building Industry Bases. By 2020, the proportion of new buildings built in the country will be more than 15 per cent, with a focus on more than 20 per cent of the regions, and more than 15 per cent of the regions that are highly advanced, encouraging the promotion of more than 10 per cent of the regions.
The rate of penetration of domestic assembly buildings has continued to rise, and policies have been introduced in the provinces. In 2018, the number of new constructions in the country reached 2.09 billion square metres, including 290 million square metres, or 13 per cent, and there is still much room for penetration. However, the rate of penetration of assembly buildings varies considerably from one part of the country to another, compared to more than 70 per cent of new construction in the Shanghai area, while the development of assembly buildings in the Hubei, Hebei, Fujian, etc. is lagging behind.
In the western part of the world, assembly buildings have been developing slowly, while in some of the recent western provinces they have been integrated into policy priorities. Overall, the construction of assembly buildings in Shanghai, Zhejiang, Beijing, etc., has been growing faster in recent years, while the construction of assembly buildings in the central west and the northeast has been developing more slowly.
In terms of advantages in terms of environmental protection, duration, labour costs, we believe that the increase in the penetration rate of the assembly building is due to the fact that the company is the leader of the tower and fully benefits from the development of the assembly building.
According to IAEM data, the growth of the towers is due mainly to large tonnages, equivalent to an additional market, and will benefit mainly from the pull of assembly buildings, which will remain three to five years of global leadership. China’s first tower will benefit fully from the development of assembly buildings.
In January 2019, the company became fully operational in the first phase of the Quetta Machine Smart Plant, and the market grew. In 2019, the company was on track to meet its $10 billion sales target, a 100% increase over the same period, and the combined Māori and Māori rates increased rapidly, with a significant increase in profitability while achieving scale growth. In the future, with market pcization rates advancing, environmental requirements driving product upgrading, and market concentration.
We make a simple estimate of future domestic market demand. Based on two assumptions: (1) by 2025, the number of new assembly buildings in the country reached 700 million square metres, or 30%; and (2) by reference to a number of actual projects, we assume that single tower machines cover 10,000 square metres of building capacity per year.
In practice, however, since pc towers are mainly leased, with a rental rate of less than 100%, the construction period tends to be higher than we forecast because some objective reasons are not optimal and the towers are somewhat regional. According to our calculations, by 2021, the number of pc towers for assembly construction will reach 52,000, and we believe that the actual market demand will exceed 57,000.
Figure 32: Driver-driven measurement of tower requirements in assembly buildings over the next five years
The combined ceiling on the number of shares in the account and in the company held was 390.449.924 shares, or 4.96% of the company ' s total stock as at 30 September 2019 (7.867.313.670 shares). After approval by the Shareholders ' Assembly, the shareholding plan acquired the company ' s shares through non-trading and held a price of 2.75 yuan/equity, not less than 50% of the average value of the company ' s repurchase (5.49/equity).
Equity schemes contribute to the long-term incentives and constraints of the corporate core business management team to ensure the company’s long-term business objectives. The corporate core management team’s remuneration as a whole, with a more single shareholding structure, serves as an innovative and long-lasting mechanism to promote and facilitate the stability and cohesion of the corporate core business management team, to build a business community based on firm and core team interests, to promote corporate transformation and upgrading, to enhance company long-term value and to ensure that companies are successful in the context of industry recovery.
Sets conditions for the performance appraisal of companies to show confidence in development. Staff shareholdings are unlocked for three years on the basis of the average arithmetic value of the company's net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in 2017, 2018 and 2019 (the “net profit” is the same) (the “base figure” is the same) as the three years of 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.
Table 4: Conditions for assessment of employee stock-holding companies Profiling, Valuation and Investment Rating The industry of engineering and machinery has shown a high profile in recent years, competition for market shares has increased in intra-industry firms, price wars, etc., and companies face certain competitive pressures
Greater competition could have a negative impact on the company’s development. The intensity of the overseas epidemic affected the pace of resumption of work.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CSS, and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.