The event: The company recently published its 2019 annual report, which generated 72,620 million yuan in operating income.
q4 showed a remarkable performance, with a significant increase in the profitability of the incremental reduction. Net profits earned by mothers increased by 50.45 per cent throughout the year, a significant increase of 21.26 percentage points compared to the same period last year, compared with the previous three seasons.
1.74 percentage points. In 2019, the cost rate was properly controlled, sold, managed, financially, and research and development fees.
Alloy steel sales increased by 8 per cent, 84 per cent, 21 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively. 3) Measures such as increased yield, process, process, purchase and logistics, reduced costs and increased profit margins were implemented.
The M & A success is highlighted by the synergy. The company completed a 100% equity acquisition in 2019 of the steel sculpting steel, Zhejiang steel tubes, which was expanded from a single product to alloy steel rods, special medium-heavy plates, special seamless steel tubes, special smelting, alloy steel wires, alloy steel tubes, "six"
The product group, the industrial chain, has been further extended and has now become the most diverse type of steel in the world, unlike steel, which has different downstream applications and is strongly supported by the state. Although we produce 990 million tons of steel, we have a low share of high-end steel, especially high-end steel.
Special end smelting still needs to be imported every year. See our recent in-depth report, "We're standing at the beginning of a high-steed flight."
In 2019, the company was awarded the National Science and Technology Progress Award for the development and application of key technologies for the remelting of green and efficient slags, and in 2019 it took up three national “13th Five” priority research and development projects. It received the Chinese Metallurgical Science and Technology 2nd and 3rd prizes: it hosted the revision of 5 countries.
Or industry standards, participating in the revision of seven national or industry standards; granted 154 patents, cumulatively 791, of which 167 were inventions and one authorized international invention. Large tonnage engineering machinery developed by companies uses super-high steel plates, marine engineering uses low-temperature structures.
Steel plates, marine engineering and high-performance ships use special steel plates, large-volume pipelines to sew the arc welding tubes straight from thick walls, and large-ton-driven cranes are included in the National Industry and Information Department ' s publication of the Directory of Model Guidance for the First Application of New Highlights (2019 edition).
In 2019, the Corporate Profit Distribution Program distributed $10 per 10 shares in cash, increasing the capital pool by 7 shares to every 10 shares of all shareholders. The company’s good-for-profit sharing will further increase the value of its investments.
Medium- and high-end steel companies are undervalued, and the valuation is expected to increase further. As the country moves into high-quality development, demand for high-end manufacture expands, and there is wide scope for medium- and high-end steel development.
High-end steel is in rapid development and should enjoy a price premium, which is currently estimated to be only 15.4 times higher and still at the bottom of the special steel valuation. It is not possible to mix the new material with the general steel, because it requires more of the upper-middle-end growth properties, and the future of the special steel.
Good development prospects, companies are expected to make further valuations as the world's leading middle- and high-end steel industry.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report