The company published its annual report for 2019, and in 2019 it achieved 72.620 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 0.60 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in the parent company, $5.386 billion, an increase of 50.45 per cent in the same year; and realization of foundations.
With a revenue of $1.81 per share, it is proposed to find a gold dividend of $10 (including taxes) per 10 shares to achieve a steady growth in performance against the background of a return in the capital pool to the industry as a whole, with a strong corporate resilience. In 2019, the steel industry was affected by a combination of environmental easing, a large increase in supply and a boom in iron ore prices.
There has been a significant decline in profits, but the company has achieved robust growth throughout the year in this context, showing greater resistance to the cycle. We believe that the company’s profitability has been better or has largely benefited from three factors: first, the company’s prior acquisition of assets has been synergistic, business has been more effective, and sales of steel have been made during the reporting period.
The target was a historic breakthrough of 6 million tons, an innovation in iron and steel production in Qingjia, a steady increase in income from the Yangtze steel industry and the sale of steel pipes; and second, in the face of rising production costs, companies managed the volume and inventory of resources through a complete procurement strategy that strongly reduced the cost of purchasing and reduced the cost of consumption.
Third, corporate product sets are complete, super-steel products value-added, client groups, product demand is XE and the volatility of the single industry climate has a relatively stable impact on the overall profitability of the product.
At the industry level, short-term NATE steel demand has grown relatively slowly due to lower downstream sales of vehicles, engineering, etc., but in the medium to long term, along with the rapid growth of high-end manufacturing such as military, nuclear power, railway transport equipment, etc.
Space. At the corporate level, the short-term Qingdao Tetsu high-speed high-tech steel line project, the company-backed and restructured Tae Fu seamless steel pipeline, and the improved capacity utilization of the Qingjiangte steel industry will all increase the public performance with certainty. In the medium to long term, the company, as the leading industry in the special steel industry, is expected to benefit fully from national production substitution.
High-end steel demand from the upgrading of the manufacturing sector is expected to grow steadily.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
Act No. 17 of the China Sea International Centre B, which uses legally compliant information, provides this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.