Middle-Sea Energy (600026) Transports are recovering strongly, showing confidence in development, and South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The Middle and Far Sea is able to issue a performance forecast for 2022, which is expected to reverse the net profits of the company. The offshore subsidiaries are expected to redevelop, and the company is expected to develop confidence. Depending on the assets of the subsidiary, the retention earnings and the recovery of the oil and transport market, the company intends to adjust the overseas subsidiaries' allocation arrangements, in accordance with the accounting standards.
In the context of the Russian-Turkish conflict, structural changes in the global oil trade pattern have led to a significant increase in the distance of tankers, according to the information provided.
Clarksons estimate that Russia's transport distance to Europe is 1.4 thousand nautical miles, while West Africa, the United States, the Middle East and Europe are 4.5, 5.1, 6.5 thousand nautical miles respectively. The release of strategic oil reserves in the United States has been effective in stimulating market transport demand, and the vlcc-td3c route tce has been recovering since the third quarter, and it's going up in the fourth quarter.
US$ 61,364 per day, a significant increase of 34.06 per cent over the same period, effective capture of market opportunities by companies, four-quarters performance, a significant increase in the net return to mothers of US$ 1,299-1590 million (after elimination of deferred income tax charges) in a single quarter. • China’s recovery in demand for oil consumption is expected to boost the oil transport market. The change in our crude oil consumption is a global oil shipment.
An important influence on the market, with our oil consumption accounting for 16.9 per cent in 2021 and control of the targeted overseas epidemic, has gradually eased and demand for oil has recovered. The recovery in our demand for crude oil consumption is expected to further boost the low-ordering of the Marine Quality vlcc and the implementation of environmental policies to further tighten effective capacity.
The low willingness of shipowners to build ships is made possible by this and by uncertain fuel technology, which, according to the data from clarksons, currently stands at 2.9 per cent on hand orders. The forecast for 2023 is to slow down to 4.3 per cent the speed of movement in the new imo eexi and cii regulations, which were formally implemented on 1 January 2023, and which further tightens effective capacity.
The accelerated dismantling of partially environmentally unsound ships also reduces the supply of ships.
2. Medium- and Far-Sea Energy (600026): Intra-Trade Operations Guarantee Division is adept at taking advantage of market opportunities, flexible operations are expected to benefit from the cycle of the foreign trade oil market, company benefits are expected, and foreign trade oil transport provides elastic performance
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.