Increased electrolytic aluminium volume, significant improvement in performance Events: 3-quarter report 2023 issued by the company and business income achieved by the company in the first 3 quarters of 2023 \triangleright
Aluminium production in China (60160.sh) Aluminium electrolytic aluminium at a very high price and higher profitability: volume: in the first three quarters of 2023, companies produced a total of 96.9 million tons of carbon, an increase of 19.19 per cent over the same period. q3 produces 4.23 million tons of aluminium oxide, a ring comparison.
The price: The average price of aluminium in the Yangtze River for the first three quarters was 18611 yuan per ton, a decrease of 8.4 per cent; the average price of aluminium in the q3 Yangtze was 18832 yuan per ton, an increase of 2.4 per cent in the same year and 1.67 per cent in the ring.
In the first three quarters of the year, the average price of the precipitous anode was 5604.9 yuan per ton, a decrease of 20.3 per cent in the same year; the q3 prepreg/kwh (ring ratio - 0.112 yuan/kwh). Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Gansu and Qinghai average self-contained electricity prices decreased by 0.026 yuan/kwh, reflected at the cost end, a decrease of 351 yuan/tonne in raw materials.
The priority projects were accelerated and the advantages of industrial chain integration became apparent: 1 million tonnes/year electrolysis aluminum idle output indicators were transferred to Qinghai, a subsidiary of the company; Inner Mongolia, China.
The construction of 3 issues of 420,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium is under way; and the conversion of the Chinese materials cell is nearing its end. We expect that, with a total production capacity of 620,000 tons per year of electrolytic aluminium production, the company ' s electrolytic aluminum plate will continue to benefit from the increase in production capacity when there is little increase in industrial capacity.
The company continues to accelerate access to domestic and foreign resources, adding 21 million tons of bauxite to the country in the first half of the year. In addition, the 2-tonne Aluminium Oxide project in Guangxihua, Silver Star, the 250mw Photovolt project in Ningdong, grid-connected electricity generation, and the 91.8mw windmill renovation project in Herland Hill, were successfully advanced.
With the resumption of construction work and the start of construction of five distributed photovoltaic power projects, such as Middle Aluminum Dong and Mid-Sanxi Yu, we believe that once the above projects are fully operational, the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration continue to emerge, and the share of electrolytic aluminium green power is expected to rise further.
Risk factors: Unexpected demand for electrolytic aluminium and limited production capacity of Yunnan electrolytic aluminium.
In 2023, he became a member of the Sindash securities. He was second in the 20th edition of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials (core members), third in the 19th edition of the New Wealth Metals and New Materials (core members), and second in the 16th Crystalball Award for Nonferrous Metals.
Rainbow, George Washington University, Master of Finance, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for basic metal research. White Violet, Master of Regional Economics, Gilling University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for rare metals and new materials components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.