The Māori rate has continued to rise, and the terminal rehabilitation facility issued a performance report for the first quarter of 2024. 2401 companies achieved $18.807 billion, or 9.45 per cent of the year; net profit on maternity was $2,306 million, or +0.25 per cent of the year; net profit on non-mortality was deducted, or 2,299 million.
The 24o1 company achieved $18.807 billion, or $1.8 billion, or +0.15 per cent. We expect that the fall in the harvest will be caused mainly by duty-free sales off the island, and that the shops will benefit from a return to the flow of passengers as compared to the expected increase.
The Māori rate has risen steadily, and the airport has reduced rent improvement costs. Thanks to the excellence of the commodity structure and membership system, and the continued narrowness of discounts, the company ' s Māori ratio has gradually increased, with a Māori rate of 33.31% for 24q1 compared to +4.31pt, the ring ratio of 1.27pt.
Off-island tax exemption: short-term sales are relatively flat and construction of new projects is progressing steadily.
The volume of sub-purchases, with the impact of last year's high base plus consumption not yet fully restored, has increased sales and officially opened the Global Make-up Plaza in the Asia-Asia Free City c area; and the second phase of upgrading the tax-free city has been upgraded to achieve a total market value (in millions of yuan)
More than 30 international high-end brands have been opened, iv. dior. Three phases have been completed with construction programme design and a three-month average daily turnover (million yuan) and the Hainan area has been further expanded by tax-free supply.
The company signed supplementary agreements with China Tourist Group Limited, both at the airport and at Shanghai airport, to ease the pressure on the company’s rent costs and to increase the company’s rent.
In March 24, the flow of passengers across the Shanghai/Capital Airport has been restored to the 19-year standard of 82/50 per cent of the market price on 23 April 2024, and with the continuous repair of cross-border passenger flows, the number of duty-free sales at the port can increase.
Short-term recommendations focus on the rapid recovery of sales through port channels and the increase in profits from rent reduction: medium- and long-term, still look to companies as champions of improved layout of the channels, and suggest that attention be paid to the new intra-city tax-exempt China Free China 20231027
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for securities investment consultancy business Merchant and retail: tourism retail
Increased competition in the market, inadequate repair of international passenger flows and a recovery in consumer readiness.