China Central Free (601888) Merchant Retailing Performance meets expectations and is expected to benefit from a recovery in passenger flows and consumption in 24 years
Tax-exempt operations recovered significantly, with a marked increase in the cost of sales. In 2023, the company ' s tax-exempt sale of goods increased the cost of leasing, resulting in a 14.0 per cent increase in the cost of company sales, compared with the increase of 6.5 percentage points, owing to a significant increase in corporate exchange gains and interest income.
• The current trend in tourism consumption is high, and high tourism markets are expected to lead to tax-free consumer growth. On the basis of percentage points, China Tourism Institute projects an increase of 24.9% and 21.0% in domestic tourism revenues in 2024.
At the end of the product, 2023, the company ' s Hainan region added 177 brands, both domestic and foreign, focusing on the global limit, the global start-up, and the market ' s competitiveness.
In the regional layout, the tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport is now operating in the second phase, covering a wide range of items such as wristwatch jewellery, perfume, electronics, etc.; the tax-free city of San Asia International II; the upgrading of Yunking Island; lv, dior and other luxury brands; and the tax-free city of San Asia International II.
Some of them are already operating, and follow-up projects for the hotel sector, the tax-free city phase III, and the Seagate International Free City are being carried out in an orderly manner. As the domestic tourism market continues to warm, the company’s gradual deployment in Hainan will be conducive to a sustained increase in its attractiveness.
The company signed a supplementary agreement with the capital airport, Shanghai airport, and successfully won Dalian, Tianjin airport tax-free shop, Chengdu, Shanghai, Harbin, etc.
The airport has the right to operate tax-free projects and further enhances the competitiveness of the airport's duty-free business market; at the level of overseas outreachers, waiting for the release of new projects increment (2023-11-03), companies are deeply involved in industrial activities such as the tfwa Asia Pacific Fair, and the layout of the airports in Cambodia and Singapore
With a sustained recovery in consumption, a steady growth in performance and a “holding” rating is expected. Assumption 1: With a sustained recovery in the Hainan tourism market, it is expected that the number of stayovers in Sanya will increase at a rate of 2024-2026.
Assumption 2: The Hainan Government is expected to maintain the current counter-purchase strength and the subsequent customer entry and transformation rates remain stable.