Revenue profits are higher than expected, and attention is paid to the year-round tax-exempt elasticity of ports
For 32.70 per cent/yoy+3.95 pcts, the ring raises about 1 pcts and the company's profitability has risen steadily, and we consider it to be linked to or related to the decline in the optimum procurement cost of the renminbi exchange rate, the increase in the cost of purchases by the renminbi exchange rate exchange rate during the same period last year, which has put on pressure the Māori rate, and the further expansion of tax-exempt operations by 24q1 with entry and exit
Recovering, the share of business under the line of the company has been rising, the structure of commodity sales has continued to optimize, further raising the gross interest rate of the company; the operating profit rate of the company has been 15.47 per cent/oy+0.29 pcts, with an increase of less than the Māori rate or Liu Wenzheng
In 2023, the company plans to find a gold dividend per share.
In 2023, the company and \triangleright were able to expand their resources.
The signing of supplementary agreements at the capital airport and Shanghai airport, which are conducive to making full use of the advantages of the two sides in order to achieve a win-win cooperation and to improve the competitiveness of the airport's duty-free business market; the company's success in winning tax-free entry and exit at Tianjin Beach International Airport; the shop project; and the Dalian Zhou Shuizi International Airport, Yunnan Tianbao Crossing, Yunnan Siri Crossing, Yunnan Rie Crossing.
1. China ' s annual report for 2023 (60188.sh) contains an assessment of the right of China to operate tax-free businesses such as Rainbow Bridge International Airport, and further consolidates the company ' s canals at the country ' s medium and large airports and ports.
On the inside of the city, companies are closely following the developments in the city’s shop policy, actively promoting research, site selection, location, planning, etc., and continue to prepare for the opening of new shops in the city.
2. China ' s performance rating (60188.sh) was quick: the company successfully acquired and opened the duty-free shop at Siem Reap National Airport in Cambodia, and won the right to operate the nectar concierge shop at the Singapore airport.
China's third-quarter newspaper point of 2023, “Eda Mordu” and “Medan” cruise free shop, has continued to improve the q3 Māori ring ratio, and stocks have gradually been optimized.
Investment proposals: The new rental agreement is expected to reduce the company ' s airport rental costs, the flow rehabilitation of incoming and outgoing passengers is expected to carry -2023/10/27 tax-free revenue from port operations, and we believe that the follow-up of tax-free operations at the company ' s ports will contribute to elasticity;
In addition, the company is under the control of the State Finance Committee of the State Council, which evaluates that the Māori Ring has improved and looks forward to an improvement in performance in the second half of the year-2 and that the company’s future market value performance will be linked to that of the head of the company in the long term and that the benefits of the operation are expected to be raised.
Report quickly: q2 net profit from mother-on-year gain by 13.75 per cent, \triangleright methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.