Performance meets expectations, profitability improves inventory optimization, corporate net return profits increase on a year-on-year basis, exchange rate fluctuations are well controlled and the return of entry/exit operations improves profitability on a year-on-year basis.
The \triangleright rate was optimized and the cost of procurement was reduced in relation to the increase in Māori rates during the same period last year due to the increase in the RMB exchange rate fluctuations, and 24q1 was on the line with the resumption of duty-free operations in and out of the country.
The business share has been rising, commodity marketing structures have continued to optimize, further increasing the company ' s Māori ratio; at the cost end, 24q1 company sales/management/financial rates have been 12.84 per 2.53 per cent/-0.66 per cent, compared to Liu Wenzheng, respectively
A further recovery of rent-led rent increases during the same period is associated with a 5.6 pcts reduction in the income tax rate for 24q1 companies over the same period, an overall improvement in the stock ring and a steady increase in cash. 24q1 companies have a 36.4 billion yuan/ring raise in monetary capital \triangleright
In 2023, the company signed supplementary agreements with the capital airport and Shanghai airport to make full use of the advantages of the two sides to achieve a win-win partnership.
Step-by-step enhancement of the competitiveness of the airport duty-free business market; company success in winning tax-free entry and exit at Tianjin Beach International Airport, shop project and exit-free shop project at Dalian Zhou Shuzi International Airport, Yunnan Tianbao Crossing, Yunnan Riari Crossing, Yunnan Riang Crossing, and acquiring the right to operate at Chengdu Double Stream International Airport, Shanghai Pudong International Airport, Shanghai
1. China’s Central China Free (60188.sh) 24q1 performance report points have advantages. With regard to internal channels, the company is closely following the developments in the city’s internal shop policy and is actively promoting research and research in the city’s internal stores.
Assessment: Revenue profits are higher than expected, attention is paid to the year-round duty-free elasticity of ports, location, location, planning, etc., and preparation for the opening of new stores in the city continues.
2. China reported for year 2023 that the international airport tax-free shop was operated and opened, and that the successful bid for the concession of tax-exempt business rights at the Singapore airport was won.
The airport rent reduction is optimized, with a significant increase in the red rate of return to shareholders - 2024/03/28 - opening of the “Edda Mordu” and “Med” cruises.
3. China ' s Central China Free (60188.sh) Performance Rapid Review: Industry Investment Recommendations: New Rent Agreements are expected to reduce the company ' s airport rental costs, Renovation of incoming and outgoing passenger flows is expected to carry tax-free revenue from ports, and we believe that the follow-up of tax-exempt operations at the company ' s ports will contribute to elasticity under increased and reduced fees;
In addition, the company is controlled by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, which is part of the company's long-term vision that the company's future market value performance will be linked to that of the head of the company, and that the efficiency of the operation is expected to be improved.
Comment: The Māori Ring has improved and looks forward to the next half of the year ' s performance improvement - 2 \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leading to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.