The Māori rate has been effectively raised by the same ratio of net profit on the high base for the first quarter of 2024. The Māori rate has been increased by the same ratio of net profit on the first quarter of 2024.
The Division achieved 18,807 million yuan/-9.45 per cent; achieved a net profit of 2,306 million yuan/+0.25 per cent from the return to the mother; and, on the basis of income analysis: Hainan ' s projected high tax-exempt base was under pressure and airport exit tax-free income increased on a year-on-year basis. 2024q1 Hainan market total tax-exempt sales of $12,764 million/-24.50 per cent, estimated unit prices and shoppers
Next - 21 per cent/-5 per cent, with a marked drag on the unit price (highest base, with subsequent gradual pressure from factors such as the consumer environment and the fragrance cycle). On this basis, we expect that the company ' s tax-exempt income from Hainan will also increase by 4 pct in the same quarter, sales rates and financial rates will increase and effective tax rates will improve.
Changes in product structure, higher Māori sales of offline products (including airport tax exemption) increased, 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices for refined products reduced on-call stocks through optimized inventory management, contributing to improved Māori ratios.
As a result of the recovery, airport rents have also risen over q1 last year, resulting in sales rates + 2.98 pct; financial costs + 0.83 pct (2023q1 exchange gains/losses, etc.). Moreover, effective tax rates have been reduced in the first quarter of this year, corresponding to both solar and sea exemptions, so their maternal performance has increased at a much faster rate than total profit (the total profit has decreased by about 8 per cent).
While the progressive recovery of consumption and the fragrance cycle still need to be followed, it is accompanied by an overall intensification of the appraisal, with companies focusing on business profitability performance, and overall upgrading of management capacity: optimizing the structure of the goods; and striving for more.
At the same time, the annual rate of return has increased substantially, with income pressure and performance on the high base of the first quarter of the year being equal to that of the previous year.
China ' s performance for 2023 was consistent with that of the Fast Track, with a marked red mark, and a positive attitude toward capital markets and business excellence. Beta has a long-term cycle and a variety of products, but the company is also moving from a simple tax-free track premium.
China Free China (60188.sh) - China Free China (60188.sh) - China ' s tax-free approach to the market, enhanced by China ' s competitive examination, with tourism retailing at its core, full product categories, wide channels, and efficient retailing giants, is still expected to grow. China ' s China Free China (60188.sh) Performance Rapid Report 2023 - Cost Optimization Support Industry
China ' s rent agreement with China ' s Central Free (60188.sh)-Kingjian Airport was optimized to help free the airport. China ' s Māori rate (60188.sh) continued to improve in the third quarter.
Top-heavy, full-cycle and efficient tourism retail operators, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Figure 1: Free quarterly operating income and speed of increase in China. Figure 2: Free parent net profit and non-net profit performance in China
Figure 4: Changes in rates during the quarterly exemption period in China, Figure 3: Performance of Māori exemptions and parent net interest rates in China, Figure 5: Trends in duty-free sales in China
Figure 6: Trends in the number of duty-free shopping persons in Hainan The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future