Company Review  Tourism Retail ii 2804 2024. Performance is in line with the Express data, and airport duty-free optimization is expected.
China (601888) smooth pressure period
Incidents: 1024 companies realized $18.8 billion/-9.5 per cent, resulting in a net gain of $2.3 billion/+0.2 per cent for the mother, offset in part by the resumption of airport access through tax-free marketing, with a tax-free sales value of $12.76 billion/-21 per cent for the month of January/March in Hainan Island, with a unit price of $5938/same
Compared to 21%. As a result of the decline in duty-free sales off the island, we expect that the company's tax-free sales will fall by about 20%, while the company's overall revenues will fall by less than the tax-free sales off the island, mainly from the company's airport.
Up to 85 per cent of the same period in 2019, commodity sales structures and rental agreements were optimized, with a marked improvement in the profitability of q1 in the Māori ratio of 1q24 at 33.3 per cent per year and +4.3pet, reflecting companies ' continued optimization of supply chains and commodity sales
In terms of the cost of the period, the cost of the sale benefits from the optimization of the airport rental contract, with a decline of 2.0 pct to 12.84% over 4q23; in the dark, it is expected that 2h24 will rise to marginal improvements.
On the whole, we believe that the most stressful time for company fundamentals has passed and that the next step is likely to be followed by a marginal change: 1) With the free flow of off-island passengers stable, we expect that, as of June 24th, the disadvantage of off-island free passenger unit prices from sub-purchase control will be phased out, with off-island duty-free passenger unit prices expected to be as fast as possible.
The fall in 2024 was halted; (2) tax-exempt policies within the city are still likely to be in place, and the complementarities will become more apparent, especially after the company has completed the replenishment of the service; (3) the flow of passengers at the airport port continues to recover, and future airport recovery + the optimization of the rent-free agreement will result in a significant increase.
In the medium-to-long term, the company is now fully capped in its core domestic tax-free flow channels, with the recovery in consumption moving forward, taking into account the company's increased interest on shareholders' returns, and the dividends are expected to increase as performance increases, and we believe that the current valuation value is relatively high, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The negative effects of a return to duty-free airport have continued the trend towards improved profitability at the Galactic Securities Institute in China.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.