China Central Free (60188.sh): 23 years of performance.
After nearly 40 years of growth, the Department has grown to become the largest retail tourism operation in the world.
Realization of a net return profit of $2.306 billion, an increase of 0.25 per cent over the same period.
In 2023, tax-free exits remained the first pillar of revenue, and the exit market continued to recover. Seagate shopping experience. Customs data show that duty-free purchases from the island were regulated throughout the year at $43.76 billion, an increase of 25.4 per cent.
The number of purchases increased by 59.9% in the same year, and the amount of purchases per person decreased by more than the same year. In the Hainan region, the company managed to collect $39.65 billion, an increase of 14.25% in the same year, slightly lower than the industry average.
68.38 and 4.92 billion yuan. The company ' s tax-free income from the island, which is 58.7 per cent of the total, remains the largest contributor to the revenue, estimated at about 70 per cent of the company ' s market in Hainan Market, and remains the absolute leader of the industry. National immigration authorities ' data show that in 2023 there were 424 million people entering and leaving the country, up from the same year.
206,886,195,248,266.5 per cent, returning to 63 per cent in 2019. Tax-free access to the port continues to recover, with the entire year of circulation in Shanghai, Japanb/h (millions of shares)
The restructuring of the income structure has led to an improvement in the Māori rate, and supplementary agreements have been signed to raise the cost of sales. As the flow of tourists in and out of the country continues to recover, the ratio of Māori to Māori tax-free operations rose by 18.23 pt. in 2023.
Against this background, and on the basis of the principle of win-win cooperation between the two parties, the company signed supplementary agreements with the capital airport and Shanghai airport, resulting in an increase of 6.54 pc. to 13.95 per cent in sales costs, a slight decrease in administrative and financial costs, and a slight decrease in the overall net interest rate of the company to 10.76 per cent.
To increase the cost of sales, but at the same time to promote the Māori rate, the company’s profitability is expected to be weak in 2024 as a result of the weakening of duty-free q1 sales off the island, but with a relatively strong profit margin. In 2024, the customs of the q1 Seagate monitored tax-free purchases off the island at a total value of $12.76 billion.
24.46%, with a weak performance at a high base over the same period last year. It is estimated that the company’s tax-exempt sales performance from the island has also been sustained, with brand introduction and pipeline development continuing, laying the foundation for medium- and long-term development. The company’s 23-year Henan region added 177 brands, both domestic and foreign, and introduced a “stoll” item for first-line branding operations and service standards.
With regard to the construction of channels, the commercial segment of the Sanya International Free City No. 2 s1480229005 has been opened, the construction programme and the construction of the earth have been completed in three phases; and the Seagate International Free City is free of charge.
The project, which achieved the main structural capping of the plot, the centralized delivery of the plot two (the Jolly Bay project), the completion of the plot three (the Joy Court project) and the planned orderly advancement of the rest of the plot. The company continued to promote the construction of overseas channels and successfully acquired the right to operate and operate a tax-free store at Siem Reap Angkor International Airport in Cambodia.
The company’s high-end brand introduction and channel expansion, based on the consolidation of domestic competitive advantages, provides the basis for medium- and long-term development. East’s financial and intellectual boom is a source of growth.
The annual value is 19, 16 and 14 times higher. Consider the long-term growth of companies as tax-exempt champions, but take into account the weak overall recovery in consumption and the fact that duty-free sales from the island are blocked, which affects the company's short-term performance, and lower the company's rating as “recommended” rating.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, China, China (60188.sh): 23 years of steady growth, with a return to duty-free status.
Wei Woo Ming, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Liu Xueqing is responsible for the study of hotels, restaurants, uniforms, local life, medical beauty, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China is exempt (60188.sh): 23 years of steady growth in performance, and the return of the port duty-free period does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.