In China, the 24-year-old Quarterly Review (601888.sh) reported excellent profit collection under pressure, with emphasis on port shops and elasticity of profit improvement incidents: corporate disclosure for 24-year-olds, excellent profit collection under pressure: 24q1
188.07 billion yuan per year - 9.45 per cent, ring + 12.6 per cent; net profit for mothers + +0.25 per cent, at the income end: short-term sales of the Hainan plate, recovery of the port shop or over-expected.
Lou, 24q1 Hainan Island is free of charge 12.760 billion yuan/-24.3 per cent, and the price per guest is 5983 per 20.7 per cent, subject to such factors as countervailing sub-purchases, weak consumption and diversions from the exterior, and duty-free sales from the island, and we expect the south sea plate to contribute 10 + billion yuan, which is 20 + per cent below the line.
The flat contributes about $3.0 billion, and the income share has steadily increased, mainly due to the gradual recovery of the port shop practice number: s15052110004 Mäori: Exchange rate influence narrow and income structure optimized the Mäori rate for equal improvement. 2401 JM
Māori ratio of 33.3 per cent/year to year +4.3pt, Ring +1.3pt. 1) Since 23h2, RMB exchange rate waves have been active in optimizing procurement strategies and exchange rate effects or contractions; 2) Resumption of international passenger flights with tax-free operations (23 years of tax-exempt/tax-free operations Māori) in January-February
The difference is 24 per cent; 3) discounts are narrow and contribute to the Māori rate. Costs such as rents are the main reason; the management rate is 2.53 per cent per year + 0.4 pct, in absolute terms.
Periods are consistent; financial rates - 0.66 per cent/same + 0.8 pct, 23q1 due to net gains on exchange companies' financial costs
It is expected that further repairs will be made to add to the company’s continuous reduction of the cost of the capital controls, with improved profitability over time; 3) if the market is expected to change its consumption power and if there is a consensus on the benefits of changing customs policy. The valuation is expected to move up gradually.
Cinstasecuritiesco., Ltd., p. 19/16/14, p., p. 1, Beijing West Side Street, building 9.
Risk factors: weak consumption; geopolitical risk; macroeconomic risk; exchange rate risk. Team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. Joined the Sinda Securities in 2022 as Deputy General Manager of the Research and Development Centre.
After graduate school in July of that year, he joined the Social Services Group for Employable Securities, and in November of 2022 he joined the New Sinda Consumers Group, covering the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, and the tax-exempt, eye-vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail, etc.
Choon-hyuk, Master of Finance, University of Southampton, University of Southampton, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Cfa Level, former Southwest Portfolio and New Sinda Consumers Group, mainly covering gold jewels and growing diamond plates. Li Bong-jung, Master of Science, Champagne, University of Illinois, Bachelor of Economics, University of Southwest Finance and Economy, November 2022 added.
The new Sinda Consumers Group, which covers mainly cosmetics, medical beauty, Zhang Honghamun, Master of Finance, University of Mudan, Bachelor of Economics, joined the new Sinta Consumers Group in July 2023, covering hotels, landscapes, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.