China Central Free (601888.sh) 24q1 quick review: Under pressure, excellent profit collection, and emphasis on port and profit elasticity improvement Incident: Companies issued 24q1 performance reports, under pressure, excellent profit collection: 24q1 realization camp
18,807 million yuan per year – 9.45 per cent per year, ring + 12.6 per cent; net profit for mothers – 2,308 million yuan per year
Under the influence of factors such as purchasing, weak consumption power and diversion from the country, the Hainan plate is under pressure for short-term demand, with a projected 20+ per cent drop in income of 2401 on a year-on-year basis, and is expected to experience a steady increase in daily ratios, taking into account the resilience of below-line growth and stability on the line, or due to the contribution of the recovery of port shops.
Māori: Exchange rate influences narrowness and income structure optimization or pushes Māori rates to improve on the same scale. 24q1 moves to slow down, while companies are active in optimizing procurement strategies. We expect the exchange rate to reflect the cost-side push for the recovery of the class, with tax-free business share or increase in the income structure (23-year tax-free/tax-owned Māori ratio)
(c) The discount rate has been slightly reduced, the membership system has decreased and the promotion has contributed to the Māori rate.
With the increase in the Māori rate and a flat operating profit rate, we believe that: (a) sales and management fee-level companies began to reduce capital controls strictly and have been effective since last year, with lower rents expected after the implementation of the new Shanghai rental contract on a quarterly basis, but limited as the absolute cost of opening more shops is expected to fall; and (b) 22301 due to remittances.
(b) The profit-and-loss effects of several shareholders, with 23q1-q4 income tax as a proportion of total profit, respectively.
Since then, the credit policy has been revised, with tax-exempt sales rising, improved income structure and combined impact on the Māori rate, which is expected to be further repaired by adding company fees for continuous cost reductions and improved profit margins over time; and 3) the recent macro-Sinda Securities Inc.
The value is expected to rise gradually.
Rendering of $82.0, 93.7, 10.64 billion and collection on 8 April equals 21/18/16 times, respectively, with risk factors: weak consumption; geopolitical risk; macroeconomic risk; exchange rate risk; quick performance reporting as preliminary accounting data, based on data disclosed in a quarterly report.
Team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities and Development Centre as Deputy General Manager. In 2021, he was awarded 2nd in a new wealth-free suit, 1st in a crystal ball suit, 1st in a retail suit, and Sino-Sinai after graduate school in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022.
It covers the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, tax-free, visual, invisible, pet, retail, etc.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science, Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A., Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022, and the new Sinda Consumers Group.
Zhang Honghamin, Master of Finance from the University of Khatami, Bachelor of Economics from the University of Khatami, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group in July 2023, covering hotels, landscapes, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.