2024q1 profit increases and port operations are expected to continue to recover from China's first quarter of 2024 (601888), with a fast-track assessment of performance: China's first quarter of 2024 with a fast-track announcement.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved operating income of 188.07 in the first quarter of 2024. The Māori rate for the company ' s main business was 32.70 per cent, an increase of 3.95 percentage points over the same period last year.
The value of duty-free purchases from the island dropped by 21.5 per cent over the same period, from 15,35,000 times to 3 per cent in the same year, from 9.81 million items to 30.9 per cent in the same year, while the customs of the sea port managed the tax-free sales off the island during the spring holidays of 2024.
On the whole, tax-free purchases from the island fell in January-February 2024, or were affected by the diversions, but the company’s revenue fell slightly in the first quarter, gross (ttm).
On 2 April 2024, the company’s general manager, Mr. Wang Xing, was transferred to work.
After resigning, Mr. Wang Xuan will continue to serve as chairman and director of the company. China was exempted from holding the tenth meeting of the Fifth Board of Directors on the same day and agreed to elect the additional regular army as China’s candidate for the fifth Board of Directors as a non-independent director.
In view of the fact that Mr. Wang Xuan has previously served as Managing Director and Chairman of the Board as a result of the death of his predecessor, we expect this change in management to restore normal management results and maintain an investment rating of the company's “buy-in” investment. The company is a national tax-exempt leader and has long benefited from it.
Foreign demand release, intra-city tax exemption policies and the growth of passenger flow from Hainan Island, with the prospect of a sustained atmosphere, “positive” investors only suitable for use of a study with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors suitable for use of the various categories of our Department, who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them for publication.