Corporate Review  Tourism Retail ii Airfield Resumption offsets adverse effects and improved profitability in China (601888).
A net gain of $2.31 billion per year + 0.33 per cent and a net gain of $2.3 billion per year + 0.23 per cent are expected to be offset by the return of airport routes to offset the downward pressure on the south of the sea.
The company's 1024th battalion fell, largely as a result of the pressure of the Hainan duty-free market, and was re-plugged by the airport's tax-free sales, which, according to Hainan customs data, fell 21 per cent in January-February, with a 19 per cent drop in passenger unit prices compared to the same figure, which we believe reflects mainly the second half of 2023.
The impact on the increased regulation of sub-purchases has been significantly higher than the level of the bill of exchange. If we look at the change in the ring value of the unit, we expect that, as of June 24th, the adverse factors on the face of the unit price from the sub-optimal control will be phased out.
The company’s core airport channel, Pudong Airport in January/February, returned to 80% + 2019.
Qeelin Fine Shop. Optimized sales structure and rent agreements, with significant improvements in profitability of q1
The best level since 3q22. We expect the company ' s 1q24 profitability improvement to benefit mainly from three factors: 1) airport duty-free sales recovery, driven by higher share of business under the company line, higher Māori ratio commodity sales structure growth, 2) company rent-optimal agreements with Shanghai airport, Capital airport, rent and sale of airport duty-free shops
In general, we believe that the most pressure on the base of the company has passed, and that it is likely that the marginal improvement will follow: 1) if the free passenger flow from the island remains stable, the unit price may drop at 2q24; 2) today
In the medium and long term, companies now have sufficient access to core domestic duty-free flows, which will be accompanied by cost recovery and company exits from the island and the airport + line + the city’s Dovib layout, which will contribute to sustained growth.
We think the value of the current valuation is high, maintaining the `recommended' rating.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and, first of all, contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.