We adjusted the profit forecast and valuation of Weir shares (603501.ch). We believe that the subsequent production delivery of the new ciss will provide an incentive to increase the scale of revenue and maintain the company's “buy-in” rating. Considering the company's 2q23 performance and the lower of the semiconductor industry base cycle,
Weir shares 2q23 operating income of RMB 4.52 billion, an 18 per cent decline in the same year, ring growth and company chip-to-stock growth are slower than expected; the new energy vehicle industry, domestic or overseas, is growing less than expected; and industry competition is growing again, and players ' profit margins are under pressure.
Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-A-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
(b) Pessimistic scenario: the growth of corporate incomes has been less than expected than the recovery in global demand for the smartphone industry has been higher than expected;
(a) The global demand recovery for the smartphone sector has been lower than expected;
The growth of the industry has led to an increase in the Māori rate;
(b) The firm's market position has steadily increased and its market share has gradually expanded, and the volume of new products has not moved as fast as expected.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees his right to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]