Iuzy@cfsc.com.cn ' s performance continued to decline in the first half of the year and the Māori rate is expected to pick up in the second half of the year.
The overall downstream demand continues to show a low propensity. Companies have experienced a small decline in operating income, while the mismatch between supply and demand resulting from high stock levels at the end of the industry has resulted in price pressure on some of their products and a Māori rate.
Levels are more strongly affected, resulting in a difference in the ratio of operating income to operating costs. Companies sell at a normal pace in the event of inventory de-stocking and supply chain adjustments, while companies control production on a single scale and buy.
Cash payments for commodities have declined significantly, net cash flows from operating activities have improved significantly, and the Māori rate is expected to pick up in the second half of the year.
The consumer electronics sector, represented by smartphones, has a weak overall market performance, the end performance is high, car-borne cis is expected to drive the long run, the demand for the market is not as high as expected.
*Val shares (603501), facilitated by the smooth advancement of downstream inventory decolonization and the initiative of the company ' s product structure2 : car-car-car-car-car-car-cis and tddi-led
. With the growth of the company ' s 50 million pixels and above image sensors in the long term, q2 performance is expected to pick up steadily, and product structure optimization will help the company ' s related products.
Increase in value and profitability. 3, Report of the Val Stock Exchange * (603501): Car-borne security cis penetration is fast
The product matrix is further enriched, the semiconductor design business area is being developed, the product matrix is rapidly upgraded, and it's being designed to show that the product matrix is perfect.
Product development. In the first half of 2023, research and development investments in company semiconductor design amounted to approximately $1,293 million. (1) Image sensors: increasing competition in the global smartphone market, increasing market concentration, car networking, smart gas.
In the context of the gradual diffusion of applications such as cars, autopilots, companies have introduced high-level pixel products of different pixel sizes. In the first half of 2023, the corporate image sensor industry met the growing demand for enhanced functionality in the market.
Control display (tddi) has achieved full product coverage, based on proprietary technology, providing enhanced programs such as image colours, contrasts, clarity; increased contact-based albino ratios, reduced exposure and inefficiency; and reduced power consumption and by reducing peripheral widgets
Helping clients reduce their combined costs. (3) Simulations: Simulation products developed by companies can be integrated into a wide range of applications. The company ' s power supply package has covered a wide range of applications for consumer electronics products and goods networking; the company follows the motorization of cars, smart belts.
The demand for products, the completion of the acquisition of cylic, and the expansion of research and development inputs for the simulation solution continue to expand to the automobile and industrial markets. So, the following is a relevant profit forecast, but the company acts as a domestic cis flagship technology.
Strong power, and product diversification, favors long-term corporate development space, and thus maintains a “buy-in” rating of investment. Market demand has not recovered as expected; new products have not moved as fast as expected; and market competition has increased.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok with four years of experience, reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.