The second quarter of the industrial control continues to be under pressure to watch the recovery of demand in the second half of the year, to be under pressure from industrial automation operations that have had a major impact on the economy, and to receive a narrow drop in net profit from the q2 single quarter. According to the median calculation given in the forecast, the median q2 returns and net profit from the mother.
The downside has affected the company's core industrial automation business, while new energy vehicle-driven operations have been affected by the downside of passenger and specialized vehicles and continue to face a negative growth in revenue, resulting in a decline in the corporate overall collection schedule.
Now. The semi-annual Māori rate is under considerable downward pressure at a high base of 44.74 per cent reported last year, but the long track, the new power electro-shock backlash, shows a steady recovery in the first quarter over the last three quarters, and looks back at industrial automation operations.
Māori rates are likely to remain stable, and the share of new energy vehicles remains a key variable affecting Māori rates. The total profits of private businesses improved markedly in May, maintaining the judgement that industrial demand is warming for the second half of the year.
In June, the Pmi index for medium-sized and small-scale enterprises recovered by 0.3, 0.5 to 49.1, 48.3, respectively, while in May the cumulative rate of increase in total industrial enterprise profits rose from 3.7 per cent in April to what we believe to be a significant contribution to the enhancement of corporate profitability through MVA reforms (for more details, see the recent past).
In the case of the Hong Kong Technological Insight Report - Acculturated Smart Manufacturing, weekly newspaper), the industrial oem market demand is dominated by small and medium-sized private enterprises, with total profit accumulation at the same level as growth at the bottom, if there is a consistent recovery in the cumulative profits of private enterprises in June-July.
The company and Beast will play a synergistic role, and the elevators will be well equipped and internationalized. There is a high degree of complementarities between the company and Beast in terms of products and customers, and in the future the two sides will improve their design capabilities while at the same time working with each other.
In the long run, the share of mro operations in the global elevator flagships, represented by the same power, has been scaled up and even partially absorbed by more than 50%;
The ladder ratio rises, which will provide a steady and sustained growth momentum for company elevator operations. In 2021, the company's single machine and Beast are projected to reach 1.87 billion and 3.38 billion.
Undefined risk of major asset restructuring; macro-economic over-expected downside risk; new energy vehicle policy risk; analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as the average market investment