In the first quarter, q2 received $1.50-1740 million in the first quarter, compared with the growth in the second quarter of the year, pending a recovery in industrial controls and the start of the vehicle fleet.
▪ General automation has slowed down further q2 revenue growth affected by the trade war, q4 is expected to start a recovery, and organizational changes are expected to drive the next round of high growth. Since April, the trade war has repeatedly affected manufacturing, with a downward trend and a marked shift in the intensity of downstream equipment investment, especially in advanced manufacturing industries.
We expect q4 to start a recovery. General automated business orders fell slightly in the first half of the year, income 2q continued to grow at a narrower rate than q1 growth, with better rates of growth maintained, and subservient to downstream cell phones, tp, etc., falling in the first half of the year.
The Division is implementing a new wave of organizational changes that, when the next year’s cycle recovers, will give a strong impetus to a new round of high growth in general-purpose automated operations. The “cow business” elevators remain robust, and Bethet’s performance will increase in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the Department’s elevator operations, steady progress has been made, with customers abroad continuing to expand their efforts, and elevators have maintained a robust growth in the number of places. On July 12, 51% of the cash acquisitions announced in the Bestte case were completed, and the build-up started in July, which will increase performance.
▪ New-energy commercial vehicle operations declined in the first half of the year, new-energy passenger vehicle operations began to be released, and the overall goal has been flat or slightly increased this year. The new-energy-specific vehicle industry slowed down and subsidies subsided in the first half of the year, and commercial-vehicle power and control operations dropped markedly in the first half of the year, and are expected to decline throughout the year.
Started to grow rapidly, mainly from domestic second-line brands such as Wilmer, Leopard, Southeast, multiplied by the Bester program update, cross-country client advantage, motor and electrical operations are expected to reach 5-6 million sales throughout the year.
2. Segawa Technologies (300124): q1 year-round lows, general q2 recovery and vehicle operations are expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses.
A slight decline in the same ratio, an increase in the same ratio of employees and an increase in the shareholding scheme at the beginning of the year, management and sales costs, and continued strong investment in vehicle research and development, the overall rate of cost is expected to decrease and the net profit rate is expected to improve continuously in the second half of the year.
Increases of 0%-16%; single-quarter net profit returns of $218-293 million, a 27 - 2% decline in the same year, q2 net profit returns, General Automation was further slowed by war-affected income growth of q2, q4 was expected to start a recovery in the industry, and organizational changes were expected to drive the next round of high growth.
Last year's trade war led to a clear fall in industrial controls from q3, and this year q1 showed some signs of recovery, with a slight decline in general automated business orders during the first half of the season, a still growing income of 2q and a narrower growth rate of q1.
The frequency of these changes has continued to grow better and has slowed down since last year, with the downstream air conditioners cooling, weight lifting, textiles, etc. showing good performance and growth, while the air pressurers, metallurgy, etc. have fallen; the downside of the downtime of downstream cell phones, tp, etc., has declined in the first half of the year.
The forward move + enhanced platform product input, and the promotion of process-based organizational management, once the next year’s cycle recovers, will provide a strong boost to the high growth of a new round of general-purpose automated operations. The “Cow Operation” elevators remain robust, and Bethet’s performance will increase in the second half of the year.
The increase in real estate start-up + the demand for the renovation of old houses boosts the need for elevators. Statistics show that 357,000 domestic elevators were produced in January-May, an increase of 17% over the same period. The company elevator business remained steady for the first half of the year.
The announcement announced that 51 per cent of the cash acquisitions had been completed, that the remaining 49 per cent of the targeted acquisitions had continued to advance, starting in July, and that Bethette would start with a total of 2,424 million won in 18 years, with a net profit of 235 million dollars, and that this year it would also maintain a robust growth, with a very positive impact on performance growth.
New energy commercial vehicle operations declined in the first half of the year, and new energy passenger vehicle operations began to be released, with the overall target rising evenly or slightly this year. The first half of the year, passenger vehicles, logistics vehicles, were affected by factors such as the slowdown in industry, the fall of subsidies, the production of passenger vehicles, which increased by +78.1%/-16.2% compared to the previous half, and the first half, 8432 vehicles, which increased by 2.4% compared to the second half, which slowed down by industry subsidies.
As a result, the company has also made some strategic contractions in the logistics vehicles, and the commercial vehicle power control business has declined significantly in the first half of the year, and is expected to decline throughout the year. After more than two years of starch growth, mainly from domestic second-line branding, the statistics for ggii show 9790 new systems for power and control of the conglomerates in January-May, of which 9790 are used.
Mainly Wilma, which accounts for about 70%, a small number are southeast, leopards, and a total of 50,000-60 thousand are expected to be sold throughout the year. New-energy automobiles are on a flat or modest growth target this year. First-line firms achieved a few fixed targets in 18 years, 20 years, overseas first-line companies got a fixed target in 19 years, and they started to do so after 2020, and are expected to do so in 2021.
In the Suzhou region, track-over operations have stabilized the country, with an intensive delivery period of 18 years and 1.38 billion hand orders to support future growth. In the Suzhou region, the track-tracked two, three, four, five-and-along system, the track-train two-way system, with almost 100 per cent of the mark, has been hit with the line-four, two-phase-a-way towed system, and the line-two of Guiyang, with almost 100 per cent of the mark.
From the point of view of the orders, the company had a total of approximately 1.38 billion hand orders by the end of the 18th year. The orders confirmed each year for 19-21 years were 300-50 million, and o1 confirmed that the country was a 10 billion-sized market and that the future share of the Hong Kong River was expected to enter the top three sectors.
As in the case of Māori in the second quarter of this year, there was a marked decline in the same rate, and the ring ratio remained largely stable, mainly because of a three-point decline in the general automation operation in the third quarter of last year, along with a small change in product structure, low Māori product orbital traffic, an increase in towing systems and power control in cars, and an increase in large elevators, with the Māori ratio projected for the first half of the year.
Plus and early this year’s stock holdings plan advanced to increase management and sales costs, with sustained and substantial investment in vehicle research and development, with overall cost rates expected to be largely flat and net profit expected to improve continuously in the second half of the year.
Figure 3: Companies ' three fees Profit projection and investment rating: taking into account the Betset section and table, the projected net return profit for 2019-2021 is, respectively, the sum of the total return of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, which has the status of a securities investment advisory committee.