(c) Events: the company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated a revenue of 2.719 billion, an increase of 9.96 per cent over the previous year;
q2 performance was reduced by a narrow circle, and new energy was growing rapidly in the use of vehicles. In the first half of the year, as a result of the economy’s weekly and Central American trade, the overall increase in domestic manufacturing investment was at a low level of 30 billion, 100 million and + 3 per cent, with the general-purpose frequency rate slowing down and the same rate falling; and as a domestic variable, the rate of change was decreasing.
In the field of traditional equipment production, the share of the market has been gradually increased through industry-specific and multi-product solutions, and at the end of the eu project, companies have taken advantage of industrial upgrading and nationalization in the context of efficiency and greening.
The company operates around “core parts + whole machines + visual + process”
In the face of falling demand in the mobile phone sector, the focus is on expanding the lithium, toy, etc., order growth, new energy vehicle operations, influenced by subsidized downside standards and transitional arrangements policies, guest workers, Project-type market relative, industry
The company’s new energy vehicle business, with its revenue of $226 million, slipped by 20% from the next 20% of the country’s production opportunities. The company’s new energy-car business has grown rapidly, with power controls, generators, power sources.
At the end of the year, the product will have a number of vehicle types, some of which are expected to be available next year. For international passenger customers, the technology of three international first-class car plants has been adopted.
The soundness, continued progress of the Twin Kings Strategy and the review of the quality system have made it possible to gain access to the project. Elevator and railing operations are the cornerstone of the company's current income growth.
Billions, +12.32 per cent; track transaction recognition revenue of about 230 million, a significant increase in the same year, to achieve a break-over into harvest period, full of hand orders, totalling about 920 million at the end of the reporting period. We believe that these two operations are expected to remain high in the medium and long term.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori ratio was 41.02 per cent, a decline of 3.72 pct, which is still high in the industry, and is estimated to be due to an increase in the share of the main transhipment operations as well as a decrease in the price of new energy automobile products. 29.14 per cent, an increase of 1.76 pct over the same period, mainly due to sales costs and financial costs.
At present, the policy-level trend of “stable growth + broad credit” has been gradually strengthened, with the intelligent manufacturing landscape unchanged in the context of rising human capacity costs, import substitution, etc. Seasonally, q2 performance has fallen by 10.09%, the ring has narrowed by q1, and the demand for the industry is expected to be higher than the demand for the industry.
The acquisition of Bethet captures the trend of large accompaniment industries and is strongly supported by medium- and long-term performance. In the first instance, the Hong Kong elevators are dominated by national product plates, and foreign customers are not well represented. Bethette is one of the world’s largest electric system providers, human interfaces, door systems, wire cables, etc.
This collaboration will create better complementarities in products, customer resources, regional layouts, etc. The elevator industry’s “big packages” has become a major trend.
In the first half of the year, 463,000 elevators were produced nationwide, an increase of 18.1 per cent compared to 18.1 per cent;
The re-engineer and installation of elevators in old towns and cities is expected to be the engine of growth for the next three years, and the Pacific macro team estimates that the potential for the installation of elevators in the old and old districts of the country is 3.06 million units, pulling about 1.2 trillion dollars in investment.
Investing in and introducing international leading technologies to further upgrade the core technology of new energy motors, power and power control, industrial control software, and industrial robotic design. The R&D cost deductions have increased to 75% of the new regulations.
National tax cuts are expected to continue to fall, and companies, as leading STI firms, will make investment proposals. Corporations based on platform + multiproduct + process R & D layouts and incubation capabilities, are more resilient to the risks of industrial volatility, and macro-environment downturns are also high-quality companies.
Quick import substitution and the opportunity to expand the market share. Watch the company's “double king” strategy.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.