On March 30, 2020, the company published its annual report for 2019, which generated 3 trillion yuan in 2019, an increase of 2.6 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net gain of 57.6 billion yuan to the mother.
A decline of 8.7 per cent and a decrease of 9 per cent over the same period of 53.3 billion net profit on parent deductions. Prices of major refined products fell by 9 per cent in 19 net profit on year-on-year terms, which, according to company announcements, increased by 2.6 per cent in 2019, and a net gain of 57.6 billion yuan on mother, which fell by 8.7 per cent in the same year.
The increase in revenue was mainly due to the expansion of the company’s operations and the same increase in its trade volume. The net gain was 9% lower, mainly due to lower prices for crude oil, finished oil, chemical products, etc., and a narrower Māori rate. Sales, general and administrative costs were $55.3 billion, a 16% decline in the same year, mainly in the implementation of new lease guidelines and public sector policies.
The impact of non-productive expenditures has been significantly reduced by the Division. Depreciation, depletion and amortization of $108.8 billion have decreased by 1.1 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the economic availability of the upstream section of the Division, a decrease in the consumption rate of hydrocarbon assets and a decrease in the depletion rate.
Smelting and downstream sales are the company’s main source of profits, with short-term pressure on low oil prices. The company is a large-scale, medium- and downstream-integrated energy-industrial company, leading the country’s refining and ethylene capacity, leading the country’s product-sales network, with the size and network’s advantages being the firm’s core competitiveness.
Development, refining, chemical industries, marketing, etc. Four major plates made a combined operating profit of 86.2 billion in 2019, of which 30.6 billion were refined oils, 29.1 billion were sold, 17.2 billion chemicals were sold, and 9.3 billion were explored and exploited.
Crude oil sales of 34.35 million tons, 1.3 per cent less than the same year, natural gas sales of 28.8 billion cubic metres, 9.7 per cent more than the same year, and crude oil operating costs of RMB 782 per ton per year, 1.8 per cent lower than the previous year, representing an average price of $64 per barrel per tar in 2019 and $36 per barrel per month in March 2020.
Oil prices in the broader context of weak demand for the ball will be pressured in the short term, and the profitability of exploration and exploitation plates will be significantly affected. 249 million tons of crude oil processed and 160 million tons of finished oil produced, an increase of 3.4 per cent over the same period.
Other oil refining products, such as paracetal oil and liquefied gas, have received very low prices. In 2020, as a result of the epidemic, the demand for finished oils has declined considerably downstream, and the refined plates have performed under short-term pressure. Sales plates: $143.01 billion in 2019, representing a 1.1 per cent decrease in the year, representing an increase of 29.1 billion in operating profits, a 24 per cent increase in the year.
The annual number of gas stations was 30702, an increase of 0.1 per cent, and the annual average of 3992 tons per station, an increase of 0.3 per cent. The sales plate was less affected by oil price fluctuations but more affected by the epidemic in the short term. The total number of camps was 89.5 million tons, an increase of 3.3 per cent, with ethylene production of 1249 million tons in the year, an increase of 8.5 per cent.
The price of chemical products, such as ethylene, will be under pressure for some time to come, as a result of the continued production of future private major refining projects. International oil prices have fallen; the pace of phasing out the backward production capacity has slowed.
Yang Jianxing: The Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemicals, University of Rutgers, developed a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) in geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry for industrial studies in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials. In 2015, the author of SkyEnds had the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,