Quick growth in the second quarter, with herpe vaccine available for the future, a long-term spring high-spring (000661.sz) incident evaluation report, Changchun high-spring shares issued a 2023 semi-annual performance announcement: 2023.
In the second quarter of the Golden Race Pharmacy industry, it's rising sharply, and its subsidiary, 2023h1, is earning $5,139 million, a year-on-year increase, with 2,786 million, a year-on-year increase of 20.40 per cent, the ring increase.
The self-supply of growth hormone fluids by current polyethanol reorganizers can effectively reduce production costs, increase growth hormone long-acting Maori rates and provide more space for company product rotation and future competition.
With herpe vaccine giving new life to 100 grams of life, the 100-gram biome, with 560 million yuan, is a year-on-year increase, 381 million yuan is a year-on-year increase, and the ring is a year-on-year increase.
The main increase in the supply of raw materials and the expected rise of the long-acting Māori type is the 100-gram bio-banded herpes epidemic as of 20 August 2023.
2. Long Spring High (000661): With a new dynamic of herpes, post-infection operations are expected to move gradually towards tender access in the remaining provinces, along with the development of a digital marketing model, expected to be in place.
Market coverage for the 2023-03-30 herpe vaccine will increase steadily.
▪ In-depth pediatric excavation, active deployment of women's health, oncology, mass 2022-11-04. The company has continued to promote the introduction, commercialization and capacity-building of products such as paediatric integration.
In the area of women’s health, companies promote a steady increase in sales of ovarian hormones while following up on the stocking of products.
As the market continues, in the area of women's health, the Kinsey Pharmaceuticals industry will move from simple treatment to full-life support for reproduction, common diseases, menopause, physical and physical management, a combination of risks of uncertainty, increased risks of growth hormone competition, and new infections.
The Medical Group introduced Hoobo Novo: Master of Medicine, 10 years of experience in medicine research in the securities industry, formerly part of the pharmaceutical new wealth team.
I am a member of the core group. I have long experience with the industry of raw materials, medical devices, blood products. Innovative drugs, seven years of experience with biological research entities, and three years of experience with pharmaceutical research.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.