Growth hormone sales are rapidly recovering, expecting herpes with herpes, long springs and highs (000661) (for the first time)
Annual growth of 5.77 per cent; net return of $2.16 billion, an increase of 1.91 per cent compared to the previous year; low output of 0.2 per cent, and faster growth in the performance of major affiliates. On a quarterly basis, o2 alone achieved operating income of 3.39 billion yuan, an increase of 18.69 per cent compared with the corresponding increase of 1.303 billion net return earnings.
The dollar, which grew by 32.78% over the same period, the net profit from the non-mortality of $1.310 billion, increased by 34.22% over the same period, and q2, which achieved a recovery from the outbreak at the beginning of the year. In terms of profit margins, the q2 single-quarter gross sales rate was 89.44%, a slight increase over the same period last year, with a single-season net sales rate of 39.77%.
In terms of the cost rate, 3.57% of the sales, the net return to the mother is 2,197 million yuan, which is almost equal. The 100-gram income of the subsidiary was 560 million yuan, an increase of 26.98%, and the net return to the mother was $111 million, which is the same increase.
50%. A subsidiary, the Huacon Pharmacy, earns $354 million, an increase of 16.07% over the same period, achieves a continuous focus on innovation in the Golden Games, and steadily drives the strategic layout of the business plates. A subsidiary, the Golden Race Medicines, continues to improve market acceptance of long-acting growth hormones, promoting paediatric integration, etc.
The introduction, commercialization and capacity-building of products to effectively raise income levels and performance ratios for products such as long-acting growth hormones, child nutrition, etc. The current approval of corporate growth hormone products has resulted in 12 adaptive disorders, which, in conjunction with the steady layout of the adult market, are expected to result in the full synergy of new paediatric and adult operations in the future.
Target. In addition, in the first half of this year, the company polyethanol reorganizers were approved for growth hormones, which enabled the goldseed drug industry to produce a self-produced peg for polyethanol reorganizer growth hormone injection, which would facilitate the supply and cost optimization of raw materials for polyethanol reorganizer growth hormone injections.
The rapid release of herpes vaccine, and research and development power provide a long-term impetus for development. In the first half of this year, 100-gram organisms performed at a faster rate, mainly because they had obtained a certificate of registration for herpes vaccine at the beginning of the year. As of July, 23 provincial and district municipalities had completed their access, and 15 batches had been issued.
The company attaches great importance to R & D, with cumulative R & D inputs accounting for 17.51 per cent of operating income in the first half of the year. Prior to this, it had 13 monoclonal antibodies in research on vaccines and 3 in research on control of infectious diseases, including, inter alia, a 100-white vaccine (three sets), a liquid nose influenza vaccine, rabies, tetanus bill.
In the first half of the year, the company signed an investment agreement with the biographies, accelerated the construction of the company's “mrna vaccine technology platform” and improved its intellectual property system in relation to mrna vaccines.
Investment Recommendations: Considering that growth factors are still low, we view the long-term market for growth hormones as being covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.