The pharmaceutical team performed beyond expectations in the second quarter, with vaccine subsidiaries growing at a speed of $2.264 billion (+3 per cent) in non-mother ' s net profit.
Income of $3.390 billion (+19 per cent); net profit of $1.303 billion (+33 per cent); net profit of $1.310 billion (+34 per cent) from non-repatriation.
The pharmaceutical subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, earned $5.139 billion (+3.6 per cent) in the first half of the year, achieving a priority layout, 2023.4.18.
The negative effects are clear, and the second quarter is back on the growth track. Since the beginning of the year, the company has been returning to a normal state of business with the line 3.
The Division ' s investor relationship paper, the company ' s second quarter market recovery trend is good, growth hormones are emerging, and the intake group has maintained a high rate of growth, with a similar increase of nearly 40 per cent in April-May of this year; and a strong recovery is taking place in the long corridor.
The first nationally produced herpe vaccine is on the market, and the vaccine company has increased its speed. In the first half of the year, the vaccine subsidiary, 100 grams of organisms, earned $560 million (+27 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $111 million (+50 per cent) from shareholders belonging to the public sector.
Lactumity was marketed in January 23, sold in April, and local access and marketing is progressing steadily; it is felt to be more extensive, less reactive, more accessible than foreign competition.
Technological innovation has accelerated and the product layout has improved. In recent years, companies have significantly increased their levels of investment, improved multi-area pipeline layout, and created proteins in drug research and development.
A range of innovative technological platforms for research and development, such as drug long-activities control, are working to build leading and differentiated products. With regard to product layout, corporate strategic planning covers paediatric endocrine, paediatric integration, adult endocrine, women’s health, oncology, leather medicine, etc.
A business block that lays a solid foundation for the accelerated growth of new business in the future. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating. Corporate growth hormone poles are strong, long-term growth logic is constant, and we maintain profitability.
Health insurance price reduction and fee control risk: Growth hormone competition increases the risk: vaccine sales are not on track; research and development progress is not on track as expected, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market