Material material q3 has seen a significant recovery in profits, with hand orders sufficient to guarantee future development. Events: 3-quarter reports by companies in 2020, yielding operating income of $6.6459 billion in the previous three quarters.
Operating income of $29,633 million, corresponding to +21.28 per cent, ring +27.24 per cent; net profit return of 1.q3 performance increased significantly, leading to a positive increase in the first three quarters.
Interest rates have fallen slightly, and corporate revenue and net profits have fallen the same time. In the third quarter, as the epidemic has been brought under control, adverse effects have diminished, project construction and engineering recognition have accelerated, and in the single quarter, net profit returns and returns have increased significantly over the same period and the ring, driving the company as a whole in the previous three quarters.
Gross equity/flow (millions of shares) The rate of increase in revenue and net profits has been negative.
Percentage point to 4.18%. The operating cash flow profile has improved: the first three quarters have been evaluated by China Chemical (601117) and China Chemical 2019 Quarterly: more.
The number of newly signed bills has increased steadily, and the nylon 66 project has been steadily advanced.
30,456.4 million yuan, or 23.29% of the total. Corporate coal and traditional chemical orders have increased significantly, and good performance has increased by 48%.
3. Technology innovation, building the nylon 66 industrial base, China Chemical Tracking Review: The first half of the year has seen steady growth in revenue collection and new contracts, with expected performance.
We have 100% external dependence of dichlorfon, “Adulfon-hydiamine-Nylon 66” industry continues to improve” - 2019/07/14 chain mismatches. Dioxin is mainly a nylon 66-upstream raw material, and in 2018 it was a global dichlorf.
With less than 1.75 million tons, only four companies produce, oligopoly is highly monopolistic (cr1 = 60 per cent, cr2 = 83 per cent, cr3 = 98 per cent), the technology embargo is severe, and the country is totally dependent on imports, which form the core of the “crack necks” of the “silent-vediamine-nylon 66” chain.
The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Skye, has autonomously developed the “butadiene direct hydrogen cyanide chemization method” of synthesizing diazole. The company and its partners have set up a limited division for the use of new materials, which invests in the construction of nylon 66 new materials. The project plans to build 1 million tons of ni a year.
q3 substantial recovery in profits and sufficient security for future development under hand orders The new material industry base of Dragon66, with the construction of 300,000 tonnes/year conjunctate, 50,000 tonnes/year sodium cyanide, 90,000 tonnes/year hydrogen cyanide
At present, the project is low-value, defensive, and a nylon 66 industrial base is expected to be “buy-in”.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report