The only companies in the country that insist on building open information technology systems and industrial ecology independent of the x86 and arm systems on the basis of autonomous command systems.
With the launch of the Dragon Structure in 2020, the Department began to market and, in accordance with the autonomous command system, moved out of the new cpu ecological path, which is independent of the x86 and arm systems. When it came to the market in 2022, the cpu, which is represented by the Three Musketeers and the Three Swords.
The value of the product has been substantially increased, and based on the increased share of the credit market and the deepening of ecological construction, the company has initially developed open market competitiveness, with the main contradictions in development shifting from the research and development end to the market end. Currently, the company ' s products include dragon core 1, mcu and dragon core 2, soc, and core 3, cpu, for information chemicals and industrial control applications.
In the context of core architecture and ip self-controllability, product value increases, and future company operations are expected to enter new ai servers and aipc ' s accelerated delivery and share increases, as well as domestic demand-driven cpu demand-related, while the rise in national cpu performance versus value-for-performance is increasingly competing for intel and amd as the dominant market.
The cpu application covers desktops, moves, servers, workstations, and embedded areas. In demand terms, the ai server and aipc 's accelerated delivery and share lift-up-related cpu requirements are expected to grow by 24.3 per cent in 2025, while the output of the 2025 q4ai server is expected to reach 17.3 per cent; and the pc 's output growth rate is also on a seasonal basis.
To 34%. In addition, the demand for information and communication technology has increased by 38.60% since 2026. Domestic and international servers and desktop cpu markets are largely occupied by intel and amd, but the urgency of domestic information technology security has led to the creation of a three-way national cpu manufacturer, which introduced a mature set of instructions.
At present, the share of the national product cpu is over 60 per cent, the first echelon is tidal and sealight, while the rise in the national production cpu performance requirements has brought the overall pattern to the top six manufacturers to promote enterprise R & D empowerment, while the national producer cpu is in the process of producing cpu.
In the political sphere and beyond, the commercialization of open markets, relying on such advantages as value for money, has accelerated the replacement of national production. 1.ai large models are booming, semiconductors and light models - semiconductor industry depth reports.
The company maintains the bottom set of instructions and the autonomous control of the core ip, which allows for the transposition of the x86/arm command, while the processor's core can be upgraded over time. Autonomy in the source command system is the only way to get rid of the information industry from being held hostage to the external 2.ai big model competition, openai and
Technological dilemmas, advanced, compatible, modularized and expanded corporate structures that integrate the main deepseek industry re-engineering of x86, arm, etc. - semi-modular features that efficiently support binary translation. At the same time, the company processor core ip is developed autonomously, resulting in significant savings in ip acquisition.
The industry depth reports (xi) purchase costs, while significantly reducing the cost of ip upgrades. The company has now launched five series cores, la664 has been able to mark the amdzen2 architecture, and a new generation of more robust la864 has entered the physical design test phase.
Based on the autonomous advantages of the IT market, relying on a price-for-product approach, the focus is on a single application to open up the market gradually. With regard to information-based applications, the company’s current share of desktop cpu3a6,000 in the IT tender is constantly increasing, while the company’s current market of servers cpu, gpgpu, based on chips like 3c6000, is opening up the Cpu, gpgpu and so on.
Typical applications have broken out, opening markets will focus first on single applications such as storage servers. In terms of industrial controls, the growth of the market for safe applications in traditional areas of advantage has been restored, companies continue to dominate the market; the need for autonomy in areas such as safety, energy and so on is growing, the creation of printer master chip messages is promoted and corporate ownership can be facilitated.
In addition, a new generation of corporate products has an advantage in value for money, embedded and dedicated chips. In the next three years of priority chip development, the value of the end chip is expected to increase by 30-50%, to accommodate the open ecosystem at the top of the lycium, and the company continues to improve the software ecosystem, while addressing x86 and arm.
The company establishes a loongarch branch in the upstream community to maintain the source code, and its ecology will automatically evolve with the community, which can greatly enrich the support of the Loongarch software version and significantly reduce the adaptation of the migration.
Modes. In basic applications, the linux base software system, which is paralleled with the x86/arm system, has been built. At the same time, companies address the migration of x86 and arm applications through horizontal compilation and binary translation techniques to achieve compatibility with mainstream applications, especially with the hard core printer driver compatibility programme, which solves the common printer problem of lack of driver support for the linux system.
Investment proposals: First coverage, with a "buy-in" rating. Companies are autonomously controlled cpu manufacturers for scarce domestic directives, with higher value for money and are in the process of transition to open markets in policy markets, benefiting from the current system of national production cpu 1. Adhering to an autonomous command system, building information and industrial control cpu.
1.1. The command system is autonomously controlled by the national cpu lead company (1) The only Cpu firm in the country that insists on building open information technology systems and industrial ecology independent of the x86 and arm systems on the basis of an autonomous command system.
Following the establishment of the company in 2008, the market was gradually introduced, moving from a mips-based command system to an autonomous command system, loongarch, which consists mainly of a series of dragon cores 1, core 2, core 3, and covers such applications as soc, embedded mcu, desktop and server cpu, downstream to industrial control, informationization, etc.
1) In 2001, the Group of Dragon-chip Issues led by Mr. Hu Wei Wu was set up, and in 2001-2008 the Group developed multiple generic cpus, such as Dragon-chip 1, Dragon-chip 2b, Dragon-chip 2c, Dragon-chip 2e, and established a self-controlled system of the IT industry. 2) In 2010, the company began to market its operations, focusing on the development of treatment that is responsive to customer needs and competitive in the market.
During the period 2010-2019, the Loch 3 processor achieved a continuum from 1,000 series to 4,000 series.) In 2019-2021, the company ' s products were based mainly on the Mips command system, 2020, processors and basic software.
With sufficient technological experience in R & D, eco-system building and so on, companies have introduced an autonomous command system, Loongarch (Lone Core Structure, hereinafter referred to as Dragon Structure). Since 2021, the company ' s informatization business has shifted to the Dragon-based 3a5,000 series, and the industrial control business has begun to move to the Dragon-based series.
4. In 2022, the company was on the market, and 2022-2024 was the three-year period of transformation in research and development for the company's ecological construction and open market, during which decisive progress was made in the development of cpu, represented by the Three Musketeers and the Three Swords, which significantly increased the value of the product, while actively maintaining and optimizing the open-source community of the dragon structure, x 86 binary translator and ai software student.
Building on the competitiveness of prices, there will be a strategy of “point-to-point, vertical integration” that will continue to improve value for money, software, ecology, and the re-establishment of the industrial chain, and business is expected to enter a new growth cycle.
(2) By product series, the company ' s products are divided mainly into the Dragonheart 1 mcu series, the Dragonheart 2 soc series, the Dragonheart 3 cpu series and the bridging film used by the processor. In the first half of 2025, the company developed successful new products consisting mainly of 2k3,000/3b6000m generic soc chips in the field of industrial control and terminals, and in the area of printers.
2p0300 master soc chips, etc., while the new generation of core desktop chip 3b6600 and the integration of second generation graphics at the lig210 core of the core of the tube, the independent gpgpu chip 9a1,000 are entering the full design phase.
(3) According to downstream applications, the company ' s products are mainly used in scenarios such as informatics, industrial controls, and so on, and the information chemistry class consists mainly of desktop and server ends. The company conducts industrial eco-building based on two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems, and maintains full market cooperation with its partners in the areas of network security, office and business information, industrial control and material networking.
A wide range of products has been widely used in sectors such as e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, and education. In 2019-2021, corporate revenues were dominated by information-based chips, and in 2022-2023, traditional e-government markets were in a state of adjustment, resulting in a significant decline in sales revenues from corporate informatization, during which the company maintained a basic level of stability in industry-controlled industrial markets.
In 2024, despite the fact that market demand for safe applications has not recovered, leading to a significant drop in industrial revenue, the company seized the opportunity of a revival of the e-government market, taking advantage of the value of the new products, 3a6,000 and 2k0300, etc.
The total recovery rate was more than 70 per cent, with industrial and regulatory developments resumed in the first three quarters of 2025 and the e-government market expanded further, thereby reducing sales of whole-system solutions, with 46.98 per cent, 35.70 per cent and 17.32 per cent respectively.
1.2. Based on the genetics of the State capital, the management team is highly skilled. (1) Mr. Hu Wei Wu and Ms. Jinhong are the physical owners of the company, with an indirect share of 10.85% of the company.
As of November 18, 2025, the company’s first shareholder was the Beijing Sky Cinder Cycling Technology Ltd., and its founder, Mr. Hu Weiwu, held 47,67% of the Cycling Cycling, while it also held some of the company’s shares through the investment in the Cycling Source, the Tincchi Cycling and the Sky Cycling State.
Right, Ms. Jinhong holds a 15.02% share in the source investment, and Mr. and Mrs. Hu Wei Wu and Jinhong are also the real owners of the country. The company’s second largest shareholder is the Beijing Central Bank Asset Management Ltd., a 100% share of the Chinese Institute’s calculations, and the Beijing People’s Government, through its fully-owned subsidiary, the Beijing National Capital Corporation, has invested in the company.
5.55% of shares. A subsidiary of the company is located in Guangdong, Xianan, Hoyumi, Taiwon, Nanjing, Kimhua, etc., and is responsible for the design, sale, card and software development of their chips. (2) The executives of the company have a master ' s degree in the relevant professions, doctoral degrees, and are mainly from the Chinese Institute of Computing, Management Group.
The team has a great academic stock and technical experience and a strong team cohesion. The director and managing director of the company, Mr. Hu Wei Wu, has a doctorate in engineering in computer system architecture at the Chinese Academy of Computer Sciences.
Industry trends, technological paths, with deep understanding and forward-looking judgement, can lead companies firmly on the path of autonomous R & D and a firm sense of national mission that not only brings together internal teams, but also greatly enhances the trust and recognition of companies by investors, partners and clients.
Male, born in 1977, of Chinese nationality, no permanent right of residence outside China, and registered as an accountant. Received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Shandong University of Science and Technology in 2000; Master of Business Administration from Qinghua University School of Economic Management in 2015. July 2020 - 2020
In November, he was the manager of the company ' s finance department; from November 2020 to the present, he was the director of the company ' s finance department; she was born in 1977, of Chinese nationality and did not have the right of permanent residence abroad.
September 2012-present, in the company. (3) Equity Incentives for 2025 are tied to the core workforce, while at the same time demonstrating the firm ' s confidence that performance will continue to grow. On 29 September 2025, the company released a draft equity incentive for 2025, to be awarded $530.9 million to the target audience.
10.64% of the employees are core cadres of the company. Performance appraisals at the corporate level are based on the motivation to mobilize management teams and core staff in 2024, while firm collection targets set for the next two years also provide a strong sense of managerial confidence in the growth of the company’s performance.
1.3. Re-entry into growth track, Māori rate re-emerges significantly (1) with the recovery of demand in e-government markets, with a 13.94 per cent increase in corporate revenue in the first three quarters of 2025. Since 2022, demand from traditional e-government markets and safe applications has declined, public
In the previous three quarters, corporate revenues were positive, chip sales were warmer, industrial areas were growing by 68.83 per cent, the traditional advantage of safe applications resumed growth, other industrial and regulatory areas such as energy, transport, manufacturing were growing steadily, and new generation industrial chips were actively expanding open market industrial and regulatory applications through high value for money advantages, moving from low to medium and high, and so on.
The number and share of the winning bid in the desktop cpu e-government tender increased considerably, while some key sectors such as telecommunications, energy, etc., became better informed, resulting in a steady overall increase. In the third quarter of 2025, the company collected $351 million.
In terms of net profits, the current deficit is shrinking and, owing to the higher impairment of assets and credit losses, as measured by the established accounting policies, which are associated with the long life cycle of the security application, the impairments are followed up and re-emerge, followed by (2) the return of the Māori ratio to the upward trajectory, and a significant increase in the Māori rate of the industrial chip and the Māori rate of the solution.
The decline in the Māori rate of chemical and industrial chips has been significant, but since 2025, companies have actively seized the opportunity of a return to the warmth of the market, mainly by adjusting the product structure and continuously increasing the value of the product, and in the first three quarters of 2025, the Māori rate of corporate industrial chips has increased since the sale of the new Quarter of 2024.
The combined Māori rate has risen to 42.37%. (3) Sales rates have risen and the trend of high R & D inputs has continued. Since 2020, the company R & D rates have been 68.19% per year, with PhDs accounting for 8.27% of the total R & D staff and M & D for 40.87%, reflecting the company ' s ability to operate.
At the bottom of the business cycle, R & D is still on track to build up core design capacity in cpu, maintain ownership of the R & D core, and improve R & D levels, thereby enabling them to seize market opportunities when demand recovers. Companies’ sales rates also rose in the first three quarters of 2025, mainly because the company’s main conflict has shifted from the research and development end to the market, and companies have increased their active market openings.
The historical high of billions of dollars and the receivables also reached $647 million in 2022, but as the e-government market and the demand for safe and controlled markets improved, the company ' s stock level declined, significantly reducing the risk of impairment of assets, the receivables returned to normal levels, the company ' s cash flow improved, increasing its ability to pay and resist risks, while improving its transport.
Camp efficiency and profitability. 2.ai pulls up demand, and the national product cpu is the core of computer system computing and control.
(1) cpu (central processingunit, central processor) as the computing and control core of the computer system is the final execution unit for information processing, program running. Logically, cpu can be divided into three modules, control units, operation units and storage units, which are connected by the internal bus.
1) The control unit (controlunit,cu) is the command and control centre for the entire cpu, including the command transmitter ir (instructionregister), the command translator id (instruction decoderq), the operating controller oc (operation controller), the time-series generator and the program counter. The control unit is stored sequentially according to a pre-made program prepared by the user.
, the instructions are placed in the command register, the instructions are translated to determine what should be done, and the control signal is sent to the corresponding components by means of a control device, according to a specified time sequence. (2) The operation unit is the core of the operator and can perform arithmetic calculations (e.g. add, reduce, multiply, exclude) and logical calculations (e.g., add, multiply)
The entire operation of the unit is directed by the control signal sent by the control unit. The unit consists mainly of arithmetic logic units (alu), accumulators, data buffers, state repositories and generic senders.
3) Storage units include cpu caches and senders groups, where data are temporarily stored in cpu, where data are kept awaiting processing or have been processed. The existence of the cpu is reduced by the number of cpu visits to memory, thus increasing the cpu cpu work normally in a circular manner, with each command cycle representing three main steps: command acquisition, command processing, and
Result storage. Instruction acquisition refers to cpu obtaining binary code commands from memory, representing specific tasks or exercises of cpu, controlling units to explain the instructions and determine the operation to be performed, and identifying specific cpu components for the task; instruction processing refers to cpu performing specified actions for the data obtained, which performs mathematical calculations, routing between the location of the memory or the memory.
Series comparison, data operation or data transfer; after executing a command, cpu may need to store the results in memory or update a specific register using new data.
Command register, command k (registry)
All basic orders (directives) understood and implemented by the cpu and their norms, mainly in the cisc and risc categories, are derived from a variety of cpu courts.
Broadly speaking, the command set is divided into complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc), which is designed to accomplish a complex basic function with one directive, which is designed to accomplish a basic “action” with one directive, and a complex basic function with multiple commands combined.
1) The cisc command set is mainly represented by the x86 architecture, with a strong single command function, thereby reducing the need for conversion between advanced languages (c-language, etc.) and machine languages, simplifying the development of software and compilers, but leading to more complex hardware design and higher performance. x86 architecture was first released by Intel in 1978, and amd joined in late 1990s.
By bit, the market is dominated by pc and servers. 2) The main structures of the RIS are arm, rsk-v, mips, power, alpha, loongarch, etc. Smaller, simpler, simpler instructions can simplify hardware and improve the speed of implementation of the instructions, and therefore less power.
The ideal choice for mobile devices and embedded systems, but at the same time, at the software development level, it requires more instructions to complete complex operations.
(3) cpu architecture is a bridge between the hardware level (processor core) and the software level (operational system) and is a soft and hard interactive "language". 1) Hardware level, cpunuclear (cpucore) is an independent, complete central processing unit, a hardware circuit for actual execution of instructions, operation and physical realization of the cpu structure, and must therefore be in accordance with the objectives.
The specification of the command set is designed and implemented, whereas cpu is the physical chip, which usually contains one or more cores, as well as peripheral components such as caches, bus interfaces, i/o controllers, which form complete computing units. 2) The software level, the operating system (operating system, os) is the link between user applications and hardware, which manages cpu's line schedule while applying it.
Programs provide uniform, easy-to-use interfaces, operating systems run on processor cores and rely on structures that need to be translated into catalogue machine codes for the tags set with a large number of sub-codes that interact directly with hardware, and must be tailored to the advantages and disadvantages of the specific cpu 15 mainstream operating system and compatible architecture
(4) At the hardware level, the performance of cpu has also been constantly evolving: the early reliance was mainly on the main frequency, followed by an increase in core density, ultra-linear technology, and advances in the hesitural structure and process. 1) cpu ' s main frequency refers to the clock frequency of the nuclear work in cpu, usually expressed in Hertz (hz) units.
The higher the cpu, the faster it usually works, the higher the main frequency from dozens of megahertz to around 4ghz between the 1990s and the beginning of the 21st century. But the main frequency is not equal to the number of instructions per second executed by the processor, because the execution of a directive may require multiple clock cycles (cpi), so while increasing the main frequency to increase the cpu, the speed of calculation is very high.
Yes, but not the only performance indicator, while HFs are often accompanied by higher power consumption and higher demand for evaporation. Intel and amd were launched successively, then upgraded to four, six, eight, and even stacked to the different cores of 16arm cpu map.
3) In addition to increasing core density, thread (thread) is one of the core indicators for cpu, i.e., the smallest mission unit performed by cpu, the ultra-line technology (hyper-threading, ht) was the first technology developed by Intel to simulate individual physical inner cores into multiple logical kernels through hardware guidance, allowing a core to handle multiple threads at the same time (generally two).
In the meantime, the chip production process is progressing, the smaller the node, the smaller the cpu, the smaller the size of the chip, the exponential increase in the number of transistors on the chip, and, by reducing the size of the transistor, the advanced process can significantly reduce power consumption.
A proxy process road map was released in April of that year, and the intel18a (equivalent 1.8nm) process node is about to be produced. Figure 17 Intel process road map (updated April 2025)
(1) By downstream application area, cpu applications cover desktops, mobiles, servers, workstations and embedded fields to meet different performance and power consumption needs. 1) Server cpu usually has more core and higher clock frequencies to support complex tasks such as high co-mutation, large data processing, and thus has higher demands on computing performance and stability.
Server cpu will also be equipped with more advanced error detection and correction mechanisms to ensure the stable operation of the system; 2) workstations cpu are generally used for graphics, computing workstations, usually below 10 nms, with high reliability and stability requirements, server and workstation chip teams are adapted to multitasking needs and can support two, four, eight or more by symmetrically overprocessing technologies
More cpu; 3) desktop level cpu is mainly used on personal computers (desktops, laptops, etc.), general desktop machines and laptop chip sets usually support only one cpu, with high performance and power to meet daily office and entertainment needs, including intel and amd; 4) mobile endcpu applications are mostly mobile, end-of-life smartphones, flatbeds, etc.
Mobile equipment, which requires longer duration and more stable performance with limited battery capacity, imposes strict requirements for cpu power consumption and reliability. Major manufacturers include apples, high connectivity, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Chinese and Samsung, etc.; 5) embedded cpu is used mainly in car electronics, industrial controls and automation, smart grids, etc., usually in embedded systems with low power consumption, high stability, etc.
High integration features to meet the needs of specific application scenarios. cpu performance indicators and characteristics by downstream application scenario in table 3 (2) The size of the domestic cpu market is expected to rise by 8 per cent in 2025, of which desktop level cpu is expected to rise by $248.4 billion on a year-on-year basis.
At $24.84 billion a year, with an annual compound growth rate of 8.46 per cent, the desktop level cpu occupied the main position, with 50 per cent in 2025, followed by mobile end cpu and server cpu. Figure 1820-2025e shows the size and speed of the domestic cpu market.
Figure 3 shows the ratio of the country ' s downstream application areas in cpu in 1925: (3) cpu is the core server processor, the number of global servers delivered is expected to reach 14.3 million in 2025, the acceleration of the delivery and share of the i server is a powerful boost to overall server demand, the global ai service in 2025
An increase of 24.3 per cent is expected in the volume of goods delivered, with a 17.3 per cent increase expected in the fourth quarter of 2025 in the volume of goods delivered by the i server. cpu is responsible for the control and dispatch of the server, managing the resources of the entire system, running the operating system while playing an important role in the pre-processing of data, tasking and processing of non-ai logical tasks, and the uploading of the cargo by the server has triggered the cpu requirements of the server.
Growth, since 2023, the volume of global server shipments has been rising year by year, with an increase of between 7.52 per cent and 14.3 million in 2025 and 16.1 million in 2027, with a significant increase in server demand influenced by the pull of the one server.
The volume as a percentage of overall server delivery is also expected to rise from 11.1 per cent of the total of 2025q1 to 17.3 per cent of the total of 2025q4 as shown in figure 202021-2027e for global server delivery and acceleration (4) pc markets (including notebooks and desktop machines) return to recovery orbit, pulling back the desktop level cpu demand and warming it back up.
Aipc penetration accelerates the demand for pull-overs, and the share of domestic aipc exports is expected to reach 34% in 2025. In recent years, ai ' s rapid ecosystem development will accelerate the landing of hardware and software at the edge and end of the border, increasing consumer and business demand for higher hardware performance, further boosting the demand for pc-changes, according to Omdia, 2023 Aipc seepages on mainland China.
The penetration rate is only 3 per cent, and is expected to rise to 34 per cent in 2025, and 76 per cent in 2029, and cpu's performance will continue to be raised (5) Domestic demand for information and communications technology (ICT) has further boosted the boom in the hardware industry, such as cpu, which in 2026 is expected to grow by 38.60 per cent to $788.95 billion.
Development strategies to address information security are designed to build a secure and controlled information technology ecosystem, including technological innovations in infrastructure such as pc, servers, network equipment, storage facilities, databases, intermediates, etc. based on home-grown chips and operating systems, through an autonomous development of an IT infrastructure consisting of information hardware such as pc, servers, network equipment, etc.
Storage equipment, chips, etc., and basically, the overall solution of the message is to solve the problem of the “cricket” in the development of our information industry by building a home-grown ecological system with a focus on cpu and operating systems, guaranteeing the production, availability, control and security of the entire national production information technology system. In 2020, the State Council issued " Promotion of Integration in the New Period "
A number of policies for the high-quality development of the circuit and software industries require 70 per cent self-sufficiency of our chips in 2025. Since 2020, we have embarked on a comprehensive roll-out of our information technology, and the hardware product system has been initially constructed. With technological innovation, the performance of the products in question has been further improved and accepted by downstream clients, and the party politics and industry innovation of 2024 have re-entered.
The fast track, coupled with the replacement of communications in key areas nearing the target point, has also led to a significant increase in the relevant bidding and project schedule, leading to a significant increase in the demand for national production cpu. 2.3.wintel and aaa Ecomonopoly Markets, accelerated breakdown of national production cpu
(1) The two most widely applied structures in the lower cpu market are x86 and Arm, respectively, and as a result, two major ecological systems have been constructed: the Wintel ecology, which focuses on servers and desktops, and the aa ecology, which focuses on mobile ends.
The wintel system serves mainly the desktop and server cpu market, while the aa system focuses on the mobile end cpu market, which is compatible with the global hardware and software, and builds a solid interest chain that attracts many upstream and downstream producers to build and develop around their ecology, thus creating a very high rate of municipal occupancy and a strong exclusionary effect.
(2) In terms of the global market, the server and desktop level cpu markets are now largely occupied by the main manufacturers of the x86 structure, intel and md, where the market of the intel has gradually been seized, competition has been increasing, and the market share of the non-x86cpu (e.g., the arm under the rsc command series) has been rising.
Essentially occupied by Intel, its server share in cpu in 2018 was more than 98 per cent, while in recent years, amd continued to erode its share, particularly at the server and desktop end cpu market, with a strong performance of non-x86 structure manufacturers represented by the arm structure, such as the market share of arm
Annually, the global share of domestic producers, such as sealight, dragon cores, and magnified cores, is still to be broken. In 2025, the share of md in server cpu markets is expected to rise to 36.1%, and the share of arm in x86 in the second quarter of the year is expected to rise to a new high of 32.2%, and the ring is 4.2 billion more than in the first quarter.
Points. In the future, in the server and desktop-level cpu markets, while the x86 structure will remain dominant in the short term, the city-to-city gap between the amd and the intel will be further reduced, while the market share of the cpu, instead of the x86 structure, is expected to continue to rise. (3) The domestic cpu market is also largely dominated by intel, amd. Intel and amd largely dominate the domestic cpu.
The market, which together accounts for 80% of the market share, is also active in the cpu market, where national producers such as Hua dynasty, dragon core, sealight, and mammoth cores have made significant progress, gradually breaking the monopoly of foreign manufacturers in the cpu market. (4) Intel continues to dominate the cpu market, but is facing intense competition in md and the challenge of apples in the high end.
Intel is increasing its market competitiveness by continuously optimizing processors (18a, etc.), introducing a new generation of aipc processor pantherlake and a top 6 server-oriented processor. Intel was founded in 1968, initially developing storage chips, entering the processor industry in the 1980s, using the idm model, and x86 architecture cpu was first developed by intel.
Launched in 1978 (Intel named cpu in a digital format at the end of 86). Since then, Intel has launched a series of processors such as Pentium, Core, Xeon, Toom, Coreultra, for desktop levels, servers, workstations, embedding, etc.
The “tick-tock” chip technology development strategy, which rotates the process (tick) over two years, focuses on reducing the size of the transistor and optimizing the existing architecture, and the microstructure (tock), which focuses on structural innovation to enhance performance, with the aim of phasing down technological risks and maintaining product rotation. Since 2005, the Intel process has been improving from 65nm.
Up to 32 nm, 22 nm, 14 nm, etc., and running through the nehalem, Sandy Bridge, Haswell, etc. from a cool microstructure, the original cycle became difficult to maintain after entering the 10 nm node, and the three-step strategy of “programming-structure-optimization” (pao) was announced in 2016, the “tick-tock” strategy was phased out, and the “tick-tock” strategy was phased out in 202510
On 24th, Intel officially announced the end of the "tick-tock" iterative model, where the 18a process will be applied to at least three generations of customers and server products. At present, in the face of competitors like amd, in order to secure market ownership, Intel is continuing to make excellent chemical processes, while keeping aipc in the desktop market, a new generation of aipc processors will be launched.
Lake and enhance market competitiveness in the server market through, for example, a top six processor.(5)amd ' s cpu product is also X86-structured, but through the advanced processor advantage of binding power from the station, the continued rotation of the zen-structure has broken the monopoly of intel in the cpu market.
In 2014, amd launched the x86-based server processor X4-suppliers (opteron) and pc-suppliers (athlon) to further increase the market share, but after a short period of loss and pressure from intel, following the acquisition of aati to expand the gpu business.
The processor, with its Zen structure, regained market competitiveness, bridging the performance gap with the intel and opting to separate the manufacturing business, focused on the Fables model, switching from Grofons to power generation in 2018 for replacement, and currently the cpu product of the amd is comparable to the intel in performance and some products are more price-effective, and is currently the main product in the server field, amd.
Launched the pyc series cpu, launched the Dragon 9 series in the desktop-level area, and rapidly expanded market share to become a powerful contender of Intel in the aipc area. (6) National producers of cpu are currently divided into three main routes: X86 sealight information, arm;
The size of the structure, the feng; and the core core core of the self-research command set, the Schenway, etc... Since it is difficult for the country to construct the software ecology around its main cpu command set for a short period of time, and since IT security autonomy is imminent, some manufacturers have chosen to introduce them into the relatively mature overseas command set (x86, arm) and further design the cpu core themselves (of which arm is on a sub-decree basis).
The rights model, currently available in version V9, with domestic firms authorized to do so, can significantly reduce user migration costs while supporting mainstream operating systems, databases, virtual platforms, or cloud computing platforms at home and abroad.
The sw-64 architecture, with a higher degree of security control, is still to be developed. 1) Sealight Information, with its full x86 command source code, which is cross-authorised by the amd in 2016, can be expanded on its own to follow up on the development of the sealight itself by expanding the national c86 command system through a core set of instructions.
Series, Compatible x86 command set, and international mainstream operating systems and applications. Despite the late start of the sealight cpu, the product is more robust, ecologically rich in applications, and can continue to develop autonomously. 2) The mega-core x86 is authorized from via (Wisen Electronic), and since its inception in 2013, it has been successfully developed autonomously and developed.
Volume production of multi-purpose processor products, and formation of two major preliminary pc/inline processor and " opener " server processor (3) products, including the kunpeng processor series for the server end and the kim (kirin)soc series for the cellular end, compatible with the arm command set, 9,000 for the global first 5 nm5gsoc.
Newly upgraded coltex-a77cpu, 920 being industry's first 7nm data centre processor, based on 920 series, and the introduction of taishan 200 servers, etc., are suitable for efficient acceleration of work loads for high performance computing, databases, cloud computing, etc.
4) Flying cpu compatible with the 64-bit armv8 command set, with high performance processors including high performance servers cpu (flying clouds series), high efficiency desktop cpu (flying sharp d series), high end embedding cpu (flying totems e series) and flying xpu series of four major series, which can provide core computing support for equipment from the end to the cloud.
5) Schenwicpu introduced the alpha command set in early, and later expanded the self-researched sw-64 command set, which currently includes high-performance multi-trace processor applications 26010, high-performance single-nuclear processor applications 111, high-performance multi-nuclear processor applications 421. The first supercomputer in the country, built with a national processor, is the first super-computer in the world, the light of Lake Ta.
7) The share of the national product cpu is now over 60%, of which the Chinese account for the first echelon, and the Sealight Service account for a relatively high share. Currently, the six-Power producer cpu is approaching global leadership in terms of design capacity.
At the same time, the software ecology is gradually improving, and the boom in the credit market under the State’s promotion policy has led to a demand for a national product, cpu. On 5 July 2024, China Telecom issued the China Telecommunications Servers (2024-2025) Centralized Procurement Project, a pre-qualification announcement, which estimated the purchase of 156,000 servers, with a total of 10.53 million Chinese products in a series, with a share.
67.5%. According to the announcement issued by the Central State Agency ' s Government Procurement Centre from January to November 2025 on the winning bid for the central State Agency ' s 2025 bulk and bulk computer procurement project, the total value of the winning bid was RMB 244 million, of which the ratio of state-produced desktop computers was 60.51%, while the first echelon was Chinese and Sealight 26.15%, respectively.
And 20.24 per cent of the products are leading in performance and relatively high unit prices. The number of orders in the party-initiated market is larger, at 3.88 per cent and 6.43 per cent, respectively, but they remain active in the commercial market; the mounds and Shenwei have competitive advantages, but they need to be further developed in product performance and ecological development.
(8) The country ' s current performance requirements for cpu are constantly improving, bringing the overall national product cpu pattern to six manufacturers, promoting enterprises to strengthen R & D and moving the industry out of low-level and repeated competition towards a new phase of high-quality development with technological autonomy and ecological prosperity, while the national producer of cpu is opening up open markets for commercialization outside the political sphere.
On September 16, 2025, the Central State Agency’s Public Procurement Centre issued a circular on updating the central state agency’s standards for the configuration of desktop computers and bulk purchases of portable computers, which means that the country’s IT procurement is no longer “workable” and has entered a new phase of high-quality development, “good quality, ecologically dominant.”
According to the standards, in addition to the intel and amd brands, the core hardware of cpu is limited to the six enterprises listed above, while multiple thresholds have been set for the model, main frequency, physical nuclei of each manufacturer's product, and the procurement budget has been capped to shift from “cpu and critical components such as operating systems should meet the requirements for a safe and reliable evaluation” to a mandatory one, and the results of the evaluation are available.
The period of effectiveness requires suppliers to continuously follow up on the upgrading of their certifications through technology overlaps. The implementation in 2025 of the Periphery Pc Configuration Standard marked a shift in the development dynamics of the IT industry from a “policy-led” to a “technology-driven and market-selection” two-wheel model, for manufacturers, where the core of competition would shift to technological strength and product value, rather than to business relations or price wars.
cpu manufacturers are also constantly exploring commercial markets, creating ecological closures, competing for open market shares based on autonomous control over value for money, and accelerating the process of national production substitution.
3.1. Self-research command set and ip nuclear build core competitiveness, and value for money spread. (1) The dragon core processor was first developed in 2001 and was the first common cpu to be developed in the country.
The Division has started a market-based operation, which, based on application needs, continues to drive the development and industrialization of the dragon core processor. The company chip consists of a combination of three series of corer chips, the dragon core two, and the bridge chip, and is based on two main lines of the information system and the engineering and control system.
1) The Heart 1 series is a dedicated chip tailored to the application needs, designed for low-capacity, low-cost mcu (microcontrol) for use in object networking terminals, instrumentation equipment, data collection equipment, etc., and has been introduced in recent years for electric power-driven special chip 1c0203 etc.:
2) The Loch 2 series is a low-power generic processor for soc chips in areas such as industrial control and terminals, for industrial control equipment, network equipment, industrial end smart equipment, etc., and in recent years has introduced printer-specific chips 2p0500 and 2p0300, multifunctional soc chip 2k0300 based on the la264 processor core, generic 8 nuclear soc for industrial control applications, etc.
Chip 2k3000 et al.: 3) Dragon core 3 series is a generic processor for information-processing areas such as desktops and servers and high-end engineering control applications. 3a6000 of the 4th Generation Microstructure First Processor, 3c60000, also based on la664 for servers, has been introduced in recent years.
A generic 8-nucleic chip for mobile terminals, 3b6,000 m (different envelopes with 2k3,000 based on the same silicon). Complemented chips include a self-researched gpu-based processor with a solo bridge 7a1000, 7a2000 and a power clock (2) with advanced, compatible, modularized and expanded structure, guaranteeing the autonomy of the bottom command set as a source.
Controllable. Cpu and the operating system form the core foundation of the information industry, where command systems, ippu production processes, etc., are the core elements that ensure the sound development and sustainability of the industry. Cpu and the operation of the operating system are both inseparable from the command system, and only through real, autonomous innovation from the source of the command system can the information industry be removed completely.
The company has always been committed to the autonomous control of command systems, ip nuclei, and production processes, and to the creation of a third set of information industry eco-technology systems that are not dependent on external technical authorizations and that are not constrained by offshore supply chains. In 2020, the company officially issued an autonomous command system, the Dragon Architecture.
(loongarch), while ensuring a high degree of autonomy, takes full account of the compatibility needs of mainstream global applications and builds up the top open-source ecosystem with x86/arm. At the advanced level, the dragon architecture incorporates the advanced technology that has been developed in recent years to improve the efficiency of the code; at the compatibility level, the dragon architecture combines the key features of x86, arm, etc., and is efficient.
Support for binary translation (achievement of x86/arm transliteration of instruction); modularization, which includes elements such as basic architecture, binary translation extensions, virtual extension and vector extension; expansion, which leaves room for a grid of command to facilitate the system of autonomous command of the structure of Ts34
(3) The core ip core in the company processor product is developed autonomously, which can save significantly ip purchase costs, while self-research ip accumulation can significantly reduce the cost of ip upgrades. ip kernel, the intellectual property kernel, is a proven, recyclable, and certain defined circuit module. cpu ' s design capability is mainly reflected in the design capabilities of the internal ip in the chip, including cpu
Nuclears, gpu nuclears, high-speed interfaces, internal bus lines, memory structures, etc., and good ip nuclear energy is now more efficient at the same production level and one of the key factors determining cpu performance. The company is now autonomously developing five generations of cpu nuclear, two generations of gpu nuclear, multiple connections and interfaces.
And a common computing structure, used in 2k3000. An improved version of lg200 supports a higher version of opangl and allows for a higher 3d processing performance. Pop self-research can enhance the efficiency of corporate chip development inputs, saves the cost of ip purchasing, and significantly reduces the cost of ip upgrades (e.g. an upgrade of the memory interface controller from ddr4 to ddr5.)
Multichips can be reused by the workload of 10 person-years. Various specifications repository piles, pll, ddr2/3/4-phy, ht-phy, pcle-phy, custom modules
Combo-phy (4) Self-design of five series cores, continuously increasing cpu mononucleic performance over time, La864 development of five series cores, self-design of source code, continuous maintenance of each processor's nuclear series as application requirements change
The process is moving forward, and the new processor nuclear series is also being designed for validation. In product development, companies tend to be in mature engineering architecture, la664 vs. amdzen2 architecture. By the first half of 2025, the la664 processor has been successful in the flow of chips in the 3c6000 series, and the la364 modified processor has been successful in the flow of 2k3,000.
The development of the intergenerational high performance processor nuclear la864, which focuses on optimizing the efficiency of the nuclear implementation of the processor, will be further upgraded to build on the existing ones and will be integrated for the first time into the next generation of the core processor 3b6600, with the current nuclear code of the la864 processor near-freezing, imitating performance in line with expectations and entering the stage of physical design realization.
The company is the only company in the country that has a nuclear authorization for serial cpuip, and now supports other countries.
The company has taken full advantage of the intellectual property rights of cpuip, and has now been authorized to some of its partners to use the la364 series, which can be used for the ip authorization of strategic clients and soc design services, and has been opened for authorization (la464, la664 series cpu only for its own use).
By the third quarter of 2025, substantial progress had been made, followed by the creation of a new generation of cpu, represented by the Three Musketeers and the Three Swords, which had made decisive progress.
The three swordsmen are 3a6,000+7a2000, 3c6,000, 2k3,000/3b6000m, of which 2k3,000 and 3b6,000m are based on different encapsulation versions of the same silicon, for the fields of industrial control applications and mobile terminals, respectively, and for the areas of 2k0300, 1c0203 and 2p03.
Essentially product-based, most chips have been or are beginning to enter the market. 1) The value of the three swordsmen is more than three times the value of the previous generation's product, and the company will be fully competitive with the new generation of generic cpu, consolidate the desktop cpu office system application market, expand the business system application market, and boost the server cpu
(i) Desktop processor 3a6,000 performances that go beyond the intel cool 10 generation processors and are now winning a new round of government-based innovation, with a 60 per cent increase in single nucleics, a doubling of multiple nucleics and a significant reduction in costs. 3a6,000 at the main frequency is less than the intel cool.
In the case of the wise 10 generation processor i3-10100 (2020q2 roll-out, 14nm process node), the overall performance was exceeded. The market for desktop cpu’s political message showed a certain value-for-money advantage, and the number of hits in the new cycle was slightly higher than expected. (ii) Server processor 3c6000 series was able to reach third-generation to robust expansionary architecture levels with full value
By contrast, the application of units such as focus storage servers leads to an open market. The server processor's 3c6,000 series was released in June 2025, with a single silicon package of 16 la664 processors cores, supported by 32 logical cores supported by a multi-twice procession, based on the Dragonlink technology (longsoncoherentlink), which supports three different silicon seals (s/d/q)
In the area of servers, the company actively explores the market for specialized servers based on the 3c6000 series of cpu, network security devices, password servers, etc. (where the storage server is not just close to the server computing centre).
Half of them, with low ecological barriers to software and rapid breakthroughs through value-for-money advantages, have now developed several typical applications, such as the 3c6000 all-key award for more than 500 intelligence-based servers in the Hong Kong SAR. (iii) 2k3,000 and 3b6,000 m, respectively, are in the field of industrial control and mobile terminals, are in the national inventory and are safe.
Head terminals and embedded enterprises are imported by level two. 2k3000/3b60000m were released in June 2025, integrated into the upgraded la364 processor core of the integrated surface, integrated into the second generation of self-research gpgpu, lig200, graphic performance multiplied.
List of countries of entry, safe and reliable level II, supporting hundreds of enterprise-wide projects to develop 3b6,000 m-based cloud terminals, notebooks, pc and 2k3,000-based engineering and control products, which are currently subject to the relevant project. 2) Products such as the Three-Step Force have, on the one hand, an autonomous control advantage in key industries such as printers (2p0500 are)
The first domestic printer, based on an autonomous command system, controls the chips, and, on the other hand, uses a value-for-money advantage in industries with lower barriers to software ecology, which leads to radiation opening up markets and overseas markets. The company promotes the creation of a printer master control chip and creates a pre-emptive and value-for-money advantage.
On July 1, 2025, the China Information Security Monitoring and Assessment Centre explicitly incorporated the i-training reasoning chip and the master control chip mounted by lasers or inkjet printers into the security and reliability evaluation, with a formal autonomy requirement. The company printer chip 2p0500 is the first in the country based printer master chip, based on an autonomous command system, and 2p0300 is a low-cost printer master control chip, in January 2025.
Quarterly fluids have been successful, with an extremely high value for money, and head printer companies have launched a 2p0300-based printer. In addition, in opening the market, companies have continued to support industry chain partners, especially head odm in embedded areas, to develop card products based on a new generation of cpu.
(v3.0) Secure and reliable measurements primarily for central processors (cpu), artificial intelligence training reasoning chips, operating systems, databases, and laser or ink printing on board computer terminals and servers.
By assessing the core technical, safety, and sustainability of the products and their R & D units, assessing their safety and sustainability and achieving a comprehensive measurement and objective evaluation of their safety and reliability throughout their life cycle, such as design, manufacture, supply security, and post-sale maintenance.
(vii) At present, the main contradictions in corporate development have shifted from the research and development end to the market end, so value for money will be the preferred direction for companies to focus on. In the priority chip development project over the next three years, the end application chip will be fine-tuned around the next generation (fifth generation).
Building research and development, with a 30-50 per cent increase in value for the value of the value of the unit, and with a 50-100 per cent increase in the value of the server application chip on the market of the server server and gpgpu, based on the level of single-nuclear performance that has been mainstreamed. The terminal application chip includes 2p1000 for desktop cpu and full-functional high-performance printer, and 3b6600 units of nuclear performance that are about 50 per cent higher than the level of 3a6,000.
9a1,000 graphic performances will match the rx550, 2p1000 to 2p0300. Server chip applications include mature process 16 nuclear low-cost server/work-controlled cpu chip 3c3000, xnm advanced process 32 server core 3c70000 (or first 1xnm process 16 nuclear 3c6600), high performance gpgpu chip 9a2000, bmc specialised
Chips 2c0500 and pcie interfaces 7b3000. Corporate operations are expected to enter a new growth cycle. 3.2. Build the top open-source ecosystem with binary translation compatible mainstream applications (1) loongarch has become the top open-source ecosystem of the international open-source community alongside x86, arm, etc.
The Division has the capacity to maintain important open source software independently, becoming a de facto defender in multiple open source communities. The real difficulty of autonomous command systems is to build an upper software ecology, to build a loongarch branch in the upstream community, to maintain the Loongarch source code, and to “anti-feed” open-source communities, with support from the upstream open-source community, the loongarch ecology will follow.
Auto-evolved communities can greatly enrich support for the Loongarch software version and significantly reduce software migration adaptation. Open Source International (gnu) has defined a unique number (elfmachineid) for all command systems to represent software.
Communities become de facto maintainers. The main core module of the Open Source Operating System (Linux) has received Loongarch sub-codes, and there are more than 100 international open source software projects containing the Loongarch branch code.
(2) The Lodge Operating System implements an ecological model based on upstream community-based technology, publishing basic operating systems to support business and custom-based development. The company invests in eco-building in open-source upstream communities, publishing basic operating systems (e.g., loongnix), and supports commercial operating system manufacturers in developing product distributions (e.g., the Unidrogate Operating System uos, the Iridium Operations Department).
Synchronize kylinos, Fongde operating system nfschinaros, supporting the roll-out of the long architecture version (e.g., loonghong) in the communities of operating systems such as Ora, iguana and Hong Men, and supporting companies such as cloud producers, oem and others to develop customized versions of their operating systems according to demand.
Loongnix-server, loongnix-client, and loongnix-clud are product systems for servers, individual computers, and cloud computing. Loongos is an operating system of industrial controls with streamlined, efficient, real-time features, based on the universal linux kernel, using rt-linux technology for real-time use.
The linux basic software system, which is parallel to the x86/arm system, has been developed for the basic application of the 41loongnix ecological model (3). Currently, the dragon architecture is fully supported by the major international software open-source communities associated with the command system, and is supported by the Unanimous Trust, the Valium, the Ora, and the Ora.
The Department has also issued guidelines on the structure of the integrated system for core cpu, which achieves cpu intergenerational compatibility and inter-boarding compatibility of the operating system. (4) The company addresses the migration of applications of x86 and arm through horizontal compilation and binary translation techniques.
Compatibility with mainstream applications. The binary translation technology is the technology that translates one command set of software into another command set and makes it work efficiently.
It contains binary translation extensions to support the efficient translation of hard core binary translations into other binary instructions. Figure 43 Dragon core binary translation structures (5) The hard core printer-driven compatibility program solves the common printer-deficient problem of lack of driver support for the linux system.
When the linux system is applied to desktop office applications, it has long been affected by a lack of printer-driven support, a large number of common printers have lacked linux-driven support, and the company has developed a core printer-driven engine that can deliver most printer-driven support on the linux platform. More than 6,000 printer models are currently supported, covering HP and Jiao.
The company has set up a core ecological platform, a one-stop ecological portal to provide ecological partners with access to information, technical questions and answers, and product distribution.
In December 2024, it was upgraded to a core ecosystem platform, which was officially launched and provided services to the outside world. The core ecology platform aims at building a one-stop ecological portal for the ecological partners, providing them with access to information, technical questions and answers, publishing products, etc., and helping them to “be aware of the core, understanding it, and finally using it”.
The online sections include chip products, basic software, reference design, technical support, eco-building, easy access platforms for log-core ecological partners and core-based product demonstration platforms.
(b) In the area of education and ecology, the company is carrying out ecological projects aimed at specialized education in higher education, basic education in primary and secondary education, and has set up the Community for the Integration of Information Technology and Autonomy in order to promote the construction of the IT industry.
The Division selects a representative set of basic, core and ' optional courses from the system of specialized courses in computer and electronic information in higher education, develops a range of specialized courses for general higher education and higher vocational education in cooperation with recognized national higher education institutions, and promotes the building of relevant curriculum resources based on the Dragon Structure; 2) targets primary and secondary schools and companies for information technology applications
(c) In addition, the company, together with the Beijing Transport University and the Shenzhen University of Vocational Technology, has taken the lead in the establishment of a Community for the Integration of Information Technology and Autonomous Innovative Industries.
Promotion of the INTEL examination evaluation, the development of resources for ISIT teaching, and the development of a series of materials and teaching aids based on the Dragon Architecture series for the deepening of the “Standing Certificates”
Based on the business splitting disclosed in the company bulletin, we split the operations of the middle core section into information chip, engineering chip, solution and other operations and make profit predictions, respectively: (1) information chip: $165 million in the first three quarters of 2025.
The main chip, which was slightly higher than expected this year, was accompanied by a marked upturn in demand in the e-government market, with the company's rising share of the table cpu, while the company's constant expansion of the server cpu market, which had already been typically broken, and the opening of the market, which would be based on 3c6000 chips, focusing first on the barriers to network storage, password servers, etc.
With regard to the Māori rate, the current cost of product bridging packages is still high, and it is expected that the four seasons of low-cost new bridges will lead to a significant recovery in the Māori rate of the information chip. We expect that the company ' s IT chip has gone beyond the year 2024 industry-controlled chip harvest, with a Māori ratio of 64.81 per cent, an increase of 14.27 percentage points.
The growth of the market for secure applications in the traditional niche areas of the company, a secure and reliable system of the company and ownership of the zero-services system have been achieved and market dominance has been maintained; the need for autonomy in areas such as cybersecurity, energy, transport, manufacturing has also been strengthened, the creation of printer master chip messages has been facilitated, and the company's autonomous and controllable advantages can facilitate industrial control.
In addition, a new generation of corporate products has a value-for-money advantage, and companies have supported industry chain partners in embedded applications, especially in embedded areas, head-line odm, in the development of card products based on a new generation of cpu, radiation, open markets and overseas markets, and continue to drive printers, flow sheets, power drivers through dedicated solutions.
The rate of interest was 46.42%, an increase of 22.38 percentage points over the same period. As the company’s chip sales warmed, the company adjusted its product structure, restricted the sale of whole-stage solutions, and proactively reduced the sale of card-based solutions.
The company's main business is the cpu chip, and we've chosen sealight information, cold martial arts, glorified technology, and technology as comparable companies. As of 21 November, the average of the above-mentioned companies in 2025-2027 was 396, 150, 87 times the average, taking into account that the company is a self-controlled cpu manufacturer for scarce instructions in the country and that the value of the product is higher and is currently in policy.
The transition to an open market, benefiting from the current age context in which national product cpu autonomously requires upgrading, takes into account the need for higher R & D inputs in the lead-up to the cpu, gpu chip enterprise, some of which have a certain scale of sales but have a risk that product R & D and certification are not as fast as expected: companies have multiple chip products in the stream phase and have
(ii) Geopolitical risk: Central American relations are currently at a game stage, semiconductor-related policies are not yet clear, and corporate performance is further affected if tensions escalate further or lead to increased risks in domestic semiconductor supply chains;
(3) The market is not as open as expected: there is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific proposals or views expressed in this report, if the company ' s products are not as advanced as expected in the open market, or if they affect the company ' s product series, using legally compliant data and data information, carefully draw conclusions and produce the present report in an independent and objective manner.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.