China Construction (601668.sh)
s105522060002 huangjw@cfsc.com.cn is a State-owned backbone in the construction sector of the country, with performance
In more than 100 countries and territories, the business layout covers investment development, engineering, survey design, etc. q1-q3 of 2022, the company ' s gross operating income was sound, the real estate business was under pressure, with a 9.3 per cent reduction in revenue on the same date.
The company has the highest level of business and a strong leader among the top eight construction companies. The company has maintained a net asset rate of about 16% over the last decade, led eight long-term buildings, and the housing capital city is still rising, with a strong resilience recovery in real estate.
In the construction business, the firm's orders in new areas have been strengthened in recent years: $265.5 billion in new contracts in industrial plants in the first three quarters of 2022, compared to the previous year.
96.6 per cent increase; new contracts in the area of educational facilities, $11.54 billion, 48 per cent more than the previous year, and higher orders in the field of housing, which led to a reversal in the volume of new orders for housing as a whole.
Quarterly, the company seized the policy opportunity of “moderate ahead-of-the-road investment in infrastructure”, focusing on areas of policy support such as transport, environmental protection, energy, water, etc., achieving a 30.9% increase in the value of new contracts for capital operations.
In 2022, company real estate contracts were sold by 4.9% on a year-on-year basis, but in the second half of the year they performed well.
The company’s real-estate business is significantly superior to that of other firms, and it is expected to further increase its market share as the industry clears out. When the value of the company is properly revalued, the company’s marketization is high/priced.
On 21 November 2022, the Chairman of the CSRC was able to fill the 2022 Financial Street Forum with a proposal to “explore a valuation system with Chinese characteristics and promote better functioning of market resource allocation”. In January 2023, the National Finance Committee was convened.
At the meeting of heads of enterprises, the system was adjusted from a "two-sip 4" to a "one-sip 5" rate, and the Roe alternative net interest rate and the operating cash ratio replaced the operating income as the test criteria.
The company is in the forefront of the market in the construction firm, as evidenced by: 1) the company implemented a restrictive equity incentive scheme in 2013, the first of the eight construction firms.
The company entered December 23, 2020 with a fourth phase of a restricted equity scheme, with 2765 incentives and 912.36 million shares, requiring a composite growth rate for roe/net profit deductions.
Less than 12.7 per cent; 2) several subsidiaries are listed, such as China Construction International (0331.hk), China Overseas Development, China Construction Growth, etc., are construction subsidiaries of China, and the market value of both parent companies and three listed subsidiaries remains stable
In the broader context of the revalued value of the company, Roe has long been a leader in other buildings, and the valuation level has been at an absolute low level since it was listed. As of 2023, the value of the company has been revalued.
The rate of 4.11 per cent and the rate of dividends was the highest among the eight major construction firms. In addition, public (1) related projects were not as advanced as expected; (2) investments were not as high as expected; and (3) industry.
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research in building materials and three years of experience in building materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.