Construction in China (60168.sh) Capital construction has increased by 42% and real estate sales have taken the lead in warming.
On 15 February, the company issued a business brief for January 2023, with a 12.3 per cent increase in the value of new contracts for the company ' s construction operations in January, with a 6.2 per cent/41.6 per cent/3.8 per cent increase in the value of new contracts for construction/capital/develop design in January and a 13.8 per cent increase in the value of the company ' s real estate contracts in January and a sale of contracts in January.
(a) New contracts opened in January and new capital contracts increased. The company opened in January with a new contract for construction, which amounted to $317.1 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous year, reflecting a 41.6 per cent increase in capital contracts, reflecting the accelerated landing of capital projects, the competitiveness of the corporate infrastructure sector, which is still expected to remain higher than the industry, the continued increase in market share, and 2) real estate sales are warming back in the first place, reversing the trend.
The company is expected to be more active than last year in terms of production and sales repairs and a reduction in its stock storage. 3) Investment proposals: firm construction is resilient, new contracts open in January, new capital contracts are opened, corporate infrastructure is competitive, companies are expected to remain faster than industry, and market shares continue to rise.
Figure 3: China’s accumulated newly signed contracts for building houses and their rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Significant increases in major project contracts and continuous improvement in project structure. On 31 January, companies issued a major project announcement, with $121.96 billion in contracts for major projects in January, representing a significant increase of about 40 per cent over the same period last year (estimated on the basis of the interval between the two major contracts).
New contracts (including municipalities, industrial parks, urban complexes, urban renewal projects) amount to $66.36 billion, or 53 per cent of major contracts, and new capital and energy projects amounting to $10.42 billion, or 8 per cent of major contracts.
Real estate sales recovered and contract sales grew by 13.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in contract sales of $18.7 billion in January, an increase of 13.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and contract sales of 890,000 square metres, an increase of 3.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The company ' s real estate development products were concentrated in second-line cities, with higher average sales prices and net population inflows supporting demand for commodity houses. Corporate contract sales fell by 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, far better than national real estate.
Figure 8: The size and speed (in thousands of square metres, per cent) of China’s construction property contract sales continue to decline, and the downside is still strong. As the rate of decolonization of the real estate industry decreases, the absolute value of the company’s new land reserves drops, with 32 per cent of the value of the company’s land holdings falling by the same year in 2022, and 1,419 million square metres less in hand storage than at the end of January 2022.
Increase in land reserves of 370,000 square metres (up from 0 during the same period in the previous year) and decrease in stock stocks as property sales are restored, and the company is expected to gain ground compared to figure 10: China ' s construction bill months of new land reserves and cumulative growth (in thousands of squares of strong construction operations, maintenance of robust growth in the value of new construction contracts, high growth in the value of new capital contracts and robust operation of the property),
Macroeconomic downside risks, the risk of deep adjustment of the real estate sector, and the risk of state-owned reforms moving ahead at a slower pace than expected. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party; authors have not studied them in the past, now, or in the future.