3-quarter review 2021: Rapid income growth, sustained on November 01, 2021, Research Assistant Wang Shijie
The company issued a three-quarterly report in 2021, with operating income of 3,121 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 33.48 per cent in the same year, a net profit for the mother of 684 million yuan, an increase of 60.78 per cent in the same year, an increase of 60.78 per cent in the net profit for the non-mother of the company, a short-term pressure on non-net profits: a rapid increase in revenue in the first three quarters of 2021
This is mainly due to the increased demand for downstream financial markets, such as regulatory innovation, and the digital demand of financial institutions. Non-net profits have increased at a lower rate than the previous year’s epidemic, mainly because the cost of the same period has grown considerably over the last year’s epidemic, and the expansion of the company’s staff and the increase in salaries, while the main share-holding schemes have been the ones.
This cost has been amortized since July of the current quarter. Thus, the lower rate of growth in corporate non-net profits is temporarily the fastest increase in the operation of the Big Manager, and the effect of the M & As on data risks and infrastructure operations is evident: operationally, in the first three quarters of 2021, the Big Manager, the fastest increase in revenue was the same increase.
52.18 per cent. The new product of the Big Manager's IT operation is well promoted, with o45 new signatures and online customers, especially in the banking sector. Data risk and infrastructure business receipts increased by 51.75 per cent in the first three quarters of 2021. Of this amount, Guangzhou, which was previously acquired by the company, was well integrated.
It is beginning to emerge that the integrated data platform system has 12 new customers.
A series of events, such as piloting, public fund-raising reits, and letter-making, will provide a wide market space for financial-it manufacturers. Financial institutions are more sticky to the system, and they will not easily replace it for reasons of safety and convenience.
Stronger and higher barriers to competition, with continued robust performance expected in the context of rapid financial sector development
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: innovation in financial sector reform, demand for it construction is expected to increase gradually, e-commerce is a leading industry in financialit, barriers are high, and we believe that our performance is expected to hold on to new opportunities 2021-09-08
And that led to a decline in corporate performance, a stock-holding scheme for securitiesit model workers, a support company leader, and a long-term development of 2020-12-10.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board