We're on the line at the Wallau Foundation to launch a new era in management of technology - an event review on Hensen Electronics (600570).
On December 22, 2021, the Hensen Electronic Micro-Credit Public released the message that the Hennessing New Generation Asset Management System O45 was officially launched at the Huabao Fund.o45 was successfully launched at the Huabao Fund, opening a new era in the management of technology in the Fund's industry.
As early as February 20, 20, 2019, the Huabao Foundation signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation with the company and started to create a new generation of core investment management platforms (millions of dollars).
On December 20, 20, 2021, the project team went online for 21 months at the beginning of the Fund's industry, which means that the Fund's new science and technology era is officially opened.
Main process integration and terminal integration in the annual digital transformation plan. o45 is a new generation of distributed asset management systems, with a complete upgrading of product characteristics o45 is based on a new generation of distributed microservices technology base, open and expanded
Strong features, in system architecture, coupling, system performance, system capacity, interface openness, technology, technology, technology, so that day-to-day transactions can accommodate tens of millions of volumes of transactions; real-time wind control technology, to complete a 300-stock basket transaction and wind control in one second. In addition, o45 is available.
A wide range of developments have taken place, such as O45's support for full-product, full-scale operations covering internal and external transactions.
Word-based industrial change, policy-driven industry high profile 2021.12.11 Trading, wind control, liquidating asset management platforms.O45 is expected to lead the digital transformation of the industry in an era of major capital management.
As the wealth levels of our inhabitants, the advances in financial science and technology and the improvements in the relevant policy and regulations, we are facing unprecedented opportunities for development in the financial sector. As of the end of June 2021, I,
The country’s financial institutions have a total of 92.6 trillion yuan in holdings, of which 27% of the public fund is in the second place. Meanwhile, the opening of the venture board, the opening of the pilot site, etc., are expanding the trading market, the army, etc.
Fields and varieties, coupled with the business transformation process, urgently require an iterative upgrade of the financial management system that underpins the operation. o45 is committed to building the central hub for investment management in the institution and building the key building blocks for integrated eco-cooper management, which is expected to contribute to the digital transformation of the asset management industry.
With the rapid development of China’s capital markets, the financialit sector has reached a high growth cycle, with companies in Chen Tunan more and fully costed, net profit rates are low, and ps valuation methods are reasonable.
Companies run mainly between 10 and 30 times, with capital market reforms moving forward, industries, macroeconomic downsides affecting downstream customers' inputs, financial science and technology policies falling short of expectations, and new products.
Research, development and market promotion of goods have fallen short of expectations; competition in the industry has increased and overall profitability in the industry has declined.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.