The company's review report for Hensen Electronics (600570), the acquisition of Summit and the improvement of product line layouts - the review of Hensen Electronics (600570).
On the evening of November 26, 2021, the company issued an announcement announcing that the controlling subsidiary, the Yun Wins Network, had acquired the summit business of Finastra for $65 million (approximately RMB 42,151,000). Summit was the leading global financial management system, with large and medium-sized bank clients rich in resources.
Summit is the world's leading financial management system, covering the main trading grounds of financial institutions' capital operations. Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): landscapes, including currency markets, capital markets, foreign exchange transactions and derivatives markets, compared to the same product,
At the end of September 2021, Summit had 17 bank clients in mainland China and Hong Kong and Australasia, in the form of state-owned banks, share-stock banks, and large city traders, all on permanent contracts.
Summit will continue to contribute to the company ' s income and performance, and localization is expected to boost the profitability of the company. For the 2021 fiscal year, Summit achieved $9,944.5 million in mainland China and the Hong Kong and Australasia, of which $4,842.6 million will be earned on product licensing fees and $45,823.5 million will be implemented.
At the same time, profits are expected to rise steadily as localization progresses. Companies quickly replenish the capital market’s product lines, further increasing their competitive edge vis-à-vis competitors in the industry.
1) Rapid creation of business advantages: The money management system is at the heart of the banking system.
One is that technological barriers are high, and Summit has a greater advantage than current domestic manufacturers. Through acquisitions, cloud networks can quickly cut into the financial management system of large and medium-sized banks and, as a follow-up, localize and create a leading advantage.) Summit works with opics: publics.
In 2021 and a half, another branch of the Division acquired ipics from Finastra, covering mainly small and medium-sized silver.
After this acquisition, the company can combine Summit with the opics to create synergies that fully cover the banking client community. 3) Secure business income expectations and technological upgrades: through the acquisition, the cloud-win network took over Summit in China and Hong Kong and Australia.
The 17 clients and the contracts that are being implemented will then contribute to the company’s profits and cash flow through the annual product licence fees.
With China’s rapid capital-market development, the financialit sector has reached a high-growth cycle, with the company Chen Tunan.
Higher and more fully costed inputs, lower net profitability, and more reasonable use of ps valuation methods. The downside of macroeconomics affects the input of downstream customers; financial science and technology policies fall short of expectations; new product R & D and market promotion fall short of expectations; and industry competition increases and overall profitability decreases.
Figure 1: The Ps-band author of Hensen Electronics for the past five years, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.