Proposed acquisition of the Summit business, replenishment of the capital market product line Permanent Electronics (600577.sh) proposed acquisition of the Summit business and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
The company plans to buy summit for domestic operations at $420 million to supplement the capital market product line. We maintain the profit-and-efficiency event: the company-owned network, Yunatra, buys the company summit business, and the company-owned network, Yun Winner, signes an agreement with the company, Finastra, to buy the moneystra at $420 million.
The company will have exclusive access, permanent access and permanent renewal services in the Mainland and Hong Kong, and will have the right to localization on a source-code basis; and finastra will be the target of a product acquisition: Summit is the world's leading financial management system.
Finastra, a British-based financialsit company, earns $1.9 billion in fiscal year 2020. Summit is the world’s leading financial management system for warehousing, transaction processing and risk management, and currently has 17 large and medium-sized bank clients in the country. For the 2021 fiscal year, Summit received revenue in the Mainland China and the Hong Kong and Australia regions.
Revenue from product licence fees of $9.425 million, including $4.843 million, and implementation revenue of $45.82 million.
High professional and technical barriers, domestic manufacturers and banks are more difficult to self-research, and are now heavily dependent on overseas firms. (2) The company-owned opics finance management system covers mainly small and medium-sized bank clients, and after acquisition the company will make the corporate update report - three quarters larger.
Recovering the original 17 large and medium-sized bank clients at Summit and ongoing contracts with the pipics system, with great potential for financial integrators - and creating synergies. (3) In the short term, the company inheritors can quickly cut into the middle and large bank leaders.
Fields, complementary capital market lines, and increased market share; in the long term, companies will move into the Summit system, the Corporate Information Update Report - Performance Growth Super-predicted, digestive and localized transformation, with the potential to close the technological gap with overseas producers and enhance competitive advantages.
Phases of business development of the main battalion on a continuous basis -