Another one-pound milestone in the "introduction" strategy, the E-Assemblage of the Summit Business Event Review, and the E-Assemblage announcement issued on the evening of November 26, adding $630 million to the subsidiary Rainbow Network.
The acquisition of the foreign leader’s banking transactionit system solution. The acquisition of the foreign leader’s bankit technology and industry understanding summit focuses on the management of bank funds.
The central barriers to the banking market system are industry understanding, especially difficult mathematical models. The current highly specialized gold market system is mainly provided by foreign-based IT manufacturers, whereas Summit.
How's the new business model? Summit's income model is similar to the software package, and the income is mainly from licence fees and implementation fees.
In two parts, the ratio is close to 1:1. After the first year of implementation, the cost of a licence to the customer is followed annually by an excellent business model of a type of subscription.
Learning from advanced financial-it technology and industry understanding abroad, in full synergy with the old opics for small and medium-sized clients. The “introduction” strategy is another important step forward, and M&As will be an important future catch-up.
The acquisition of the summit business is another milestone in the ever-present “introduction” strategy, and the Department hopes to gain access to advanced offshore financial-it technology through acquisitions, especially in the context of the business management of mature offshore financial markets, and to help sustain the next round of financial reform by helping to seize the major opportunities and consolidate the lead.
This compares to 44 times the 21-year mark, where companies are expected to enjoy a valuation premium as industry leaders, compared to their own average of 74 times the value of pe (ttm) over the past three years, and where there is still room for the current valuation. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
Quarter 2021: three-quarter income performance, with a focus on long-term growth
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.