"Standing steady, well-run life risk giant, date: 13th of August 2018.
Research Assistant: Kwok Wenbin, in pursuit of steady progress, business structure improved robustly: 1. One risk channel benefits from the rapid growth and boost effects of new single-stage transfers in recent years, premium revenue increases faster, silver
In the case of insurance channels, which, while maintaining stability of scale, have accelerated the development of a pipeline, bringing the ten-year premium to $66 billion, and the proportion of new policy premiums paid in a single period of 10 years or more to a higher value, the silver bond has become a new value growth point: 1 - special due to the new single payment
In 2017, it rose to 60.1 billion, but as a result of the slowdown in manpower in 2017, the value of new businesses also slowed down; in 2017, two risk channels were the main source of value contributions, accounting for about 90 per cent of the total, but in 2017, the new business value of the silver insurance channel reached 150 per cent breakthrough.
Future profits lay a good foundation on which to build and which, despite a slowdown in value growth, can still achieve steady profitability projections and investment recommendations: 1, core assumptions: the size of a risk team increases over the next three years Investment returns are calculated on the basis of an underlying value assessment scenario of 5 per cent: 2, financial forecast results:
Risk factors: Unexpected human development, unanticipated sales of guaranteed business, investment wind1 and expanding industrial landscapes, life-threatening milestones for sound business development 1.1.
China Life Insurance Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “China Life”) is a core member of the Chinese Life Insurance Corporation (CLIP) (hereinafter referred to as “The Life Group”), which is registered with a capital of 28,265 million yuan yuan in renminbi and its controlling shareholder, the National Life Group, which is a state-owned mega-financial insurance company and the State's deputy.
China’s pre-life is the former Chinese People’s Insurance Company, founded in 1949, was established in 1996 as China’s Life Insurance Company Limited, and in 1999 became China’s Life Insurance Company. On 17 and 18 December 2003, China’s life was listed in New York and Hong Kong.
It created the world’s largest ipo in 2003. On January 9, 2007, China’s life returned to a share in the sea market, becoming the first financial insurance company to be listed in three places.
In June 2003, the Chinese Life Insurance Company was restructured and changed to Chinese Life Insurance.
In December 2003, the National People's Insurance was called Chinese.
The family initiated the establishment of the Chinese Life Company Ltd. in New York, the Life Insurance Company.
Hong Kong is listed simultaneously. Insurance Co. Ltd. circ}
It was set as a life-saving scheme, and with the consent of the State Department, it was introduced into the SMBC Bank.
The three branches of the bank are working together to develop a new pattern.
After a long period of development and sedimentation, China's life portfolio has grown, with participation in the management of the stock market, the treasury policy, the pension fund, and the State of the Nation, with the State of Life (Sushu) Seniors Investment Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Sushu Maintenance”), the Shanghai Rishong Investment Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanghai Rishong Investment”), and the life of the nation.
In 2016, several subsidiaries, such as Health Management Ltd. (Beijing) (hereinafter referred to as “the health of life”) joined the Open-Bank, covering a wide range of areas such as life insurance, old-age insurance (enterprise annuity), asset management, and banking.
Insurance income of $512,268 million, market share of 19.7 per cent, and market ranking.
The main shareholders are China Life Insurance (Governance) Corporation, China Securities and Finance Co. Ltd. and Central