Public utilities contributed to improved profitability in 2018, with lower cost-end prices expected in 2019
The power plants in the country are the first to generate electricity annually compared to domestic companies, and the power pole advantage is highlighted. Billion, an increase of 11.04% over the same year, is consistent with Wind’s projections; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies minus non-recurring gains and losses of 1,420 million, an increase of 215.41% over the same period.
At a rate of 9.12 per cent in the same year, electricity generation was the highest in comparable companies in the domestic industry; heating was provided at a leading level, including 14 of the world ' s most advanced 1 million kilowatts in production.
A class of supercritical machines, using hours ahead of most of the regional averages. As a 12-month-old/minimum power-generating enterprise, it has been able to make use of power distribution by working with priority big mines for many years.
The advantage of the region, with high coal prices year-round, is to effectively control fuel procurement costs. It is expected that in 2019, with the price of power coal moving downwards in its overall hub, the advantages of the energy industry will become more pronounced.
As of December 31, 2018, the company had a controlled installed capacity of 105,991 megawatts (MW) and an equity capacity of 93,755 megawatts (MW), which is comparable to that of the domestic industry.
Division I. The share of clean energy sources, such as natural gas, hydropower, wind power, solar energy and biomass generation, reached 16.5 per cent, and in 2018, the company ' s new plant generation capacity amounted to 653 megawatts, all of which were low-carbon, clean energy, with a further increase in the cleaning of the company ' s installed structure.
More than 50% of the units are large units of over 600,000 kilowatts, including 14 of the world's most advanced multi-kW class supercritical units, with a high proportion of advanced units, which will benefit from the national 13th-fiveth-year-old coal power phase-out plan.
The increase in revenue was due to a sharp rise in volume prices, with the expectation of falling down in 2019. In 2018, the increase in revenue was due to a 9.3 per cent increase in the volume of electricity sold, a 1.08 per cent increase in the average price of electricity settled online, a billion yuan increase in the price of coal, a corresponding increase of 2,098 million yuan in the cost of fuel, and an increase in electricity.
The corresponding increase in the cost of fuel is $8,824 million. As a result of this, net cash inflows from operating activities decreased by 3.94 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of the company ' s current increase in electricity and rising electricity prices, which contributed to improved profitability in 2018 and are expected to lead to lower cost-side prices in 2019.
The resulting increase in revenue was offset by the impact of the increase in fuel costs. In 2018, major changes in profits resulting from the company’s non-principal business were mainly due to investment returns, off-the-shelf expenditures, and the net profit after shareholder withholding increased 215.41% as compared to the previous year.
The increase in the resumption of coal production, the liberalization of coal pipelines in the Central Mongolian Paragar region, the pressure on the sale of coal, which ranged from $20 to $25 per ton below most coal prices, to 5,500 kcal power in the port of Qin Royal Island, the fall of coal from $640-650 per ton to $620-625 per ton, and the pressure on the power industry was somewhat slower.
Decomposition. In 2019, in the context of an adequate supply of coal, disturbance factors remained, including coal mine safety inspections, environmental inspections, major conferences, import coal regulation policies, and downstream demand was also a priority indicator, with the coal industry already suffering from high coal prices for almost three years, with projected costs in 2019.
In future operations, the cost side of the company is mainly influenced by the price of coal and the number of hours spent on equipment, the income end is mainly influenced by the price and quantity of electricity used, and the cost side is based on the future coal.
Carbon price trends, companies as industry leaders, power plants in 26 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under central control, whether in terms of demand-side growth or cost-side improvements, are receiving billions of yuan in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, equivalent to 26.5 billion yuan, 4.36 billion yuan in net profits, corresponding to pss.
1. The constant rise in power coal prices;2 the national consumption of electricity is below expectations;3 and the rise in electricity prices has contributed to an improvement in profits in 2018, a decline in cost-side prices is expected in 2019, a rise in volume prices has contributed to an improvement in profits in 2018 and a fall in cost-side prices is expected in 2019
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report