Power sales grew faster than industry averages and performed more elastic on coal prices
The first-time coverage of >q4 electricity sales sustained positive growth, with electricity sales increasing more than industry averages during the year than before, according to company preliminary statistics, 40,5943 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of finished electricity sales from power plants in the country in 2018.
The increase of 4.05% over the same period was 4.38% over the three-quarter period, mainly due to a continuous decline in national demand for electricity in the four quarters. The average annual price of electricity settled by companies on the Internet was $418.48/megawatt hours, up from 1.36/megawatt hours in the previous three quarters, presumably due to a recovery in the price of electricity traded and an increase in the price of some of the combustion machines in the winter.
In August, coal-fired generators, which are above the price of the poles, were reduced to the price of the poles. The annual volume of tradable electricity increased by 10 to 43%.
The price of coal is the dominant factor in the company’s current performance, with an average of $647 per ton of 5,500 kilocalories in Qin in 2018, still in the midst of a high shock, and the price of coal is expected to continue to fall over the next two years, thus restoring the company’s profits. In 2019, the demand for coal is more certain, the demand for coal power is likely to fall below 2%, and there is an approximate rate of increase in the area of new construction of the property.
The supply side expects to increase the capacity of coal to produce effectively over the next two years by around 100 million tons per year, well above the demand increase, and supply and demand patterns are expected to ease over the next two years.
Large-scale coal-fired electricity-leading companies with performance elasticity to coal prices at the top of the plate \triangleright company, which has 85 per cent of the total installed machinery, calculates that coal consumption by the company will be 127 million tons in 2019.
On the other hand, assuming that the JCAG share is maintained at 50%, the net profit of the company is expected to rise by around $600 million for every 10 yuan/tonne drop in coal prices. The elasticity of the costs/market value of coal combustion, the company’s performance against the price of coal, in the first row of the pyrotechnic plates (detailed on the second page of the elastic scale), will well benefit from the fall in coal prices in the future.
In July 2011, it became a member of the Civil Security Fund, and has been engaged in research on major energy-related issues such as coal, electricity, gas, and environmental protection. In 2012, it was “New Money” that led to the graduation of the Hong Kong University of Technology's Master of Actuarial and Investment Sciences, and in 2018 it joined the Civil Security and Public Utilities-related studies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.