Energy International (CFI) World War II (600011), 2018 Report, 17.42 per cent lower than in the same year; net profit from non-repatriation was 1.42 billion yuan, or 215.4 per cent more than in the same year.
1. High asset quality, high fuel cost, and higher expected impairment caused companies to perform less than expected in 2018. The cumulative total of 4,30,457 million kilowatt hours of power generated by the company ' s operational power plants in China in 2018 was 9.12 per cent higher than in the previous year; the average annual utilization of electricity was 4,208 hours, an increase of 257 hours, compared to the national average of 3862 hours.
Hours, 73 hours higher than the previous year, with coal-fired units using 4,340 hours, 146 hours more than the same year, companies using hours of power generation equipment, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, which is much higher than the national average, and the quality of the crew. In 2018, the company purchased 196 million tons of coal, and the company continued to accurately evaluate the coal market.
Optimizing the procurement strategy, regional supply structures, strengthening cooperation with priority large mines, targeting high-quality, low-cost resources in advance, and better controlling the company’s fuel procurement costs in the face of high coal market prices throughout the year. The cost per unit of fuel sold in the company’s power plant was RMB 236.89/MW per year, an increase of 4.85% compared to the previous year, which was better than 2% of the market.
The fall in prices has resulted in the company performing less than expected.2 Although the growth in electricity use has fallen, the company ' s year-round performance is expected to balance the overall supply and demand of electricity across the country in 2019, with tight power supply and demand at peaks in local areas, taking into account macroeconomic, service and residential considerations
Electricity trends, air pollution management, power substitution, etc., are expected to cool down by about 6% in 2019 compared to 2018; about 110 million kilowatts of new installed capacity were added throughout the year, of which 62 million kilowatts were installed in non-fossil energy generators, which would not have a significant impact on the fleet ' s overall interest in hours; and about 4,400 hours of fire power equipment were expected to be used throughout the year, almost the same as in 2018.
We expect that the overall Māori rate will improve by about 4%, as the power plant survives, and the price hub will move downwards. Singapore’s large-scale energy, the Python coal mine, will move to a normal operating period, and we expect that there will be less risk of impairment.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, analyzes his own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.