The year 2018, when it released its annual report for 2018, when it realized business income of $169,861 million, the demand for electricity was strong, compared to 40,59.43 million kilowatts of electricity generated by power plants in the company in 2018.
The average price of electricity settled online was $418.48/megawatt hour, an increase of 1.08 per cent over the same year, and the cost of Yang Ouwen was high and the rate of Maori fell. The national average price of electricity and coal was $531.04/ton in 2018, a decrease of 1.08 per cent over the same period.
The company’s performance was also affected by the high cost of coal, which caused company costs to remain high, and by the fall in the company’s Māori rate in 2018. The company’s financial costs were $10,470 million in 2018.
Zhang Tai Yong's performance has improved pending the fall of coal prices. According to statistics, the coal industry completed about 690 million tons of production capacity in 2016-2018, 81 per cent of the supply-side reform target for capacity generation; new capacity, 2018
Some 200 million tons of additional capacity and 150 million tons in 2019-2020 respectively. We believe that, with the completion of the coal supply side reform and the increase in rail capacity, coal supply will ease and coal prices will begin to converge between regions, and company costs will gradually decline in the future, with substantial improvements in performance expected.
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 15th floor of Central China International Center, 1000th and Ever-largest.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.