In 2021, the long video industry became more heavily regulated, and the short video grew.
Rapid video traffic and liquidity pressure; looking forward to 2022, the world's current media competed for nearly 12 months at the highest/minimum level, core competitiveness, and domestic pay cuts were strictly enforced and content-based systems were shaped to drive costs.
The creation of the studio system and incentives to create a multi-cultural barrier, and the growth of the re-entry of the N generation into advertising. Mangotv, one of the four large video platforms, has gained significant advantages through the studio system and the center.
Producing, creating projects, rewards, incentives and incentives to drive innovation, creating a new brand, comparing company prices to the 300-year-old trend, recognition has led to a high level of innovation in sales and a build-up of an innovative ip matrix based on head-to-head art.
• Ecologic monsoon exploration broke, price-fixing and production-driven member breakthroughs, and Mangotv's television drama ecology, built through self-constructed team-plus strategies, was largely in shape and self-made
The production capacity has been rapidly upgraded and additional funding has been set up to add to the play, while the mango monsoon explorer's fine products have broken the circle of the show's focus users; Arpu has benefited from price hikes and the supply of the show is expected to pick up, and throughout the year, the abundance of the theatre's reserves and the continuous innovation of the monsoon are expected to bring its membership and payment rates to a new level.
• Mango sedimentation of the assets of mangos to explore multiple realizations, and content electricians continue to grind the script to kill a wide range of people. Mangos hatch the new state content electrical platform via the pip matrix, and the young man is still in the process of investing in the supply of pip content and the ecological flow of his own content and the gmv will grow in the electric company.
Industry competition is growing, relying on content advantages and social + shopping experiences. At the same time, Mango's entry into the script's reasoning track is dependent on a mango, and the starter's display of a fire stamp confirms that the landscape model of branding and expansion is proceeding in an orderly manner, and that the advantages of integration of mangos under industry regulation are evident up and down.
1. United States Mission-w (3690.hk): 1q22 pre-performance content up-to-line slow; head content underperformed; recurrent visual production of the epidemic hampered: deep-deep farming, short-term outbreak perturbations sustained