The first double-resistant adc, writing a new chapter in the global heavy-pound product, 11th of 2024.
Keywords: #New Needs, New Policies #Survey Assets #Current Volumes of Traditional Agents Generating Innovations, paving the way for the globalization of the Brethren: Brethren was founded in 1996 and development went through the generic pharmaceutical phase and the innovation transition phase, and in 2010 Innovative Pharmacy Research
The company already has small molecules, multi-resistances, and adc development and production capacity. Baelius is based in China, with a global view, and has established research and development centres in China and the United States, including the United States of America's systimmune and China's Pepsi pharmaceutical industry, Dots, etc.
Former research and development efforts will further expand clinical trials, drug registration, etc., and it is hoped that innovative medicines with global intellectual property rights and global interests will be pushed overseas. bl-b01d1 is the first double-resistant adc, working with bms to build the next heavy-pound bomb: bl--
B01d1 is the world ' s first egfrxher3 double-target adc drug, which shows positive signs of treatment in multiple upper-skin tumours and is expected to become a big monolith of pancreatic tumours. In 2023, the results of the b01d1 were presented at international conferences asco, esmo, sabcs, etc.
Adaptive conditions continue to grow, according to the number of visible physical tumors, such as non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer, nasal cancer, small cell lung cancer, and cervical cancer. In December 2023, Baerius reached a global strategic cooperation agreement with bms of over $8 billion, with an initial payment of $800 million to advance the bl-in a global drive.
B01d1 Clinical development. On the domestic front, Barithian has launched three iii and multiple ii clinical studies (bl-b01d1-lung101), and bms and Bermuda are starting to register for lung cancer and breast cancer worldwide.
Egfr/her3adc has successfully validated the platform's superiority.
Two innovative platforms have hatched many of the world’s leading drugs, including clinical trials in the iii phase.
Tested double anti-drugs si-b001 (egfr-her3), oncological immunotherapy cornerstones si-b003 (pd-1-ctla-4), and four in i stage gnc-038, gnc-035 and gnc-039
We predict that the growth in the public sector will be largely due to the recognition of initial and milestone payments from bms. With a combination of corporate barriers, innovative attributes, and seaboard values, we believe that the potential for growth is high.
1. Innovative layouts lead the future, with a large stock of thin-haired achievements, and Blytheon, based in China, is committed to the development of innovative biopharmaceuticals for globalization.
The pharmaceutical phase, the transformational exploration phase and the innovative development phase, where companies now have small molecular medicines, bioinnovatives and antibodies in their research and development capabilities, have established research and development centres in both the United States and the United States, including the United States of America's systimmunne and China's Pulitzer Industries, the Dots.
Pre-bed research and development, plans for future clinical trials of bio-like and innovative medicines, drug registrations, etc., are expected to bring out of the country innovative drug varieties with global intellectual property rights and global interests. The industry of the industry of adc productions, the industry of petropharmaceuticals, and the industry of Guinre, under the banner of Heung-in-Hung.
The pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical industry of chemical raw materials, the technology of the chemical intermediate production company Hayat, and the marketing of pharmaceutical companies Balitsing and Lassambo, cover the entire life cycle of the operation of the intermediate, the drug of raw materials up and down, and the “research-production-marketing” of the preparations.
1.1.adc products are global leaders, innovative pharmaceutical products continue to lead global innovation rich in innovative research and development pipelines and global leaders in dual- and dual-resistant adc areas. There are currently 21 innovations in the company Biopharmaceuticals, of which 8 are under development and 12 are under development in adc.
Physl-b01d1 conducted three iii and multiple ii clinical trials, while the core dual-resistant si-b001 combined chemotherapy treatment treated egfr non-small cell lung cancer into the iii clinical phase, si-b003 as an io-based drug into the ii clinical phase, while the rest of the product is in the [clinical and preclinical] pre-clinical research phase.
The company has established a core technology platform for full-chain integrated drug research and development, with a total of four adc products entering the clinical stage: dual resistance adcb01d1 (egfr-her3, iii), bl-m07d1 (her2, i/ii), bl-m02d1 (trop2, i/ii) and bl-m11d1 (cd33).
The core adc product bl-b01d1:bl-b01d1 is the first global egfrxher3 dual resistance adc, and there are currently no other egfr/her3 dual or dual resistance adc in the clinical phase, and its early research data are published at 2023asco, 2023esmo and 2023sabcs.
Three iii clinical stages have been initiated in the country: (1) repeat or transferal stubble cancers that have failed with Pd-1/pd-l1 combined platinum treatment; (2) relapse or transferary nasal cancers that have failed with Pd-1/pd-l1 units and at least two linear chemotherapy treatments; and (3) hr+/her2-breast cancers that have gone overseas.
Exhibit: In December 2023, with an initial payment of $800 million, with a potential total value of $8.4 billion, Bms was collaborating with Bms and is currently conducting a global multi-centre i-clinical study (bl-b01d1-lung101), bms and bms will be launched around the globe in the field of lung and breast cancer.
A dual anti-innovation platform has incubated multiple global-leading dual-resistant products: si-b001 (egfr&her3) for clinical trials in the ii stage, and bi-optimal (pd-1&ctla-4) for oncological immunotherapy.
All three four resistance products are currently at the clinical i stage: gnc-038, gnc-039 and gnc-035 are autonomously developed four-specific antibodies based on the gnc (guiding, navigation & control) molecular structure platform, and combined with four tumor-related targets, have the advantage of “target-to-immunization + escape containment”.
The company’s founder, Dr. Chui, has a solid academic base not only in the field of science, but also in the field of management science.
The landscape, together with his many years of experience in the industry, allows him to find a balance between the technical details of drug development and the complex changes in market demand. Dr. Chu, who was a lecturer in microbiology and immunology at the University of Medical Sciences in Washington, is now the president of the company, the chief executive and chief science officer, and a core technical team of elites in the industry, such as Gossiphard and Manvi Li.
From a unique perspective of the market, the promotion of corporate innovation and development in the field of biopharmaceuticals has given companies a place in a highly competitive market. The equity structure is highly concentrated, with Dr. Chui as the real controller of the company.
Dr. Yi held 74.34 per cent of the shares, Obo had 8.49 per cent and no more than 5 per cent of the shares, and the company had nine subsidiaries and four branches, including the Bermuda Pharmaceuticals industry, the Lui Swe Pharmaceuticals industry, which was the company's production base and undertook research and development of chemical agents, Laza Novobo as a marketing platform for pharmaceuticals, the Fine West Medicines industry, Hayart Science and Technology, respectively, as well as raw materials, China and China.
Interbody production platform, Dot and Systimmuneinc. are responsible for innovative biopharmaceutical development, both within and outside the country. 1.3. Million years of simultaneous development in Central America, systimmune, a leading research and development platform for globalization, is a key element of the economy.
Systimmune, a team of research and development and clinical scientists and biotechnology professionals, uses a number of advanced technological platforms to develop world-class antibody-based drug therapy aimed at creating biological agents through systematic drying of the oncological micro-environments, direct attacks on tumours and activation of immune system attacks on tumours. As of 2022,
Systimemune has applied for about 200 patents in 16 different countries or regions of the world on technology platforms, candidate products and treatment methods. There are now nearly 40 active clinical trials in Systimemune, a global clinical development strategy that takes full advantage of the efficiency of the United States and Asia-Pacific markets for its drug projects.
Figure 6: Development strategies and layouts for the development of the Broadian innovation drug, four core innovative technology platforms leading the world in innovation, and building long-term barriers to competition for the Broadian.
Technology accumulation, the company has now established four core innovative technological platforms with autonomous intellectual property rights, including the “Moly heterogeneous Antibody New Molecular Structures Platform”, the “All-chain integrated Core Technology Platform for Multi-System Antibodies Development”, the “All-chain integrated adc Core Technology Platform for Drug Research and Development”, the “Flexible Gmp Standard Multi-Specific Antibodies and
Technical platform for the production of drugs adc. capable of research and development of innovative biological medicines, including two-specific antibodies, four-specific antibodies, two-resistant adcs, single antiadcs, integrated proteins, etc. 1.4. Traditional business provides blood-producing capacity to drive business transformation
Changes in demand on the ground, the effects of national and local collections, and the decline in sales and prices of some of the company ' s products have led to a decline in income. Since 2021, the net profits of companies have been declining, mainly as a result of the firm ' s continued and steady progress in research and development on innovative biopharmaceuticals, with the cost of R & D rising significantly on a par.
Since 2020, there has been a significant decrease in the cost of company sales, mainly due to a contraction in the size of the marketing team for some of the products, bl-b01d1: the creation of a double-resistant adc. The writing of a new chapter on global heavy-pound drugs, bl-b01d1, has the potential to become a “heavy bomb” for the treatment of pan-cancer diseases.
Egfr/her3 double anti-adc drugs, b01d1 achieves a precise attack on the tumor cell by targeting the tumor cells that are dependent on the egfr and blocking her 3-medium drug resistance, minimizing toxic side effects on the normal cell.
Head, bowel, cavity, breast and cervical cancer; as of April 2024, three B01d1 clinical trials for nasal, cavity and breast cancer had been initiated in China, while international multi-centre clinical trials were accelerating.
B01d1 showed excellent therapeutic performance in early clinical trials and its great potential for cross-cancer applications, quickly attracting the attention of the international pharmaceutical giant Bms, with a down payment of $800 million and a potential total transaction amount of $8.4 billion, and a cooperation agreement with Bélixin to develop the b01d1 in the United States, which was obtained.
With the cooperation of Bms, the Division is expected to complete the first phase of the bridge-over-clinic and to promote the three-stage clinical trial process of b01d1 worldwide. 2.1. Double resistance adc has a unique advantage and is the industrial trend of the next generation of adc.
Adc targets reduce whole body toxicity, provide a broader treatment window and a higher treatment index than traditional chemotherapy. Nevertheless, undesired toxicity performance and drug resistance are still the main problems faced by adc.
The main challenges are in the treatment of real tumors. These are related to: (i) the physical amplitude leads to limitations in the clinical efficacy of adcs for single tumor antigens; (ii) the treatment of selected stress can lead to the expression of tumor antigens, the activation of table changes and non-target pathways, which trigger significant resistance to adc; and (iii) the target antigen is normal.
The expression of tissue, the instability of connectors, and other drug-dependent dynamics variables can cause non-specific tissue damage; (4) the resistance of tumours to the process of internalization of adc may hinder the efficacy of the drug. Double resistance adc can solve the multiple problems of single resistance adc from the bottom logic of the mechanism of action.
Compared to adc, the unique double-table/target combination model of bi-sadc is not only able to combine with the antigens expressed in the real tumor to enhance selectivity, but also to significantly improve internalization. These unique advantages enable bsadc to become a central force in the next generation of adc.
The future bsadc design is based on the coordinating role of the drug molecule as a whole, taking into account multiple factors. (1) the good internalization of the target antigen, the relative low expression in the normal tissue and the high expression in the tumor; (2) the need to clarify the level of expression of the target in the different subtypes and parts of the tumor, taking into account the heterogeneity of the tumor; and (3) because the bsadc has
The unique dual-target characteristics require a full consideration of the deep effects of antigen combinations, including internalization, turnover recycling rates, soluble enzyme degradation, and the necessary mechanisms.A total of 10 bsadcs are undergoing clinical trials around the world, and some early clinical results are in aacr,
Most drugs are still less safe and effective than theoretical expectations, which suggests that the design of bsadc is not simply a simple choice of appropriate antibody molecules, connectors, and payloads. How to effectively combine these “parts” is a fundamental factor in the successful development of bsadc, which determines the final treatment window and system.
bl-b01d1 is a global first built-up adc based on egfrxher3 bi-specific antibodies with a better composition than a single scfv and subsequently enhanced targeting and security through a combination of hive derivatives ed-04 small molecular toxins.bl-b01d1 promotes co-mutual internalization through a dual-target interface and the integration of si-b001 and small molecular toxins towards egfr
At the same time, bl-b01d1 had up to 8 dar values, and the effects of cancer in pre-clinical studies were significantly better than those of egfr and her3 resistance; compared to her 3rd anti-adc drug u3-1402, bl-b01d1 had pancreas cancer.
The hypothermia of the cell bxpc3 mouse has also shown more visible and sustained decomposition activity. 2.2.egfr and her3 pairs have become new mechanisms for the treatment of pancreas bl-b01d1 as the new egfrxher3 double-target adc, with excellent synergies between circuits.
The si-b001 is based on the design of the Seba platform to reconfigure the humanized egfrxher3 bi-specific antibody molecules, so that they can be effectively combined with her3 only after the target is combined with egfr by adjusting the spatial structure, setting the target protégé and force, thus avoiding the clinical side effects of her3 in the normal tissue.
The core molecules in the receptor's (her) family, the activation and interaction of egfr and her3 can directly influence the transmission of signals in cell multiplication, splitting, migration and survival mechanisms. 2.2.1.egfr and her3 guide multiple tumours, the big target for the pneumoma species.
When egfr expresses or is activated, it causes cancer-related phenomena, such as over-breathing, anti-dying, vascular creation, intrusion and transfer, which can be caused by a variety of causes, including genetic mutation, genetic expansion, re-routing, appearanceal genetic modification, approximation, etc.
Egfr gene mutation and gene expansion are important causes of the egfr circuit anomaly, and can be used for targeted treatments such as egfr-tki, antibody drugs, for example, small molecules, cetuximab, egfr/c-met double resistance to mivantamab, etc.
Her3 is the key to the resistance of multiple oncological drugs. Her3 does not directly induce tumours when expressed alone, but has a high carcinogenic capacity to form dichotomy with other members of her protein family, egfr. At the same time, her3 is very high.
In many cancers, it is also associated with advances in disease or poor prognosis, which leads to patient resistance to multiple therapeutic drugs, such as the signal transfer of her 2:her3 guide, which causes patients with cervical and breast cancer to be resistant to the egfrtki drug. There is no global market for her three targets, and the fastest progress has been made with Mershah.
Her3adc (her3-dxd), which was developed, was listed in the United States in December 2023 for the treatment of three lines, egfrmnsclc. 2.2.2.bl-b01d1 is a global egfrxher3-dxd pioneer, innovative treatment mechanism
bl-b01d1 is a comprehensive and innovative treatment mechanism from the target point and treatment path. The theory is that egfradc is very different from single- and dual-resistant drugs, and it does not start with the signal circuits of the egfr itself, but rather with an antibody bond that triggers the ingestion of the adc, with a direct lethal effect on the cancer cell from a co-located cell toxin.
In the process, the egfr was more used as a marker to locate the target cells than as a target for the drug itself, and that was one of the strategies to avoid the drug resistance problem of egfr: because her3 was less active in its own urogenetic structure, the target was difficult to do with her3 drugs. Given her3 was expressed in a wide range of tumours, and its and neoplasms.
Transfers and drug resistance are closely linked, and the use of her3adc to achieve its efficacy has become a promising bl-b01d1 is currently the only egfrxher3adc in the world, with single-targeting being the second most advanced drug in the world, egfradc and her3adc. We have combed up the current egfradc at the global level.
And her3adc, only one egfradc is currently on the market, and one of her3adc is declared on the market, and his product is still in its early clinical stage. Karalux is the world's first listed target for egfr's photo-immunisation, mainly for patients with malignant neoplasms in the neck; and the third-largest patritumabderuxtecan is about to become a drug.
The first drug to be marketed at her three targets. The competition between the adc races has become increasingly hot, multi-pharmaceuticals have been actively laid out, and it is important that the product has a pre-emptive advantage. b01d1 has a wide range of applications, three domestic clinics have advanced to phase three, and the completion of phase I is accelerating overseas.
As of April 2024, the company had started treating non-cellular lung cancer, snorkel cancer, dietary cancer, rectum cancer, breast cancer, small cell lung cancer, urinary tract skin cancer, and stomach cancer as a single drug for b01d1 and, in conjunction with si-b003, a total of 13 amplitudes.
Bed trials, of which three domestic clinical trials for nasal, cavity and breast cancer have advanced to phase 3 and are progressing rapidly. The international bridge succession experiment, launched in August 2023, is based on a partnership with bms, and the company expects to be able to quickly complete the bridge succession and move quickly to phase 3 of the global B01d1.
2.3.bl-b01d1 displayed bright data on the international scene, and the early clinical results of the bl-b01d1 treatment of nsclc were impressive, with excellent treatments for multiple physical tumours at the International Congress. At the 2023 Asco Congress, data from the 101st study of b01d1 were published and treatments for different tumors were available.
In 2023, on esmo and sabcs, the company published B01d1 follow-up data for longer periods of time in Nsclc patients and breast cancer patients, which is a good reflection of its excellent pre-clinical data.
2.3.1. Egfr-tki resistance population cut in, magnifying the clinical value of egfrxher3adc. Egfr genetic mutation is the most common driver of genetic mutation in Nsclc, with a large group of patients. Global cancer prevalence statistics (globocan) show that there were 1.6 million new cases of lung cancer in China in 2022 and projected for 2030.
Nsclc is the most common pathological type in lung cancer, with statistical data for 2022 showing a ratio of about 85%. According to the Expert Consensus of the Three Generations of Egfr-tki in the Egfr mutation of Nsclc Treatment (2022 edition), China v 2), the proportion of mutations mutandis is 10% in the United States.
Egfrtki is currently standard therapy for egfr mutation patients, and three generations of egfr-tki can effectively contain egfr t790m mutation, but there are huge unmet clinical needs after their resistance. For egfr mutation nsls patients, the Chinese-American Guide front line treatments are now giving priority to three generations of egfrtki drugs, such as Osiuteni, Americian.
Ni, second-generation drugs can be used without three generations of egfrtki. But in real world studies, three generations of egfrtki drugs also have resistance and target toxicity, and 50 per cent of patients using three generations of egfrtki treatment according to the guidelines have resistance, suggesting that new treatments are urgently needed to meet the needs of these patients.
2.3.2.b01d1 excellent therapeutic effects that exceed the baseline difference and have the same drug potential as track bic. In September 2023, the company published B01d1 treatment data for nsclc patients at the esmo congress, according to which, as of 17 August 2023, 102 cases of nsclc patients were included in the group, with the percentage of transition of the baseline couplecns
In 31%, the number of patients receiving three treatment lines is as high as 51%, in 92% of cases treated with tki or immunosuppressants, and in 89% of cases with platinum. The total number of patients in the group is 51%, dcr 87.3%, and mpfs 5.6%.
In September 2023, the esmo Congress disclosed a total of 40 cases of egfr mutation in the group of patients, with a median number of treatments of 3, a 55 per cent shift in the baseline cns, an orr 67.5 per cent transfer in the case of mpfs 5.6, 13 cases, a median treatment line of 3, a 16 per cent shift in the baseline cns and an orr 40.3 per cent transfer in the case of mpfs 5 April.
Figure 23: Effects of treatment of the egfr mutant Nsclc patients in b01d1 treatment, Figure 24: Effects of treatment of the egfr wild Nsclc patients in b01d1 treatment, even if the baseline for admission of the b01d1 patients is poor, the excellent treatments also show their potential to be a pic drug.
By April 2023, we had combed the ib/ii clinical data for all patients treated with nsclcegfrmtki resistance. The results showed that the use of the B01d1 patient baseline was poor in all clinical settings, with 31 per cent of the transition from the accompanying cns and 51 per cent of the three treatment lines. In this case, the effect of the b01d1 treatment is still very high.
Highlights, especially orr data, were particularly prominent, reaching 67.5 per cent, significantly better than the third-combined ds-1062 drugs (16.4 per cent orr), Shr-a1921 (orr 33.3 per cent), Sindha ' s letter-dili note resistance + bellstone resistance + chemotherapy (orr 48.1 per cent). With Colomboteb264 (orr 60 per cent), Kanfang ' s k112 + chemotherapy (orr 68.4 per cent)
In April of that year, we compiled clinical data on patients with high market concerns who were uncarried-driving genetic resistance, and B01d1 showed good treatment in these non-head-to-head comparisons. In 52% of patients, the treatment was accepted.
After more than two systematic treatments, all patients received platinum and 88 per cent received pd1/pdl1 treatment, orr reached 40.3 per cent and dcr 87.1 per cent, with 2.3.3.b01d1 showing efficacy in multiple physical tumours and global monolithic potential.
In June 2023, data from the Asco conference revealed that b01d1 was also well disclosed in nasal cancer (npc), small-cell lung cancer (sclc), and cervical cancer (hnscc). In 24 cases, the median treatment line was three, orr 45.8%, and dcr 100%. In December 2023, the sabcs conference revealed that
b01d1 has anti-cancer effects in breast cancers of varying degrees of expression in her2 and 31.4% in tnbc, 91.4% in dcr, 44.70% in hr+/her2 low/no expression of breast cancer, and 39.1% in breast cancer.
2.3.4. Safety is controlled, and the safety of the target to lower toxicity b01d1 is concentrated in the haemotoxicity associated with chemotherapy, the on-target toxicity is low, and clinical experience with chemo-related toxicity is fully controlled.
According to the data, of 369 patients who were treated under the O3w treatment programme, the incidence of Level 3 trae was 61%, the side effects of the top three decreased by 36% for neutral particle cells, 32% for white cells, and 28% for platelets. Target toxicity such as the main side effects of egfr is relatively low, with the incidence of Level 3 trae being only 1%.
Biologically experienced treatment of chemotherapy-related toxicity and overall safety of b01d1 is good. stomatitis, mothulcation, tangueulcation.6skindisorders: acne, dermatitisallergic, dryskin, eczema, lchinoidkeratosis, palmar-plantar erythrodysaesthesiasyndrome, papule, pruritus, rash, rashmaculo-popular, skinexpolation, skinfissures, sskinyperplatia, sskinicer
2.4.Bms, working with Bulian, to create the next global drug king, b01d1, created a new high initial payment for China's pharmaceutical companies to go out of the sea. In December 2023, the Bulchsenior General Manager, systimmune, inc. and Bms reached an exclusive licensing and cooperation agreement on the bl-b01d1 project.
At the conference, the two sides will cooperate to promote the development and commercialization ofbl-b01d1 in the United States. Systimune will have exclusive responsibility for the development and commercialization of large land areas in China, while bms will have exclusive responsibility for the development and commercialization ofbl-b01d1 in other parts of the world except the United States and mainland China.
Bms pay up to $800 million in initial payments. According to the agreement, after the development, registration and sales milestones have been reached, Systimemune will receive an additional payment of up to $7.1 billion, with potential total transactions of up to $8.4 billion in adc, which will continue to attract multinational giants.
The line deals part of the announced amount of the layout, and there is no doubt that the adc area is the most popular area in the field of tumors, and it will continue to attract investment from large pharmaceutical companies, even non-medical ones, over the next few years.
From a financial point of view, bms and Brestenian's first $800 million transaction were compared to another Mercerton transaction — on 19 October 2023, Mossathon threw $4 billion in the first payment to purchase three adc products (her 3-dxd, i-dxd, r-dxd) of the third total, amounting to an average of about $1.3 billion in the first payment.
The purchase price of her3-dxd (patritumabderuxtecan, u3-1402) appears to be more reasonable, especially when considering the broader potential for expansion of the two-sided adaptive disease and market potential of the bms. The clinical data are similar every month and it is not difficult to see the competitive effects of bl-b01d1.
At the strategic level, with the Pd-1 drug of Mossadon, the “Pharmacist” in 2023, bms urgently needed to strengthen their competitiveness in the oncological treatment market, particularly in Navuliyu, through the acquisition or development of new treatment programmes. The dual resistance adc characteristic of bl-b01d1 not only provided Bms with a stronger product group.
The opportunity to combine, and the egfr and her3 target sites explore the possibility of other pancreas adaptations, especially when combined with other immunotherapy, such as O, may be a new path to treatment of tumours such as lung cancer on the first line of the future. Figure 30: b01d1 expands the layout of bms in a physical tumor.
Overall, bms buybl-b01d1 is a strategic investment that is expected not only to strengthen the company’s position in the field of oncological treatment, but also to provide the basis for its development of other potential adaptive conditions.
Experience with commercialization, and the potential shown by bl-b01d1 in clinical trials, is expected to generate long-term growth momentum for bms and Bailey. Figure 31: b01d1 became an important growth point for bms in the next phase.
2.5.bl-b01d1 Future sales forecast 1. Domestic market sales forecast (1)
As of April 2024, the nsclcegfr mutation of b01d1 was in ii and data were completed. Read, assuming that 2l+ adaptive conditions were on the market in 2027, while 1l was in the early clinical stage, assuming that 1l adaptive conditions were on the market in 2030. According to the epidemiological data mentioned earlier, the number of new lung cancer cases in China in 2022 was 1.06 million.
Annual epidemiological data, Nsclc accounts for approximately 85 per cent of lung cancer, and the egfr mutation type accounts for about 30 per cent of Nsclc; egfrtki treatment has become standard therapy for egfr mutation patients, assuming that 60 per cent of egfrtki-treated patients are resistant to egfr mutation; and b01d1 is a breakthrough innovative treatment, assuming 2l+adaptation
The prevalence rate was 17 per cent in 2037 and 1l in 2037 and 3 per cent in 2037; b01d1 treated the egfr mutation of 2l+ patients for 5.6 months and mpfs for a fake 2l+ patient for an average of 6 months; and, according to the Ositanic efficacy data, they treated the pfs of 1l patients.
For 19 months, assuming that 1l adaptive patients had an average duration of 18 months, based on the cost of 35,000 per cycle of use of the deutsche bead in 2023, 50,000 per cycle of use of the Gosato bead, assuming that the cost of treatment for the first single month of the year in which b01d1 was marketed was approximately $30,000, and taking into account the support of the national health insurance policy for high-value innovative drugs, b01d1 was used as fic.
In 2028, assuming a 40 per cent reduction in the price of access to health care, which is renewed every two years, 20 per cent, 15 per cent and 10 per cent respectively (the price of the adaptive disease below is the same). Taking into account the market pattern of lung cancer in China and the pace of clinical progress, we assume that 80 per cent of the probability of first-line adaptives and 50 per cent of the probability of an adaptive disease in 2l+ are approved, sales projections are made.
(2) Nsclcegfr's wild adaptive sales projection scenario By April 2024, b01d1 Nsclcegfr's wild 2l+ was in ii, completed data Read, assuming 2028 to be marketed while 1l was in the early clinical stage, assuming 2030 to be marketed, as mentioned above
Epidemiological data show that there were 160,000 new cases of lung cancer in China in 2022, and we assume an annual growth rate of 2.0 per cent in the number of patients with lung cancer in China, which is expected to reach 1.242 million in 2030; epidemiological data for 2022, with Nsclc accounting for about 85 per cent of lung cancer, and the egfr mutation type for about 30 per cent of Nsclc, with no driving genetic anomalies
60 per cent; pd1/pdl1+ chemotherapy is a first-line standard treatment programme for wild Nsclc, assuming 70 per cent of 1l patients receiving pd1/pdl1 treatment and further deterioration for the majority of patients, assuming 35 per cent of second-line and above, pd1/pdl1 treatment progress and resistance; and b01d1 1 drug after-line treatment showing excellent performance, assuming 2l+ suitability
In 2037, 12 per cent of the CS and 3 per cent of the CS; in 2037, b01d1 was 5.4 months for patients with only platinum-containing therapy, assuming an average of 5 months for 2l+ADD; and 8.8 months for PABL treatment of 1l patients.
The field-type Nsclc backline treatment has a large unmet clinical need, taking into account the market patterns of lung cancer in China and the speed of clinical progress, assuming a 70% probability of first-line adaptives and a 40% probability of second-line and above, and a risk adjustment to sales projections.
3 Sniffal Cancer Adaptive Marketing Presumptions, as of April 2024, b01d1 nasal carcinomas were in iii and os was the main endpoint, assuming that they were marketed in 2027; according to Globocan Official Network data, 510,000 new nasal cancers were registered in 2022, assuming that
An annual growth rate of 1.5 per cent for new cases of nasal cancer; combined pd-1 platinum treatments have been recommended at the csco level, with a 15 per cent occupancy rate, based on mpfs 7.3 months of treatment of npc in the luppemg/kg group, assuming that the average duration of use of b01d1 is 7 months: lack of immunotherapy for snorting post-cance treatment and non-chemistry for chemotherapy
New treatment programmes, taking into account Chinese market patterns and clinical progress rates, assume 90 per cent probability of approved nasal cancer, with risk adjustments to sales forecasts. (4) hr+programming assumptions for breast cancer adaptive sales
By April 2024, the hr+/her2-breast cancer adaptive phase of b01d1 was in ii, assuming 2028; according to data from the Globocan network, there were 35.72 million new breast cancer cases in 2022, assuming that the new hr+/her2-type of breast cancer accounted for approximately 65 per cent of all breast cancer; and in the 2023 csco guide, hr+/her2-
The first-line treatment for breast cancer is mainly recommended for platinum and cdk4/6, assuming that 50 per cent of the patients will receive post-chemical treatment for 2l; assuming 10 per cent of the occupancy rate for b01d1 in about 2037; assuming an average of 9 months for patients; and considering market patterns and clinical progress rates for breast cancer in China, assuming that b01d1 is 80 per cent successful on the market.
2. United States market sales forecast: (1) Nsclcegfr sales forecast for mutant adaptive disorders. By April 2024, b01d1 was in a bridge-crossing i phase in the United States, working with bms.
It is expected to accelerate the b01d1 overseas clinical process, assuming that 2l+ was listed in 2028 and 1l in 2029; according to the epidemiological data mentioned above, 226,000 new cases of lung cancer were recorded in 2022 in the United States, and we assume that the annual rate of growth of new lung cancers in the United States is 2 per cent, with 26.4 million people expected to be registered in 2030.
The share of lung cancer is about 85%, the proportion of egfr mutagenics in the Nsclc population in the United States is about 15%, and 70% of the egfr mutagenics after treatment by egfrtki. b01d1 is a breakthrough and innovative treatment, assuming that the 2l+ occupancy rate was 15% in about 2037 and the 1l adaptive rate was 5% in about 2037; taking into account the United States,
The patient has a higher capacity to pay, assuming that the cost of treatment is about $150,000 in January for b01d. Taking into account the competitive market for lung cancer in the United States and the pace of clinical progress, assuming 60% probability of first-line analytics, 90% probability of second-line and above, (2) projection of wild-type adaptive sales of nsclcegfr
Annual listing, 1l in 2030; epidemiological data for 2022, 75 per cent of non-carried-driven genetic anomalies and 70 per cent of pd1/pdl1 users; in 2023, in the nccn guide, the recommended pd-1/l1 treatment was a wild type 12 per cent and 1l 3.5 per cent for the final b01d12l+ year or so.
For chemotherapy patients, mpfs are 5.4 months, assuming an average of 5 months for 2l+ patients, and 8.8 months for 1l patients, taking into account the average duration of 1l. Taking into account the higher capacity of American patients to pay, the cost of treatment in January is assumed to be about $150,000. Considering the cost of lung cancer in the United States, the cost of treatment in January is assumed to be 150,000.
Field competition patterns and clinical progress rates, assuming 70 per cent probability of first-line adaptive approval, 40 per cent probability of second-line approval and above, with risk adjustments to sales projections. (4) hr+/her2-breast cancer adaptive marketing assumptions
By April 2024, hr+/her2-breast cancer adaptive to b01d1 was at an early stage, assuming that it was marketed in 2030; according to the Globocan official network, there were 2,744,000 new breast cancer cases in the United States in 2022, assuming that the United States breast hr+/her2- was responsible for about 70 per cent of all breast cancers; and the 2023 csco guide, hr+/her2- breast cancer I
Line therapy is mainly recommended for platinum therapy and cdk4/6, assuming that 50% of patients will receive 2l after chemotherapy; fake patients have a higher capacity to pay, assuming that the cost of treatment in January is about $150,000 for b01d. Taking into account the competitive patterns of the United States market for breast cancer and the pace of clinical progress, it is assumed that b01d1 has a 60% success rate on the market, with a risk adjustment to sales projections.
Multiple anti-core platforms, multi-potential drugs ready for distribution.
10 si-b001 and si-b003 projects with innovative biopharmaceutical clinical phases have advanced to clinical stage 3 and multiple potential fic-bic drug varieties are advancing closely. 3.1.si-b001:Fic drugs show positive treatment effects among backline patients
The si-b001 is the first egfr/her3-resistance with the potential of fic. It can block the combination of egfr on the thin side of the tumor with its egf, her3 with its nrg1 formulation, and inhibit the formation of the resulting egfr congener and egfr with her3 heterogeneity.
Her3-related signal transmission routes such as ras-mapk, pi3k-akt, jak-stat, and so on, inhibit the growth, survival and transfer of the tumor cells for the purpose of killing the tumor cells. Si-b001 enhances the specific target direction of the tumor cells through special molecular designs. This design ensures resistance.
The body can only be integrated with her3 after the combination of the egfr, thus making si-b001 molecules more effective in expressing the concentration of the tumor cells on the surface of the egfr and her3. Such properties not only reduce the non-target binding of the normal cell Her3 but also reduce the damage to the normal tissue, while increasing the effectiveness and safety of the treatment.
Egf egf egf
Egf egf binary
Binary, binary, binary.
egfregfr egfrfrfrtype: bi-specific antibodies
Adaptive: Non-small cell lung cancer, rectum cancer, cervical cancer, stomach cancer, etc. Project progress: ii clinical trials
Activate ras-mapk, pi3k-akt, jak-stat, plc-y patients into group: 140 in ii Oncological cell multiplication, survival and transfer
I clinical data for si-b001 show better efficacy and safety of the drug. Due to the wider distribution of egfr and her3 in organs such as skin, gastrointestinal tract, antibody drugs directed at egfr or her3 often result in skin toxicity reactions such as rashes, skin drying, and gastrointestinal toxicity effects such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, etc.
In clinical I studies, the probability of dermal toxicity is generally lower than in Xictosque and u3-1402; the probability of gastrointestinal tract toxicity is generally lower than in Xicoxin, u3-1402 and duligotuzumab, no drug-related deaths, and the overall safety is good.
dcr 42.59%. si-b001 has advanced clinically on multiple cancers, and preliminary treatment results indicate that it is expected to fill the post-treatment pd-(l) 1 gap. si-b001 is now on multiple upper-skinc tumours in non-small cell lung cancer, rectal cancer, cavity scale cancer, and neck cancer.
The company, in collaboration with Aslicon, carried out two clinical studies, si-b001, orr 25.00%, and dcr 91.67%, of wild nsclc.
The number of patients with re-emerging transiental neck cancers that have undergone Pd-(l) 1 single anti-platinum therapy was 61.54% for 13 assessable patients and 92.31% for dcr. The company also conducted a clinical ii study on second-line and back-line treatment for re-occupancy transfer of carcinomas in the ophthalmic tubes, as of 30 November 2022, in a high dose group.
In 11 cases, orr reached 45.45% and dcr 90.91%. si-b001 Chinese market sales forecasts and assumptions: annual listing, egfr wild type 2l+ approved for listing in 2030; lung cancer data based on Section 2.5 projection; 2022
Epidemiological data, Nsclc accounts for approximately 85 per cent of lung cancer, egfr mutagenic types for about 30 per cent of Nsclc, and no-drive genetic anomalies for 60 per cent; si-b001 post-pharmaceutical treatment shows excellent performance, assuming 10 per cent for egfr mutation type 2l+ adaptive steady state occupancy in 2037, and egfr for wildlife in 2037
8%; assuming that the egfr mutagenic 2l+ adaptives average six months and the egfr wild 2l+ average five months. Assuming that the cost of treatment for the first single month of the si-b001 listing is about $30,000, the price falls by 40% for the first year of entry, and then falls to 14,000/month after two years, to 12,000/month after two years, and remains stable thereafter.
Taking into account the competitive market patterns of lung cancer in China and the speed of clinical progress, assuming a 50% approval probability of egfr wild type 2l+ and a 70% approval probability of egfr mutation type 2l+, the sales forecast is adjusted for risk. 3.2.si-b003: bi-anti-stone drugs for immunization activation
Si-b003 is a two-pillar drug developed independently by the company for the treatment of physical tumors. It can target and block both pd-1 and ctla-4 targets, which are currently in the clinical stage of ii. In tumor cells, pd-1 blockages can lead to an upward revision of the surrogate of ctla-4 in some patients’ t-cells, and vice versa, ctla-4 blockages can also be adjusted upwards at pd-1.
The target is also pd-1 and ctla-4, which are expected to produce more functional anti-cancer t-cells. And si-b003 is expected to increase anti-cancer activity by reducing the combination of pd-1 and ctla-4 with their formulations, while also increasing the immune response of the seb super-antigen-guided and restoring the immune effect of the t-cells. On the safety side, si-b003 is justified.
The initial data for the clinical I part of si-b003 are positive. In terms of safety, the adverse effects are mostly minor and undetected.
Of the 46 cases assessed, orr was 19.56%, dcr 56.52%, of which 20 cases involved a physical tumor patient with pd-1(l1) antitherapy orr 25% and dcr 65%. The possibility of co-use of si-b003 in first-line treatment of tumours is being actively explored.
I clinical trials for multi-entity post-cancer patients with b003 single medications, joint si-b001 treatment for first-line cervical cancers, further applications were made for a bed trial for the joint “bl-b01d1+si-b003 GH” programme for the treatment of multiple first-line physical cancer patients, which was approved, and the next step is to move forward with the key registered clinical studies of si-b003 and other drug combinations.
3.3.bl-m07d1: Self-research her2adc. Bl-m07d1 in front-to-head clinical ii stage advance is her2adc drug developed independently by the Bulí, with preclinical data better than ds-8201. Similar to bl-m02d1, bl-m07d1 uses a tortile small molecular toxin ed-04 and ac connect.
Head, drugs are better water-friendly and less easily concentrated, and they are more safe and resistant to tumours in the body. Preclinic studies show that in different tumor models, bl-m07d1 is better than the third-combined target of her2-adc drug ds-8201. In the nsclc cell nci-h 1975 mouse model, 28 days after the use of the drug, as shown in the graph.
M07d1 causes tumor cells to shrink in sizes much larger than ds-8201. Early treatment data are excellent, and the iii phase of t-dm1 is progressing. M07d1 early clinical data published at the 2023 esmo conference also show good initial anti-cancer activity in breast cancer patients.
In order to fully assess the effectiveness and safety of m07d1 in the larger population, in March 2024, Bailey registered a comparison of bl-
M07d1 and t-dm1 are random pairs of non-cut local late or transient her2 positive breast cancer patients, following the iii clinical study, which started in April of the same year.
3.4.bl-m02d1: High-expressed neoplasm cell-specific combinations, which are absorbed by cells via internal ingestion. In cells, m02d1 releases the small molecular toxin it carries with hydrolysis enzyme, completing dna reproduction and rna synthesis of the tumor cell.
And trop2 is widely expressed in different types of tumours, and is therefore expected to be used for the treatment of multiple physical tumours such as trineal breast cancer, lung cancer, digestive tumors. bl-m02d1 shows anti-cancer activity that is better than the adc drug with the same target to trop2.
Ming, the results of the tests for the suppression of various tumor models show that bl-m02d1 is better than the third-combined target trop2- which causes the tumor cell to shrink significantly above ds-1062. The company has now conducted two separate multi-dose group bl-m02d1 clinical I studies, which are in the dosimetric slope phase and is expected to complete the i phase in the first half of 2023.
Figure 45: bl-m02d1 Preclinical data 3.5.gnc: The global four-specific antibodies platform, the gnc molecular structure platform, was developed autonomously by the company. The platform was completed.
Intellectual property rights (IPRs) are mainly used to develop multi-specific structural domains with symmetric/asymmetric structures that can target four different antigens simultaneously, 4-1bb structural domains, pd-l1 structural domains) and a different combined (taa) structural area.
Four-specific antibodies have a unique advantage in relation to single-double resistance: (a) gnc molecules can combine four tumor-related targets at the same time to achieve synergy; (b) gnc molecules have the effect of “target-to-immunization + escape suppression”, using cd3 and 4-1bb live immune cells, while the target reduces immunity flight to pd-l1; (c) gnc score.
The difference in the tumor antigens determines the differences in the adaptive conditions of the four hex antibodies, with companies leading the world in multi-resilient research and development, layout and progress. No three or four heterogeneous antibodies are currently on the market.
The tumor antigen is cd19 and is to be used in the future for the treatment of blood system tumours such as non-Hoochkin lymphoma and acute leukemia. The company has now completed the grouping of 47 patients (38 in Ia and 9 in ib) and the Ib clinical entry in 2023. The tumor antigen is to be used in the egfrviii structural field of gnc-039 and is to be used in the treatment of high-level cerebral osmomas in the future.
The company has now completed the grouping of 22 patients at the dose-upgrading stage. The tumor antigen gnc-035 is a ror1 area and is to be used in the future for the treatment of breast cancer, relapsing non-hodgkin lymphoma, etc./disposable tumours. The company has now completed the grouping and delivery of 29 patients (28 in Ia and 1 in ib) and completed the Ia clinical phase in the first half of 2023.
Ib clinical integration was completed in 2023. 4. Solid cash flow of chemicals and Chinese preparations, innovative biopharmaceutical development of anti-breathing, Bulian development started with chemical imitation and mesmerized medicine, which was fully developed after more than 25 years of operation.
Production and distribution systems. Revenues are currently stable, providing a sustained cash flow for business operations and development. In the future, the Bailey plan is to move generics to international markets, with Chinese R & D, Central America and Europe registered simultaneously, and China producing and Central America 4.1.
In order to achieve the goal of spreading generics to the international market, the company plans to build in China to meet United States fda standards.
Production bases, followed by the acquisition of a small fda standard production base in the United States, facilitated the approval of generic pharmaceuticals in the United States and government procurement, which resulted in the acquisition of more than 20 series of United States counterfeit product batches over a period of 10 years, resulting in a 100-plus gold standard generic drug series.
4.2. Medium medicines: The market pattern of the core varieties is solid. The company has mainly distributed the two core varieties of yellow and woody particles in the middle medicine sector. With the good drug treatment and the slogans accumulated over the years, the market rate has been close to 80 per cent over the years and the market is the largest.
The company ' s products currently in the iii clinical phase are bl-b01d1 and si-b001, and key assumptions are made in the sales forecast, among other things, the main factors in the sales forecast and the sales price, with corresponding risk-adjusted revenue projections; bms entered into a cooperation agreement with the company on bl-b01d1, which will pay the company an advance of $800 million (the company ' s public on 10 March 2024).
Recognizing the receipt of) and up to $500 million in contingent near-term payments, and that companies are eligible to receive up to $7.1 billion in additional payments, with a potential total value of up to $8.4 billion, after certain development, regulatory and sales performance milestones have been achieved, which assumes annual recognition of the Bd milestone revenue over the coming years; traditional operations, subject to industry factors such as clustering,
At the stage of research and development inputs, it is not yet possible to make a profit. We have selected a representative company for innovative medicines in the same phase, including Baoutai, Mawe, Dizzy as a comparable company, all of which have a core of innovative pharmaceutical products.
It can significantly increase the value and global position of companies, taking into account the global market value of the core product,bl-b01d1, which can be valued in 2025. The innovative adc, multi-resistant platforms, and so on, are more innovative.
For the company’s rapid income growth, Bulian is still undervalued. For the first time, it is covered, with a “buy-in” rating.
When the results of the test or follow-up fall short of expectations, the company will be exposed to risks such as a lower income than expected.
There is a risk of cooperation, authorization, etc.: there is a partnership with pharmaceutical companies like Bms, and there is an agreement.
\triangleright Drug sales are less likely than expected: projections for the sale of Ballian, based on the ability to build in the future of Balliantin.
A good system of commercialization, with the ability to join a sales team, may not be able to reach its peak. The risk of price drops exceeding expectations and increased competition in market patterns: the area of disease in which the products of Ballishin are located, while the more targeted adc products are being developed and may be driven in the future by intense competition.
Risks associated with global operations: the future of Breathing may be developed and commercialized globally, and the company’s global \triangleright operations may be affected by changes in international relations, geopolitical changes, changes in local laws, etc.
\triangleright \triangleright
The impact of lower prices cannot be compensated. Risk of loss of core technicians, executives: maintaining the stability of core technicians and executive teams is public \triangleright
The Department's management and R & D are key, and the cohesiveness of the core technical staff reflects the core competition for corporate governance and management. Given the increased competition for future innovative medicines, the capture of core technical staff will be one of the challenges for the company's future development, and the loss of core technical staff will be one of the core risks that companies face.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Bae Tianhein-u. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.