The company, as a comprehensive port operator, provides comprehensive port-related services and operates four main port areas in the Qingdao Grand Port Area, the former Bay Area, the Yellow Island Oil Port Area and the Dong Harbour Area. It provides a wide range of operations, mainly in the areas of container, metal ore, coal, crude oil etc., logistics and port value-added services, port support services, etc.
(1) In 1892, the Qingdao port opened for more than 120 years and was one of the world ' s largest integrated ports. In 2017, the Qingdao port region ranked sixth in total cargo throughput and eighth in container throughput among the world ' s main coastal ports. The company is the main operator of the Qingdao port area, with 89.8 per cent of the cargo through the port in 2017.
(3) The Qingdao Port area, located at the heart of the Chinese Rim Sea port community and the Yangtze delta port community, occupies a central position along the ports of North-East Asia, is an important international trade and transport hub in the Western Pacific, and one of the most dense ports in the northern part of China, which is gradually becoming an important bridgehead for the nation's “one-way” crossroads. The Qingdao Port area is a long-standing deep-water port with the capacity to dock the world's largest oil tankers.
The Hong Kong district also benefits from the developed network of roads, railways, waterways, pipelines in Qingjia. (3) The company’s diverse types of goods and a broad customer base cover many areas of the Chinese economy and are better able to benefit from the overall growth of China’s economy.
The combination of services enables companies to adjust the allocation of port resources to market changes in order to take full advantage of their facilities. (4) Companies strengthen new mechanisms for integrating and developing “port loading + logistics” and continuously expand the new business of modern integrated logistics, leading to an expansion of the chain of logistics industries from the docks to the downstream. Companies form joint ventures with socially advantaged logistics players to enhance the professional operation of logistics services.
The company is also building on the advantages of pooling information at its core node to enhance Internet technology development, build a logistics power provider’s service platform, improve operating efficiency, optimize the allocation of social logistics resources, and gradually grow into the organizer and leader of a modern logistics supply chain. Sofang: Master’s degree in financial engineering at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, China, 2015.
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.