Global deployment of high-quality lithium resources, reaping the dividends of new energy development — first-time coverage of the lithium industry (002466.sz).
The Taiwan Lithium industry, the world's leading producer of lithium products, has acquired the core upstream resources and processing capabilities of the new energy industry, including the products of lithium concentrate and lithium compounds.
The Division was listed on a stock in 2010 and received an approval from the CVMh Unit on 9 November 2018 to issue no more than 328 million shares. If the H share is issued, the net assets of listed companies will increase, asset-liability ratios will be reduced, and companies will be more risk-resistant.
The purchase of sqm to strengthen the company’s resources and cost advantages, and the price cycle to strengthen the company’s leader: The scale and grade of the Green Bush mine is the highest in the world in terms of the distribution of lithium resources. The saqm’s salaldeatacama has 42.9 million tons of lithium.
The company has completed the purchase of about 23.77% of a classa shares for sqm, which will build the cost and size advantages of high-quality lithium resources and consolidate a leading position in the cost of producing lithium products. Therefore, the price is lower.
In the meantime, companies are actively expanding lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate production from Australian and domestic bases.
Companies have long benefited from the development dividend of the new energy sector, with the first coverage rated as “strongly recommended.” China and the global new energy cars have remained growing rapidly, with our new energy cars breaking out in 2020.
2. The energy density performance requirements of power cells will continue to increase and the high nickelization process will drive demand for lithium hydrogen oxide;
Market participants are rational, starting to shrink capacity or withdraw from the market after prices fall to the production cost line, making the price cycle stable from the bottom as supply decreases; 4. Firms have stable debt-servicing capacity after mergers and acquisitions of sqm, and sqm will continue to receive a high proportion of the dividends;
1. At the strategic level, we believe that the core advantage of lithium producers is their right to have access to a large amount of low-cost upstream resources in order to gain a competitive advantage, and that the company ' s series of M & As initiatives reflect forward-looking layouts, capital operations and
2. At the operational level, we believe that the demand for lithium hydroxide is likely to increase with high nickelization and to support prices. With the successive release of 48,000 tons of capacity for the new lithium hydroxide, it is expected that the company’s performance will continue to increase at a high rate.
3. With regard to financial performance, we believe that sqm’s dividends will ease the pressure on repayment of interest on M&A loans, and that the level of indebtedness will increase in the short term, but will provide the basis for seeking a greater market share in the medium to long term. Moreover, the issue of debt swaps and h shares will largely solve the problem of corporate repayments.
4. In terms of capital market performance, buying may be difficult when markets generally see their prices go up and invest, and historically it is almost impossible to predict accurately the bottom of the price. We believe that the biggest drop in the price of lithium products has passed and has been triggered by the rapid growth of the industry of new energy cars.
The demand will continue to grow, the supply and demand situation will reverse at some point in the two years, and the current valuation will be done. Because the nca and ncm 811 batteries require lithium hydroxide, the high landscape of the new energy car market will be the main pull factor for downstream demand.
The cost of processing for lithium producers is significantly lower than that of producers based on halogen water, which would enhance the company’s resource advantage. Moreover, if the domestic price of lithium carbonate continues to be below $70,000 per tonne, it would blow through many of the producers’ production cost lines that do not have the right or stable supply of lithium concentrates, leading to a gradual phase-out of the market.
Considering the strong downstream demand from high nickel batteries and the natural adjustment of the price cycle, for the first time we gave a “strongly recommended” rating to cover the development dividend in the energy sector of the company’s business. Capabilities have not advanced as expected; lithium prices have fallen; high nickelization has not advanced as expected; and M&A loan debt has been repaid.
Risks; overseas operating risks; h share issue risks to a share price; capture of changes in the new energy industry, strategic M & A achievement industry status 1.1, over 20 rounds of deep-dry lithium industry, challenging the global lithium giants
Lithium Tianqi is the world’s leading producer of lithium products, with a new energy material company with lithium at its core. The company has industries across Asia, Oceania, with production, resource-based sites or branches in Sichuan, Jiangsu, Chongqing, China, and Australia.
In metal form, lithium is a soft, silver-grey metal with good conductivity and conductivity. Because of its reactive nature, lithium does not use it.
Pure elemental metal forms exist, but are present in minerals. After extraction from minerals or halogen water, lithium can be converted into various compounds and derivatives of commercial application, such as lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide and lithium metal. Lithium is widely used in a variety of industries, including batteries, ceramics, glass, lubricants, metallurgical powder and air treatment.
According to Roskhill, the company is the third largest producer of lithium compounds in the world and the first producer of lithium compounds in Asia. According to downstream applications, the company is the world’s second largest industrial producer of lithium carbonate, the world’s third largest battery of lithium carbonate and the world’s fifth largest industrial supplier of lithium hydroxide and lithium hydroxide in batteries, and the world’s fourth largest chlorine supplier.
Lithium oxide and lithium metal suppliers. By the end of 2017, the company ' s total capacity had risen from 25.7 million tons in 2015 to 348.8 million tons of lithium compounds and derivatives in 2017.
According to the Roskhill report, the company is the second largest producer of lithium in the world and the largest producer in Asia in 2017, and one of the few global producers of lithium that is fully vertically integrated upstream and midstream.
The company ' s operations cover the critical stages of the lithium industrial chain, including lithium primary mining, lithium concentrate processing and lithium chemical manufacturing. In the case of lithium halogenated water, the company has 50 per cent and 20 per cent options for salares7project through its controlling subsidiary, Telison, and 20 per cent of Zabuye Salt Lake, Tibet, through a bid by the equity exchange.
In the case of ore lithium, the company has been able to obtain high-quality, low-yield lithium concentrates on a large and stable scale from the Greenbush mine, thereby achieving self-sufficiency in lithium raw materials and efficient production of high-quality lithium chemical products and ensuring consistency, stability and high quality of the product. Tyllison's lithium concentrates are sold mainly to two shareholders, namely, the Tinchi lithium industry.
The company-owned Telison owns the world’s largest and best-quality lithium quartz mine, which is currently being mined in the world.
One Western Australian greenbushes (Grembush mine) is the world’s largest technology-grade producer of lithium concentrate. Venfield has 100% interest in Tyllison and Greenbust mines, the company has 51% interest in Venfield, and the remaining 49% is owned by rtlithium.
The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Lithium Shenzhen, owns the right to mine the Tsola lithium quartz mine in Yajiang County, Sichuan, which has been identified as containing a mine of 19.714 million tons of stones, 255,744 tons of lithium oxide equivalent, 1.3 per cent of the average lithium oxide grade, and approximately 630,000 tons of lithium equivalent carbonated acid.
While promoting growth within the company, the company continues to engage in extended M&As around the corporate strategy. On 17 May 2018, the Department entered into an agreement with the Nutrien Group on the purchase of shares to purchase the sum of its total holdings.
About 23.77% of the Chilean lithium producer sqm (category A share) buys $4,066 million at $65 a share in cash. The total amount of money to be paid for this purchase is approximately $4,226 billion, including US$ 1 million. When the equity deal is completed, the company will hold approximately 25.86% of the stock of the sqm and will be second in number.
According to the Rosskill report, sqm is the world’s largest producer of lithium chemical products at 2017 production rates. The deal will further consolidate the company’s industrial position and produce sustainable, stable and attractive sqm statutes, unless different categories of shareholders are unanimously adopted at their respective shareholders’ meetings (other parties).
Otherwise, at least 30% of the company’s net profits in the current fiscal year would be used to distribute dividends of gold to shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings. In 2016-2017, the net profits of sqm were $281,924 and $428,417, respectively, and performance continued to increase.
100 per cent of net profit was distributed as dividends; the stockholders ' meeting held by sqm on 28 April 2018 decided to distribute 100 per cent of net profit in 2017 as dividends, with a red rate well higher than the loan structure of $2.5 billion divided into trancea ($1+1) and tranceb $1.2 billion.
3 + 1 + 1 year, $1 billion in loans with 1 + 1 year duration structure. On 5 December 2018 (Chilean local time), the company completed the payment of the price of the transaction and the transfer of shares in the Sqm 62,556,568a category. At present, the company holds 62,556,568,668 shares in the Sqm a group, and 5,516,772 shares in the b group.
Cross-border acquisition of sqm transaction structure, subject to the financial costs incurred by the additional liability, resulting in a reduction in the amount of revenue per share of the listed company, from $1.94/stock before the transaction to $0.93/stock for the transaction reserve examination.
The purchase price of this stock purchase for sqm will be used as a long-term equity investment and will be accounted for as an investment cost under the equity method. As a result, stock price fluctuations in sqm will not have a direct impact on the company ' s financial statements. In addition, in accordance with the accounting standards regulations, companies will be subject to impairment tests for long-term equity investments per fiscal year, if any.
Value signs, prepared to be reflected by the calculation of impairments. 1.2, multi-point layouts in and out of the country, a+h stock listings increase capital strength. The controlling shareholders of the company are Tianqi Group, with 35.86 per cent shareholding, and the company actually controls Chiang.
Weiping couple. The company operates offshore and offshore production and marketing operations, its controlling subsidiary, Telison, from the mining and supply of lithium quarries, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hung Tianqi and Jiang Su Tianqi, which are mainly involved in the production of lithium chemical products, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, which is involved in the sale and sale of lithium chemical products and in the production of technical lithium concentrates.
Trade operations in the Chinese region, the wholly-owned lithium-rich industry, are currently mainly involved in the construction of the Zhela Lithite Mining Plant in Ghaz. The wholly-owned company, Tianqi Australia, is currently mainly involved in the construction of the battery-grade lithium hydrohydroxide (hydroxide) project. The holding company, Chongqing, is mainly involved in the production, processing and sale of lithium metal and its materials.
Figure 5: Corporate equity structure. H shares are to be financed on the Hong Kong joint exchange.
The net assets of listed companies will increase when the shares are released, asset-liability ratios will be reduced, and corporate resistance to corporate equity fund-raising balances of $1.634 billion in December 2017 will be fully spent on cash purchases of sqm in Western Australia, with insufficient funds still being self-financed by the company.
1.3. The growth rate of earnings has remained relatively high, with profits well above those of peers q3 in 2018, operating revenues of $4,759 million, an increase of 20.17 per cent over the same period, net return to mothers of $1.689 billion, benefiting from the rise in lithium prices driven by downstream demand, and the company ' s Māori rate of lithium concentrate and lithium products remaining high in water
Ping. In 2018 q3, the combined Māori rate was 70.12% higher than in the lithium industry, the melting stock, the Arsenal Group, while the financial costs of the company increased by $12,459.75 million over the same period in 2017, mainly due to increased borrowing of interest and loss on exchange. We expect a range of capital, such as sqm acquisitions, h shares and transhipments.
The company’s financial and management cost rates will rise in the short term. By counting the billions, the company’s share earnings would be about $750 million, which would greatly ease the interest pressure on cross-border M&As.
In the long run, sqm acquisitions have helped companies to resist industrial cycle fluctuations.
2.1. Greenbush ore resources lead, antarcama is the lowest cost of lithium halogen. Lithium crystallization can be divided into lithium crystal rock and continental lithium halogenide.
Lithium-containing halogen water in salt marshes and salt lakes is pumped to the ground and is usually produced by solar evaporation, ion exchange or other upgrading technology to concentrate lithium halogen water concentrates of between 3 and 6%, which can then be further processed into lithium compounds.
According to usgs, the bulk of the lithium reserves are located in Chile, China, Australia and Argentina, accounting for 48 per cent, 21 per cent, 17 per cent and 13 per cent of the global total, respectively.
Compared to a grade of about 2.1 per cent, the mineral reserves of hard rock lithium mining plants, short-term producers, etc., in most operations, amount to less than 1 million tons of lce and a scale of 0.9 to 1.5 per cent for lithium oxide.
In terms of the distribution of halogened water resources, the saladeatacama of sqm has 42.9 million tons of lithium, the world ' s largest halogenated water reserve, with a lithium grade of 1840 ppm, the highest of all halogenated water resources.
By contrast, most of the halogened water resources are 1-7 million tonnes lce, with a taste range of 300-1000 ppm. The global distribution of lithium halo-water reserves was about 307,000 tonnes of lce in 2017, and Telison was the largest producer of lithium, accounting for 29%.
Next is sqm. Global lithium suppliers include, inter alia, Telison, Chile sqm, Australia ' s reedindustrial merals, albermarle, Galaxyresources and fmc. Global lithium production distribution in 2017 (by control)
Figure 16: Distribution of global lithium production (by operator) in 2017: Tyllison, reedinudstrianalminerals-mtmarion, mt.catlin for Galaxy resources, merralresources-wodgina mines are the main hard rock lithium resource providers, sqm, albermarle, fmc,
Lithium Qinghai Buddha Energy Development Co. Ltd., orocombre is the main producer of lithium from salt lakes and halowater mines, reaching 1.4 million tons of lce a year, and the largest increase in mining capacity is in mineral production from Australia and halogen from Chile (lce, thousands of tons)
Lithium refining consists mainly of lithium compounds, lithium metal and technical-grade lithium concentrates, output from halogen water production, mineral production and small recovery. There are only a limited number of companies supplying lithium products, broken down by albermarle and sqm.
For the next 10 years, the sales of lithium compounds will increase mainly from the battery-grade lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate. Lithium carbonate is a white fine powder that can be produced directly from halogenated water and minerals.
Tens of thousands of tons of lce, or 71% of the battery-grade lithium carbonate. Starting in 2009, battery-grade lithium carbonate was sold in excess of the technical-grade lithium carbonate, and since 2012 battery-grade lithium carbonate has grown at an annual rate of 16.8%, while industrial-grade lithium carbonate has grown at an annual rate of 2.3%. According to Roskhill, sales of technical-grade lithium carbonate are expected to be annualized.
3.1% of the rate of increase reached 50,850 t lce in 2027, and the battery-grade lithium carbonate corresponds to a composite increase of lithium hydroxide as a white fine powder, either extracted directly from lithium concentrate or converted through lithium carbonate. Lithium hydroxide was used mainly in lithium base lubricants and is now being gradually used in lithium cells in 2017.
The sales of lithium oxide are 383,000 tonnes lce, with batteries accounting for 51%. The industrial-grade lithium hydroxide will increase at an annual rate of 5.5% by 31.875 million tonnes in 2027, while the sales of lithium hydroxide in the battery-grade are expected to increase at an annual rate of 43.2% by 2027 by 711,000 tonnes.
As the demand for higher active battery positives increases, battery-grade lithium hydroxide is expected to go beyond battery-grade lithium carbonate and become the main product consumed in the market for rechargeable batteries in 2024 or earlier. Lithium hydroxide extracted from minerals is characterized by low impurities, and therefore more than lithium in halogenated water when sold to positive manufacturers.
Lithium metal can be produced by processing lithium chloride. The sale of lithium metal in 2017 was 3,750 tons, or about 20,000 tons of lce, of which 50% was used in sodium, catalyst-grade lithium. Much of this supply is produced from the chlorinated lithium raw materials recovered in the catalyst industry. Lithium metal sales are expected to increase by 5% per year in 2027.
Technology-grade lithium concentrates are used for ceramics, glass, and metallurgical applications and are consumed directly. Telison is the largest producer of technical-grade lithium concentrates. Technical-grade lithium concentrate suppliers will reach 5.1 million lce in 2027, with annual increases.
According to Roskhill data, global sales of lithium carbonate were close to 130,000 in 2018, and lithium hydroxide was close to 40,000 tons, and the production of additional lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide by domestic producers alone was close to 200,000 and 165,000 tons, respectively, by 2020, with the vast majority scheduled to continue production in 2019.
In 2018, investment in the lithium industry and the creation of new energy heat released production. According to the Chinese Association of Colored Association Lithium branch, the total capacity of the country ' s lithium salt in 2018 was 492,000 tons, and the total production of lithium salt was about 2018, when the main enterprises in the lithium industry expanded their production.
On October 28, 2018, a ceremony was held for the start-up of the titanium-grade titanium-carbonate project. On December 4, last year, the Suining city government signed a contract with Tianqi-Lith, Inc., to host its most advanced lithium-material production plant, which is an important component of the Tianqi industry’s goal of achieving 100,000 tons of lithium-chemical products by 2020.
The Tianqi Lithium project will be completed in two phases. Of this amount, a 20,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project is planned to invest $1.5 billion. In addition, it is expected that mainstream overseas producers such as fmc, ocorobre, fmc, alermarle, etc. are actively expanding the capacity of alb lithium processing (tonnes)
Table 9: Flumc lithium processing capacity (tonnes), in addition to the Tinchi lithium industry, the capacity of the lithium compounds in the industry will also be raised around 2020 to close to the capacity of the lithium processing capacity in the Rufus lithium industry (tonnes)
According to the lithium resources of the Taiwan lithium industry, it owns the world’s highest-quality Greenbush and antarcama salt lakes. 51% of the company’s share in Telison owns the world’s largest lithium quarries, greenbushes (Greenbush).
According to 29 per cent of the total global lithium supply in 2017 and 48 per cent of the total global supply of hard-rock lithium, the amount of resources is 165 million tons, the equivalent of 8.33 million tons of lithium carbonate, the yield of 6.9 million tons of lce, with an average grade of 2-2.1 per cent, and the cost of lithium concentrates (6 per cent) is around $180 (relevant to the AUS$ exchange rate).
For 740,000 tons, the company is expanding its production, with lithium concentrates expected to expand to 1.32 million tons by 2019. Telison also owns 50% of Salares7 (salares7 owns seven saline lakes in Chile).
Limbushtown, the main bulk disposal port in the southwest of Western Australia. The mine began producing lithium concentrates in 1983, and was acquired by companies in 2014.
In terms of mining production, the Green Bush mine has the lowest production cost. At present, the Green Bush mine has two production plants that process lithium ore rock into lithium ore, adjacent to open-air mining operations. The two plants are tgp at the technical level and cgp1 at the chemical level, respectively, to produce lithium ore containing all levels of grade and different levels of impurities.
Technical-grade lithium concentrates are derived from technical-level plants, and chemical-grade lithium concentrates containing more iron are produced from chemical-grade plant 1. According to bda, chemical-grade plants number 1 produce about 550,000 tons per year, containing a minimum 6% lithium oxide grade. According to bda, the annual capacity of technical-level plants is about 150,000 tons per year.
It includes a number of processing plants, shredders, a sewage treatment plant, electricity and water supply facilities, an experimental room, an administrative office, occupational health and safety training offices, specialized mine rescue areas, shops, warehouses, workshops, and engineering offices.
The company produces technical- and chemical-grade lithium concentrates in Greenbush, the main difference between the two products is the concentration of lithium and iron oxides and the size of particles. The technical-grade lithium concentrates contain 5 to 7.2% lithium oxide and the chemical-grade lithium concentrates contain 6% lithium oxide. The end-users of the technical-grade lithium concentrates are mainly in glass, ceramics and ceramics.
The end-user of the chemical-grade lithium concentrate is mainly the producer of lithium compounds and the manufacturing plant. According to the Roskhill report, Tyllison was the technical-grade lithium product with the largest capacity and sales to end-user businesses during the period 2012-2017, transported by road from the Green Bush mine to a designated port for overseas shipments.
Lithium concentrates are further shipped to China, where they can be consumed in bulk through a lithium compound plant, or repackaged into smaller quantities of products that are delivered directly to the customer. Technical lithium concentrates are also shipped directly from Australia in bulk or packaged form to other countries.
In April 2012, the company obtained a licence for the exploration and mining of the lithium quartz deposits at the Yangtze Tsola mine, which is part of the larger meth Kari mine, which is considered to be China.
In October 2013, the Land Resources Agency of Ganz suspended the project and is currently undeveloped. The company is also involved in 20% of Zabuye Salt Lake, which currently has 60-70%.
The salt lake is the rare carbon-acid lake with a low magnesium ion content, and currently uses solar pool processes, with a cost of 60-70% of lithium carbonate at less than RMB 10,000, but there are no plans to expand production.
On 17 May 2018, the company signed an agreement for the purchase of shares in sqm to purchase 62,556,568 seriesa shares in sqm held by nutrien for $4.07 billion, or 23.77 per cent of the shares issued by sqm.
At present, the company holds 2.1% of a series of shares, so that together it will hold 25.86% of the shares, making it the second largest. Sqm, based in Santiago de Chile, was created in 1986 and is listed on the Santiago Stock Exchange, the San Diego Electronic Stock Exchange, the Valparaiso Stock Exchange and the New Exchange.
The world’s largest producer of refined lithium-based products, 4.45 million tons lce. Som is one of the industry’s oldest suppliers of agrochemical fertilizers and lithium products. Sodium nitrate and potassium nitrate production for industrial and agricultural purposes is the world’s number one and the world’s largest producer of iodine.
Sqm has been working in the nitrate industry in Chile for 49 years, developing new production processes and technologies and establishing a leading position in the global nitrate industry. Sqm has been producing lithium carbonate since 1997, and in 2005 has been producing lithium hydroxide, based on rich salt lake halogenated lithium.
The company is one of the world’s leading producers of lithium. For the last five years, sqm has been able to secure a steady cash flow and good sustainable profitability, benefiting from a stable management team, a wealth of expertise and technological experience.
In addition to developing Atacama Salt Lake, which has high-quality resource endowments and superior natural conditions, som owns Chile-based high-quality nitrate mines. Sqm owns nitrate mines located in the world's largest commercial development area for natural nitrate and iodine mines, where potassium nitrate is produced without other invalid chemicals, salts, chlorine ions, etc., after application.
The right to prospecting, mining rights and other mineral rights acquired by sqm will include, inter alia, (i) the right to prospecting and mining rights in the caliche nitromine area of northern Chile; and (ii) the lease of the halogenated area of the Salt Lake of Salt dedatacama in northern Chile.
Mining rights, along with mining rights and prospecting rights around Salt Lake Salt Lake Salt Somalia; (3) mineral rights rights acquired through joint ventures with lithium americas with 50 per cent ownership in the cauchar-olaroz Salt Lake project in Jujuy Province, Argentina; (4) 50 per cent shareholding through kidmanresourceslicited
In the case of lithium mines, which are considered to be a “non-quantifiable” (exploration, mining and refining) substance under the relevant Chilean laws and regulations, the exploration and exploitation of which may only be carried out directly by the Government of Chile or by State-owned enterprises, or
They are carried out by private individuals (companies) who obtain an administrative permit (administrative consultations) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the decree of the President of the Republic of Chile or by entering into a special operating contract (specialization contracts) with the Government of Chile.
In 1993, sqm and corpo signed the Lease Agreement and the Project Agreement, under which mining rights in the salardeatachama salt lake halo-water mining area were owned by Corfo and leased to Somsala. According to the Lease Agreement, Somsala has the right to enter approximately 140,000 hectares of salardeatacama in northern Chile.
Sqmsalar is entitled to exclusive mining of potassium salt, boric acid, lithium mines and other minerals within 81,920 hectares of which the remaining area is the “safe area” that Sqmsalar is not entitled to mining; sqmsalar's rent payable consists of a fixed rent of $15,000 per quarter and a quarterly claim under sqmsalar
According to the project agreement, Corfo agreed not to allow any other person to survey, distribute or exploit any mineral resources within the above-mentioned range of approximately 140,000 hectares.
The right to develop, process and sell up to 349,553 tonnes of lithium metal, together with the remaining quota of 64,816 tonnes of lithium metal under the original Lease Agreement and the Project Agreement, amounting to 2.2 million tonnes prior to the organization of a public bidding or contracting process (“open procedure”) to continue to sign the agreement on the exploitation of such metals
The public proceedings shall be completed no later than 30 June 2029, except in the case of force majeure.
In any case, the parties to such agreements may re-negotiate and amend the relevant provisions before the agreement expires, with a view to renewing the agreement.
Counsel reports that there are no major legal obstacles to the extension and renewal of the agreements between the Sqm and the corfo, in accordance with the existing legal provisions. In addition, Sqm has two lithium mining projects.
In business, sqm and its subsidiary sqmaustraaptyltd signed a purchase agreement with mhgoldptyltd, montague resourcesaustraaptyltd and kidmanresourceslicited to purchase 50% interest in the lithium mine project known as mountholland in Western Australia.
On 28 March 2016, the company signed a copy with Lithiummericascorp (the lithium industry of the Americas) for the production of 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide per year from 2021.
A binding agreement to establish a joint venture arrangement for the development of the caucharí-olaroz lithium project in Argentina. The joint venture took 50% of the shares of Meeraexar, a wholly-owned company of the lithium industry of the Americas, after spending $25 million on sqm. The project was designed to produce 50,000 tonnes/year of lithium carbonate equivalent, and sqm is expected to host the project.
Production was achieved in 2019. Moreover, according to the annual 2017 report of the Lithium industry, the Lithium industry currently holds 16.95 per cent of the shares in the Lithium of the Americas. sqm has a highly transparent and continuously regulated cash distribution policy, with a high percentage per year for the last five years.
Based on the good value of sqm, companies can obtain long-term, stable, and good returns on their investments through investment in sqm shares, which together account for 25.86% of som shares, ensuring that the three nominated candidates for directorship are elected.
This purchase company, which is unable to acquire a controlling interest and to consolidate the statements, has increased its overall resilience to risk through the privatization of non-consumptive equity investors and its continuous competitiveness, which has helped to consolidate the company's industrial land, Zabuye Salt Lake is located in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China, with 20 per cent of the company holding a stake in the exploration of Zabuye Salt Lake.
The salares7 project, located in the third-generation area of Chile, is a lithium and potassium halogen exploration project consisting of seven saline lakes. The Chilean sala is the owner of exploration rights for the salares7 project, and the company is via Vonfield and Telison.
According to the company announcement, there are no plans for any development or exploration activities for the salares 7 project, and the company currently has three processing plants in China, one in Zahun, one in Zhangjia and one in copper.
In 2017, according to production and capacity, the flood-throwing plant was the second largest lithium compound manufacturing plant in Asia, processing and processing lithium concentrate supplied by the Green Bush mine for the production of a variety of high-quality lithium products, including lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride and lithium metal. In addition, the company ' s Chongqing plant is undergoing a full upgrade.
After initial processing of the lithium mine through a series of processing stages in two processing plants (including shredding, screening, float selection, separation, drying, etc.) in the lithium mining operations,
The company sells technical lithium concentrates to companies involved in the glass and ceramics industries, as well as chemical lithium concentrates to lithium factories.
The Green Bush site is 300 km south of Perth. The mine was built in 1888, with a century-old history, first mined tin ore, in 1980, confirmed as having lithium ore, completed in 1984-1985 at 30,000 tons of lithium concentrate, tons of chemistry, 140,000 tons of technology. The company currently has 260 employees, most of whom live in Green Bush and Week.
The company has a full flow of talent and equipment from exploration, mining, shredding, grinding, and mining. The ongoing expansion is expected to expand the company’s lithium concentrate to 1.34 million tons (1.2 million tons of chemical and 140,000 tons of technical). The levelling of the field is almost complete and is expected to expand.
Production will be completed in the first quarter of 2019. Figure 28: Lithium concentrate mining and extraction processes as an essential component of the corporate business model for full vertical integration, with upstream operations supporting the industry as a whole
The company plans to increase the capacity of lithium concentrates by expanding production at Greenbush. Tyllison is currently building a second chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plant adjacent to the existing chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plant (cgp2), which will start production in mid-2019 and will be able to make a difference.
The annual production of chemical-grade lithium concentrate at the Limbush mine increased by 650,000 tons.On 24 July 2018, the company’s board approved the construction of a third chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plant (hereinafter “cgp3”) and related infrastructure; the project included the construction of an independent, dedicated large-scale chemical-grade lithium.
Premium production facilities, a new ore shredding facility, and infrastructure accompanying the follow-up expansion, are expected to be completed and pilot production started in the fourth quarter of 2020. The two new plants will increase annual production at the Greenbush site to approximately 1.95 million tons and will continue to have the lowest chemical-grade lithium concentrate production costs.
There is a well-trained and experienced local management team to ensure the successful implementation of the expansion plan. The extension project, once completed, will provide continuous and adequate material security for the company's lithium salt programme, both inside and outside the country, to better realize the synergies between capacity matching and the industrial chain, and to enhance the company's market supply capacity and share, thereby increasing the company's profitability.
The company’s capital expenditure in the Greenbush mine consists mainly of activities such as factories, tailings storage, port facility expansion, mine development, and research and development, exploration, and sewage plant construction. The company expects capital spending to be around 2018.
$343 million, with capital expenditure of $320 million and $516 million for construction of cgp2 and cgp.3 Chemical-grade lithium concentrates contain 6% lithium oxide and irons with higher content and greater particles than technical-grade lithium concentrates. Technical-grade lithium concentrates contain 5.0% to 7.5% lithium oxide and a small amount of iron, plus chemical-grade lithium concentrates.
Technical-grade lithium concentrates have different requirements for particle size and lithium oxide content compared to the engineering process.
The processing of lithium chemical products is mainly done through crystal transformation, acidification, separation, enrichment, drying, magnetic selection, etc. The main customers of lithium concentrates are the manufacturers of battery materials, glass production companies, pharmaceutical intermediates, etc.
In 2015, 2016, 2017 and January-March 2018, the company ' s customers included three of the top five battery dealers and seven of the top ten positive manufacturers. Figure 31: Company lithium compounds and derivative production processes
The battery-grade lithium carbonate, which meets the Ys/t582-2013 standard for lithium carbonate, is divided into 99.5 per cent and 99.9 per cent levels, with 99.5 per cent specification products being the battery-grade lithium carbonate product with the largest market capacity. Lioh, a white crystal, is soluble in water and is slightly soluble in ethanol; the relative density is 99.5 per cent.
1.46 g/cm3, with a melting point of 470 °C, 942 °C decomposition. Lithium hydroxide is divided into two types, industrial-grade lithium oxide and battery-grade lithium hydroxide, depending on quality. Lithium hydroxide is a common lithium compound and is the main lithium hydroxide product of the lithium product market, commonly known as lithium hydroxide in industry.
Lithium carbonate molecular formulas are 74 for li2co3 molecules and lioh for hydroxide molecules and 24 for molecules. Lithium per mol carbonate is theoretically capable of producing 2 moles of lithium hydroxide, while lithium carbonate per ton produces lithium hydroxide at a mass of 1/74 x 2 x 24 = 0.6486 tons.
Figure 32: Company battery-grade lithium carbonate production process Figure 33: Company lithium hydroxide production process Lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide can both be extracted from lithium lithium lithium lithide at a very different cost, but if both
Conversion to one another requires additional costs and equipment at a low price. Lithium lithium for carbonate is mainly based on sulfur acid, received as lithium sulphate through the reaction of sulphate with lithium lithium lithium sulphate, added sodium carbonate to the solution of lithium sulphate, then analysed, dryed out to prepare lithium carbonate. Lithium lithium lithium for hydrogen oxide is mainly based on the alkali method, i.e., through lithium lithium lithium lithium and hydrogen oxygen.
The so-called sodium carbonate pressure method is also used to make lithium hydroxide by first producing solutions containing lithium and then adding lime to the solution. It is more difficult to convert lithium carbonate directly to lithium hydroxide.
Direct conversion is not appropriate in terms of economics, certification cycles, and quality consistency requirements. In short, lithium quartz can be used either to prepare lithium carbonate or to prepare lithium hydroxide, but the process path is not appropriate.
Lines are different, equipment cannot be shared, and costs do not vary much. Moreover, the cost of hydrogen-oxy lithium for salt lakes is higher than for lithium carbonate.
The main sources of energy are natural gas, steam, coal, and electricity. Of these, all lithium concentrates are imported from Telison, Australia, by sea to the domestic port and are re-shipped to the production base; pure alkaline, sulphuric acid, coal and natural gas are purchased directly from domestic producers; and companies have strict control over the procurement process, according to the Iso9001-2000 quality system.
The company's lithium chemical products are produced in a combination of plans and orders based on market forecasts and client orders, and the production sector is prepared to prepare and produce according to the market demand of the product, taking into account the actual situation of the company.
The company produced most of the chlorinated lithium for internal consumption for the manufacture of the metal lithium, while the rest of the income consisted mainly of sodium sulphate, sodium hypochlorite and ash and slag.The company ' s factories maintained a high capacity utilization rate, which was almost fully produced in 2018, with production at their disposal.
In order to meet the demands of rapidly growing lithium compounds and derivatives, the company plans to expand its production capacity and maintain its market share in production plants outside Australia and China. In 2016, the company announced the construction of battery-grade lithium hydroxide in Quaiana, Western Australia.
Quaiana, 80 km south of Lithium production line Quiganpos, has a design capacity of 24,000 tons of lithium hydroxide, and a design capacity of 24 million tons during phase II; the project has invested a total of $3.7 billion. Work on the civil construction of the current phase has begun, equipment has been scheduled, some of the equipment has been transported to the production base, and it is expected that it will be operational by the end of 2018.
The cost of capital is expected to be no more than $1.5 billion for a ton of production plants. Because of the synergy of operations between the two plants, companies will be able to minimize implementation risks.
The company also plans to expand the production capacity of lithium metal from the copper beam factory in Chongqing to take full advantage of future opportunities for the development of solid lithium batteries and other downstream applications of lithium metal.
The company expects to produce 20,000 tons in 2019, 228,000 tons in 2018, 254,000 tons in 2019 and more than 100,000 tons of lithium compounds in 2020.
The demand for lithium products has long benefited from the new energy industry, which boosts the growth of new energy vehicles and storage power to boost battery-grade lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide.
The combined demand for lithium is expected to increase by 80.97% over 2016. Of this, traditional applications such as glass ceramics have remained stable over the long term, with a combined annual growth rate of about 2.5-3%; and the battery industry will have long-term demand for lithium in China ' s Association of Non-ferrous Metal Industries ' Lithium Industry Branch and the Institute of Non-ferrous Metal Technology Economics ' 2017.
According to the China Lithium Industrial Development Report, world lithium production and its derivatives amounted to approximately 23.54 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent in 2017, an increase of 21.5% over the same period, mainly from China, which is the world’s largest consumer of lithium, and consumption of countries like Japan and Korea is growing year by year. Global lithium consumption is projected to be a decrease in lithium carbonate in 2017.
According to preliminary figures from the Lithium Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metal Industry Association, the production of our lithium salt in 2017 was 12.34 million tons, an increase of 43.5 per cent in the same year, as the company ' s product mix included a variety of electric automobiles and battery oem manufacturers, as well as lithium electricity.
The companies will benefit from the growth prospects of the lithium-based chemical products needed for storage systems, including increased demand, policy support, and end-user manufacturing schemes. According to company announcements, annual global consumption of lithium products will be powered by batteries, with a combined annual increase in the consumption of lithium in battery-capable vehicles expected to occur between 2017 and 2027.
As the penetration rate of the electric car market increased, manufacturing costs decreased, leading to the global spread of electric cars and industrial development. 33 per cent of the year, 68.7 per cent in 2027, were rapidly being used by many car manufacturers to use the electricization of their product lines.
To meet emission targets and compete in the market for electric cars; in addition, the market for lithium ion batteries used in storage systems is expected to grow by 13.2 per cent per year from 2017 to 2027.
Too high, usually no more than 800 degrees, and when lithium carbonate is used as a feedstock, the thermal breakdown of lithium carbonate is incomplete, resulting in too much lithium carbonate residue on the nca surface, too high alkaline on the nca surface and increased sensitivity to mixing. Lithium hydroxide has a lower melting point than lithium carbonate, which is more favourable for nca and high nickel pyrolysis, using lithium hydroxide.
In the long run, lithium prices will continue to rise as a result of the development of the new energy vehicle and storage markets. In the short term, the global lithium mine price forecast curves.
The price of battery-grade lithium hydroxide has been traded since the beginning of the twenty-first century at a premium above battery-grade lithium carbonate, but has been reduced as more suppliers enter the market, and the reasonable price difference should be around $20,000 (or $2,000/t without VAT).
In terms of the regional structure of the company's income, the domestic revenue ratio is close to 90%, and therefore the volatility of the domestic lithium price has a greater impact on the company's profitability. -The mainland Maori rate (%, right axis) - the foreign Maori rate (%, right axis)
According to the China Association of Chemical and Physic Power Sources, the domestic market price for lithium hydroxide continues to decline, with batteries measuring 10.3 to 108,000 tons of lithium hydroxide. There are rumours of rising prices in the capital market, verified companies have no intention of increasing prices, and companies are not optimistic about their future performance, as the price of imported minerals has been on a downward path for some time.
The price difference between lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate is too large, with the production of some new manufacturing capacity at the end of 2018, an increase in market supply, a pressure on lithium hydroxide prices, and a continued downward trend in lithium hydroxide over the coming period. On the other hand, lithium carbonate prices are relatively flat, battery-grade lithium is the main cost of 80,000 tons, and salt lakes.
The price of lithium carbonate fell between $50 and $12.55 million per ton of titanium carbonate. The valuation of lithium hydroxide also fell between $50 and $15.55 million per ton.
Products from major ports in China, Japan and Korea. The price of lithium carbonate in China also fell in the week of 2019/2/11-2019/2/15, with lithium carbonate being valued down by between 1,000 and 79,000 yuan/tonne ddp (including tax delivery prices), and lithium hydroxide being valued down by between 2,000 and 103,000 yuan/tonne ddp (including tax delivery prices).
Lithium hydroxide is valued at 12.2 million yuan per ton. The price of lithium carbonate in the country (thousands of yuan per ton) is on the same basis (including 16 per cent value added tax).
In the short term, the demand for lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate will increase as a result of the outbreak of the new energy car market. In the medium and long term, the storage energy market will also constitute the demand for lithium compounds.
The global supply of and demand for lithium products is combined, and we believe that lithium carbonate is subject to short-term energy release, with the price of lithium carbonate falling from 170,000 yuan per ton in 2018 to about 80,000 yuan per ton.
The price of lithium carbonate will gradually fall to about $70,000 per ton. If the supply of low-cost mined salt lakes and owned ores is higher than expected, prices may fall further.
The price of lithium hydroxide will be at short-term downside risk for the release of new production capacity in the year. Since industrial-grade lithium hydroxide is often the first to be released, and the demand for industrial-level applications is stable, the price of lithium hydroxide at the industrial level will fall before the price of lithium hydroxide at the battery level falls.
Small, gradually returning to a reasonable range of $120,000/t. In practice, the price of a company’s products depends on a variety of factors, including customer relations, the cost of raw materials and the cost of production, current market prices, product specifications and contract duration, so that the company’s brand and process advantages will be certain.
The historical price data of the company’s lithium compounds show that prices fluctuate less than market prices. For lithium concentrate prices, intra-industry pricing patterns are:
One-on-one negotiations, a weaker public offer mechanism, and less volatile prices. But overall, lithium price pressure continued in 2019.
Underlying areas, prices are expected to rise substantially after completion.4 Companies have minimal cost resources, vertically integrated production 4.1, offshore lithium miners are more cost-effective
As a rule in the industry, the production of 1 ton of lithium carbonate requires about 8 tons of lithium concentrate of 6 per cent lithium oxide, while the production of 1 ton of lithium hydroxide requires about 7 tons of lithium concentrate of 6 per cent lithium oxide. In order to obtain an expansionary production quota, albermarle and sqm have been used in a new concession with the Government of Chile.
As a result, a significant portion of the production capacity based on halogen has been operating since 2018 at an increased cash cost, close to the level of Telison’s cash cost. In all lithium mining, the Greenbush mine is large in size and grade, and it's high in quality.
It is considered that the lowest operating cost of lithium concentrate production (in contrast to production costs) is approximately $100/t. Hard rock raw materials can be directly converted to lithium hydroxide, which is a cost advantage based on mineral production. Production based on halogen water must first be converted into lithium carbonate for the production of lithium hydroxide.
The cost of processing is significantly lower for producers of lithium hydroxide in minerals than for producers based on halogened water. According to the company ' s stock collection statement, the cost of fmc is around $20,000/tonne for lithium carbonate, Sqm around $30,000/tonne for lithium sqm, 35,000 yuan/tonne for lithium Tinchi, close to 60,000 yuan/tonne for lithium stubble, and other Chinese plants.
The commercial cost is close to $70,000 per ton. For lithium hydroxide, the Taiwan lithium industry is 35,000 per ton, while other Chinese manufacturers have a single ton cost close to $60,000 per ton.
The cost curve (US$/Synchronous) of carbonate cash is based on the Roskil Report: The number of Tianzi (Australia) refers to the estimated cash cost of its production of hydroxide when it is fully operational in 20022021.
As shown in the table above, the cost of Som and Abemarle for 2007 and the adjustment for Chile ' s royalties increased in 2018 and its aftermath will be reduced to 300,000 to 400,000 tons, thus, based on the lithium lift cost curve, if the price of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide drops to a cost line of 6-70.000 yuan per tonne, it will crowd out some of the market participants, and the market supply will be reduced to 300,000 to 400,000 tons.
Market-side clearing and price stability. 4.2. Corporate costs are generally stable, and lithium price fluctuations affect Mäori.
The cost of water and electricity for materials, employment and processing-related fuel, followed by the cost of mining and royalties, is lower because of the size effect, and the price of lithium concentrates is higher, but the price of lithium compounds is not higher. We expect the price of lithium to fall for one ton of profit.
The impact of the Māori impact on lithium concentrate business is not significant for lithium compounds. The annual tonnage of ore processed and produced lithium concentrates in Green Bush is expected to grow from 2 million tons of ore and 650,000 tons in 2017 to meet lithium chemical demand.
By 1.4 million tons of lithium concentrate, cgp3 and cgp4 were produced in 2021 and 2023, with a capacity of 2.4 million tons at the end of 2027; for lithium compound products, the cost of marketing includes production costs and stock changes.
The cost of raw materials, including sulphuric acid, hydrochloric acid, sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate, calcium hydroxide, calcium chloride and calcium carbonate are among the largest components of the cost of sales of consumables and derivatives.
Prices are therefore a key factor affecting companies’ profitability. Given the company’s historical cost, the cost of lithium concentrate single ton has been accompanied by a downward trend in scale-up, while the cost of lithium compounds has increased as a result of rising prices for energy, sulphuric acid, and other raw materials, such as sulphate.
The cost of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide is largely the same in the aggregate. Pure-alkali price trends (in yuan/tons) for companies are at the core of the analysis of prices and quantities, while the cost of single tons is relatively stable.
A corresponding trend can be drawn from the judgement of market supply and demand and the company ' s business model. For 2019, lithium prices are in the bottom zone, and the expected improvements in capital market liquidity and prices may lead to a combination of production, sales, cost and price trends for the company ' s various lithium products.
In addition, we believe that the risk of impairment of long-term equity investments is small based on the future development prospects of the lithium industry. In addition, the annual gain and loss of sqm will be recorded as investment returns on a proportional basis, and in 2018 will be based on the delivery point.
Calculate the corresponding return and, in accordance with the equity method, at the end of the period, offset the initial investment costs against the realized profits against the target. At the same time, we assume that there will be an increase in the company’s financial cost, long-term equity investment and long-term borrowing, but that the company’s financial burden will be increased if it completes the debt transferable and h share issue by 2019-2020.
On the basis of assumptions about the company’s single-ton cost and volume of sales, we conducted a sensitivity analysis of the company’s 2019 net profit on a different mix of lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide. Even in the short term, even pessimisticly expected, when the price of lithium carbonate/dithiohydroxide fell to 68,000 yuan/tons after taxes (6.96/928 million/tons before the corresponding tax).
We believe that the company ' s net profits remained at $1.908 billion in 2019. Ten thousand yuan/tonne (after tax), the company sold 100,000 tons, and the company ' s profits could reach 6.5 billion yuan, plus lithium concentrate, which could go out for 1 million tons, and the company ' s profits could reach 1.2 billion yuan (after tax) per 0.120,000 ton.
As a result, the net profit of the company continues to be limited in scope, while the long-term profit outlook is good. The energy sector’s development dividend, for the first time, covers a “strongly recommended” rating.
As the lithium market is still at the stage of supply and the company is expanding, many uncertainties remain regarding its future development, including, but not limited to, the following risk points: 2; whether lithium prices can be raised depends on the wishes of the purchaser; and the 2019 new energy car subsidy policy is still pending.
(b) The risk that the discovery and exploitation of new lithium mine and salt lake resources will continue to exacerbate overcapacity;
High nickelization of lithium-powered batteries may affect the demand for lithium hydroxide less than expected;
In addition to the company's operating entity within its territory, there is a risk of overseas operations at mining plants in Australia; 8. Ports are undervalued and h shares are issued with a risk of drag on the existence of a share price.