Bank of Beijing (601169): The net interest gap is wide.
Events: On October 29, the Beijing Bank announced 3q19: a net profit of $18.85 billion from the mother's return. Since its inception, the Bank of Beijing has built on China's economic boom and has managed to finance, market and cross the border.
Regional and other strategic breakthroughs. Currently in Beijing, Tianjin, 229.25 per cent, core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.23 per cent. Shanghai, Xian, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Changsha, Nanjing, Ji
There are more than a dozen centres in South China, Nanchang, Shijia and Urumqi, and more than 550 branches in Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
In the future, emphasis will be placed on innovative services, technology loans, and cultural loans, to continue to consolidate niches and strengthen the location of the capital.
New: Accelerating the roll-out of the priority mobile strategy, completing the approximation of mobile banks: digital wind control, effective risk resilience, and financial technology enabling the full business chain with significant results. ▪ Financial analysis: (1) net profit growth of 3q19 is in line with expectations.
The difference was 1.87 per cent, with a smooth growth in the scale of the same year +3bps, the ring ratio +3bps) + (loans decelerated at the same rate; net non-interest income maintained at a higher rate (39 per cent increase from 3q19); ppop increased by 21.5 per cent, at a higher level; the provision increased by 39.0 per cent and the net profit was suppressed at the same rate.
Further improvement of asset-end earnings and control of end-of-liability costs through refinement of management architecture. (3) Investment proposal: Continuous improvement in asset quality and fine-tuning management of science and technology three-quarterly reporting performance as expected. Beijing Bank continuously strengthens service entity, service capital location, risk offset.
In the “Tech and Technology Finance” and “Cultural Finance” – a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East – net profits of 3q19 are increasing at the rate expected.
The increase of 8.8 per cent over the same period was 0.2 percentage points higher than in the first half of the year, maintaining a steady upward trend. The split shows that: (1) net profit growth is largely recovered by a net interest difference of 3q19. We measure the net interest difference of 3q19 at 1.87 per cent, compared to +3bps, the ring ratio and +3bps. Interest differentials and benefits from structural optimization: 2.02 percentage points to 53.2 per cent for credit at the end of the asset; and 1.16 percentage points to 53.2 per cent for low-cost deposits at the end of the liability.
The balance between the model and the net difference supports a steady increase in income for the fourth quarter and the rest of the year. The East’s financial boom has improved the quality of its assets, and the provision is adequate. 3019 negative rates are 1.41%, and the ring ratio is down by 4bps.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Beijing Bank (601169): The net profit gap is wide and the quality of assets continues to improve.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
Research assistant profile
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation, Beijing Bank (601169): The net interest gap continues to improve the quality of the assets. There is no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of these information, nor of the information and advice involved.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.