The three-quarterly report of the Bank of Beijing has performed well, continuing the improvement trend of 19 years, and stock risk mitigation has been increasing, helping to improve market concerns about the quality of its assets.
comptoirs, firms’ advantages in network and integrated affiliates are conducive to maintaining their medium- and long-term competitiveness. Considering that companies value less than industry averages, have sufficient security margins, and maintain a firm’s higher rating.
The Beijing Bank’s net profit increased by 8.8% in the first three quarters of the 19th year, in line with market expectations. The revenue increased by 17% in the same quarter, down slightly from the first half (19.6%), but the overall increase was still significantly better than during the same period last year.
The increase in interest income in the third quarter of the year’s shift to monetary policy has led to an increase in the base. The expansion of fees and fees has slowed, and structural optimization has contributed to a slight improvement in the interest spread ring.
At a faster rate than the first half of the year, between 1.6 percentage points and 5.8 per cent, credit growth remained rapid, three quarters of deposits were somewhat weak and the ring fell by 0.5 per cent, but the cost of the corporate debt as a whole remained stable, thanks to low rates of interest among peers. Thus, in terms of interest differentials, we measured the third quarter of the Beijing Bank at the end of the period.
The net interest margin ring showed a slight improvement of 3 bp to 1.93 per cent over the two quarters, continuing the trend of improvement: the Beijing Bank ' s three-quarter bad rate ring dropped by 4 bp to 1.41 per cent over the two-quarter period, and we measured the company ' s three-quarterly negative annual rate of production of 0.53 per cent, a 47 bp drop in the ring and an improvement in asset quality pressure.
3-quarter credit costs remain high, with 24 bp to 1.51 per cent ring increase, boosted provision coverage and Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. qualified for portfolio investment consultancy
The economic downturn has led to an unexpected decline in asset quality.
Innovative matters: The Beijing Bank published the three-quarters report for 2019, with net profits in the first three quarters of 2019 + 8.77% of the year. Total assets of 2.68 trillion yuan (+5.83%, yoy/+0.37%, qoq). Of this amount, loans + 13.5% yoy/+2.96% qoq; deposits + 8.45% yoy/-0.52% qqq.
The Beijing Bank increased its net profit by 8.8% in the first three quarters of the 19th quarter, in line with market expectations. Of this, revenue increased by 17% in the same quarter, down slightly from the first half (19.6%), but the overall rate of increase remained significantly higher than during the same period last year. Of this, net profit income increased by 11.6% compared to the previous year.
The growth rate of the Beijing Bank in the third quarter was slower than in the second quarter by 0.4 per cent, resulting in an increase in the same size by 1.6 percentage points to 5.8 per cent in the first half of the year. On the structural level, credit growth remained fast, with 3 per cent expansion in the third quarter, 14 per cent decline in the peer asset ring and asset structure.
Debt-end deposits are somewhat weak, with a 0.5 per cent decline in the ring ratio, but overall corporate liabilities remain stable, thanks to low inter-operability interest rates. Thus, in terms of interest differentials at the end of the period, we measure the three-quarter net interest differential of the Bank of Beijing by a small increase of 3 bp to 1.93 per cent over the two-quarter period, continuing the trend of improvement.
In Beijing, the three-quarterly negative-rate ring has fallen between 4bp and 1.41% over the two-quarters, and we measure the annual negative-generation rate of the companies in the three-quarter quarter by 0.53%, a 47-bp drop in the ring, and an improvement in asset quality pressure. The company’s three-quarter credit cost has remained high, its 24-bp upgrade has been robust, and the three-quarter report of the Bank of Beijing has continued its trend of improvement since 19 years ago.
Good markets are worried about the quality of their assets. As the largest urban comptoir in the country, companies have an advantage in the distribution of networks and integrated subsidiaries.
Well, the quality of banks’ assets is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting their profitability. At the present time, China-US trade pulls saws, macroeconomic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by economic dynamics.