The Chinese aircraft issued an announcement on the completion of the plan to reduce the number of major shareholders in the aviation industry by 10,000 shares and the aviation industry landing gear by 4.03 million shares, respectively.
\triangleright \triangleright’s reduction was due to the shareholder’s own financial arrangements (to cover the cost of “three for one business”) rather than to the company’s performance.
The company’s 18-year-old military aircraft orders are full and have good policy expectations. \triangleright-20 currently has about 10 units on board, and it is expected that this year’s scalding will reach its peak, starting with the official loading in 2016; due to the long-distance battle.
This year’s military-industrial reform will be more than expected, with a civil-military integration conference in March emphasizing realism, and a military-price reform that is expected to land this year, which will lift the full-time pricing cap, provide incentives for companies to lower upstream costs, or double corporate profit levels. Companies will benefit from the growth of civil aircraft operations.
In September 2017, arj21-7000 was licensed to produce, entering the stage of bulk production delivery, and has received a total of 453 orders from 21 customers. China’s commercial flights are expected to deliver 15 passenger arj-21 this year, and the Chinese aircraft are responsible for more than 85% of the spare parts.
The company’s valuation is underestimated. The market value of the aircraft in China is 47.6 billion, or 1.2 times that of the same business company abroad, Boeing (2.3 times that of them), Loma (2.0 times that of them), Thor (2.5 times that of them) is more than twice that, based on a double calculation, the company’s market value should be 79.3 billion, with 60% of the growth room available.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom.
The research assistant's profile is in the direction of high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies