The main battle equipment purchases or more, the Chinese aircraft, the Chinese aircraft (000768).
The Chinese aircraft issued a quarterly performance forecast that the company had achieved a net profit of $5 million-$43 million to the mother, a loss of $87.8 million last year, a gain of approximately $0.018-$0.0155 per share, a loss of $0.0317 per share last year, and a loss of $0.0317 per share, resulting in a positive gain in 2018. The delivery of aviation products in the first quarter was on the rise, with major battle equipment procurement being more urgent.
From 13 to 17 years, the company’s quarterly reports were lost, and the first profit was made in 2018. The main class of military delivery and revenue recognition were concentrated at the end of the year, and a quarter of the year was followed by a new year and spring leave.
The company’s workload was full at the beginning of the year, and initially achieved balanced production throughout the year. We learned that the delivery consisted of military goods, indicating that military payments were even more timely, and that military allocations for the purchase of the whole aircraft’s main equipment were even more balanced and urgent.
The company had previously issued an announcement on the completion of the plan, whereby the two major shareholders in the aviation industry had reduced their holdings by 10,000 shares and the aviation industry landing gear by 4.03 million shares, respectively, at the cost of “three for one business”, rather than because of the company's performance problems, which was far less than expected, suggesting that there was confidence in the company's development.
The company is a high-quality hedge asset under trade friction, and the company is profiting to drive the entire air plate. The company is a military transporter, a bombing company, and a branch aircraft whole company, which has a large number of acillary companies upstream, and the company’s production and operation status is a winding sign for the militarized aircraft plate. The company’s production and equilibrium will promote the entire military support industry.
At the same time, the progress of the company’s big aircraft has been successful in boosting the entire chain of large aircraft industries, with China and the United States trading at the edge of a cliff, and the country’s domestic production has become a big trend, with the company becoming a high-quality target for the risk of trade friction between the US and China. We believe that the air plate is expected to be the main investment route for this year, while the Chinese aircraft are the first to be selected.
The company benefits from the rapid growth of domestic military and civilian aircraft, and the country’s major aircraft are on track. With regard to military aircraft, heavy-duty 20 military transport aircraft and special aircraft types based on platform 20 are currently in the rigid phase of demand.
On civil aircraft, arj21-7000 has received a total of 453 orders from 21 clients. Chinese merchants are expected to deliver 15 arj-21 passenger planes this year, with Chinese aircraft covering more than 85% of the manufacture of spare parts.
The third aircraft, c919, is expected to take off first this year, and the piloting of the big aircraft is now well under way, with 815 orders. The Chinese aircraft is the only blue-sea market that will benefit the country’s civil aircraft well in the future.
The market value of the \triangleright aircraft in China is 51.1 billion and the ps 1.6 times, while the market value of the company is 63.9 billion and there is now 25 per cent room for growth for the same companies abroad, Boeing (2.3 times the ps), Loma (2.0 times the ps), Thor (2.5 times the ps).
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang's high-quality construction, civil-military integration, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.