The short-term pressure will not change the status of a car and car parts.
The industry faces a significant drop in its short-term performance, and its leadership remains unchanged. The industry is facing a drop in vehicle sales by more than 40 per cent during the quarter affected by the epidemic, with an annual harvest of more than 100 billion people as a result of the huge size of the company, and the cost of manpower and equipment when the industry ' s abnormal fluctuations are excessive.
The amortization pressure highlights the short-term performance pressure. But the Chinese automobiles, as part-and-parts champions, produce a wealth of goods, and the client community has a high quality that embraces almost all joint ventures and autonomous mainstream brands, with short-term pressures that do not change their dominant position.
The Māori rate and the cost ratio are under pressure, and assets are better controlled.q1 seasons of Māori are under pressure for total market value/flow (millions of dollars).
Continued asset consolidation has resulted in a full-scale improvement of the one-season ring ratio of vehicles (600741), including headlights, security systems, and interior accessories. With 100% control of the core subsidiary, it is expected to further push the industrial chain up and down.
The q3 one-quarter ring ratio is improved, and the industry’s anchors remain robust - 2019/10/29.
The company has entered the head electric vehicle supply chain system, and it's smart enough to launch it.
The company will continue to make a contribution to its performance.
Gunner, has obtained orders from the popular global meb platform. The intelligent domain 24ghz mm wave radar has been delivered in volume, 77/79ghz forward millimetre wave radar development has been steadily advanced, and a fully functional business development platform has been explored for millimetre-covering radars, cameras and data integration.
Investment proposals: The company as a leader in automobile parts and components, the product class is comprehensive and downstream client excellence, short-term pressure does not change its leader status, and the advantage of scale will be re-emerging when the industry recovers.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.