On 29th of April, 2020, the outbreak affected the company's performance and expected Tesla to work with meb.
The company released a performance report for the first quarter of 2020, which generated $23,973 million in operating income, compared to the impact of the epidemic on corporate profits, but still performed better than the industry average.
The 2020q1 company was affected by the new crown epidemic, which led to a 32.60 per cent decline in operating income compared to the previous year, but a 49 per cent decline compared to the industry as a whole could still reflect the better quality of the company; with the company ' s Māori ratio, cash flow stables the company ' s ability to survive the epidemic.
The cash flow generated by the company’s operations was sufficient, amounting to $2.765 billion, an increase of 980.34 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the change in the current loan settlement cycle and the lower base for the same period the previous year. The same amount of dollars. The firm’s solid cash flow contributed to its smooth transition under the epidemic.
Tesla and meb, with unlimited potential.
In the same year, the company joined Magnus to set up the Widden Magnus joint project team and succeeded in getting the steam.
Volkswagen Research - Volkswagen Automobiles (600741), 2018.03.30 Public and private interest in the production of electricity-driven systems for mass meb platforms, with capacity-building of 10,000 and 400,000 vehicles, with the push of Tesla and Meb in the second half of 2020.
The company is expected to benefit directly from Xue Rain and Ice, as the country's largest integrated car parts and components company, holding Tesla at the same time.
The two main platforms, meb, have accumulated power under stable cash flows and, with the outbreak control plus the warming of the market, are full of macro-economy less than expected, disease control less than expected, car sales less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.