The one-season ring ratio continues to improve, and electric intelligence is ready for release.
The q4 ring ratio continues to improve as a result of the structural advantage of the product's customer structure. The Chinese automobile, as a backbone of parts and components, is rich in product products, covering all product categories except for speed change boxes, tyres, and parts of electronics.
In 2019, there was a steady increase in the gross revenue of luxury brands, while companies actively sought matching opportunities for solar brand clients, with a larger overall advantage, a strength to resist the industry, and a performance that showed a stabilizing advantage beyond the industry.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) was positive, with single-season non-net profit falling by only 5 per cent over the same period, and the decline in ring ratio was further improved.
Māori and cost rates have stabilized, and asset consolidation autonomy has been strengthened.
The industry anchors continue to be robust -- 2019/10/29 full-scale holdings of components such as interiors.
The profit margin is higher than that of a competitor when the swimming chain is optimized. The body - 2019/09/11 Tesla+meb is held, and electric intelligence is ready. The company supplies a seat for Tesla’s nationalization.
The Chinese automobile (600741), which is slightly overexpected in the semi-annual report, has been successfully launched in the Shanghai factory of Tesla with a variety of products, such as bumpers and battery shells.
Intelligent trends, pre-emission readiness, early harvest, power-driven system operations based on the Chinese and Chinese fields of Magnus, have been endorsed by fixed points such as popular global meb platforms, upper-air, upper-air vehicles, etc., and are expected to expand other clients in the future.
Bodas have been delivered in volume, 77/79ghz has been steadily advanced towards the development of a millimetre wave radar, and the development of a fully functional business development platform covering millimetre wave radars, cameras and data integration is being explored.
Qualitative, robust performance can be effective against downside risks in the industry.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.