The reason for the report is: the annual report.
In the second half of the year, performance improved and the overall structure of the business optimized The company published its annual report for 2019, and in 2019, it achieved $144,024 million in operating income, i.e. 8.36 per cent of the year, and realized a net profit of $6,463 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, i.e., the same amount
In 2019, corporate performance was under pressure, but it improved in the second half of the year. In 2019, the company was under pressure as a vehicle zero, as a result of multiple factors such as macroeconomic pressure, \triangleright consumer confidence, etc.
The overall performance of suppliers affected by the industry declined, but overall performance improved in the second half of the year. In 2019, companies lost 11.84 per cent of their net profits on a year-on-year basis after deducting non-recurring gains and losses.
Net profit after gain or loss: 1,388 million yuan and operating income of the company from the first half of the year compared to the previous half of the year, and net profit from the collection and deduction of shareholders who were not subsequently attributable to the parent company: base data: 31 December 2019
The Māori rate has recovered overall, and the ratio of the highest collection to the Māori of the internal and external apparel has increased.
In 2019, the company spent $5.265 billion \triangleright on research and development.
Upgraded by 0.39 pct, the share of R & D costs in revenue has increased further on the basis of continued high R & D. At the same time, the company has accelerated the drive to move forward on the 28th floor of ITC a, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, around changing trends such as auto electricization and smart network connectivity
Business development, continued expansion of technological advantages, 2019, electronicization of the company's electronics by the German public, China, 28 Peace Rixie Street, Beijing City, Global Electric Motor Platforms, Global Electric Power Driving System products, and smart network connectivity.
International Center 7 Company 24ghz backwards millimetre wave radar, used for bus with automatic emergency brakes, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The capable 77ghz forward millimetre wave radar has been successfully tested through national regulations for the bulk supply of the Golden Dragonbus, and 77ghz forward millimetre millimetre rim radar and angular radar have been successfully applied to the upper red rock smart weight card for the demonstration operation of the 5g autopilot project in Ocean Hill Harbour.
On the one hand, the company insists on “zero ranking, \triangleright”.
Neutralization, internationalization, strategic orientation, expansion of the business layout, restructuring and optimization of the business structure.
Main R & D, second is that the company sells 50 per cent of the shares of Shanghai Tianca Auto Safety Systems Ltd. and sells the shares of the company.