Performance is in line with expectations, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre q4 performance composites are expected to improve significantly over the same period.
Business income is expected to be 1.56 billion yuan in a single quarter, with a slight increase of about 5.5 per cent in the ring, an increase of about 30 per cent in the same year; a net return of 400 million yuan is projected to be achieved, with a slight decline in the ring, an increase of about 53 per cent in the same year.
Some product orders have recovered steadily as a result of cracking and quality upgrading; among these, the downstream application area of the company ' s mlcc business has increased its coverage, with a significant increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis. •
At the industry level, where the overall price of mlcc was stable in 2023 and the stock level returned to relatively healthy levels, the industry has shown signs of marginal improvement, waiting for the downstream demand recovery to drive the industry into the next up-to-date cycle. At the company level, the firm's target growth project is moving well, and with the release of high-capacity mlcc capacity, the company is expected to be able to move forward.
The mlcc business opens up new incremental space and achieves a full increase in prices; it benefits from a steady increase in the share of high-volume products, and the company's profitability is expected to pick up. The company's mlcc product is constantly moving towards high-better, miniaturized, high-reliability, and the certification of car-grade products is progressing well, with the product being successfully imported into the car supply chain; and small sizes are moving forward.
The traditional business is getting warmer, and the new business is moving well. The company’s traditional ceramic-pluging business is the best in the world.
In part, the business is expected to benefit directly as the demand for the idc, the 5g base station is warming; the company is now breaking the technological monopoly of overseas enterprises in the field of ceramic envelopes, accompanied by a downward trend towards the restoration of the demand for crystalline vibration, which benefits from national production substitution, and is expected to accelerate the introduction of the market. In addition, the company's nitrogen-based aluminium ceramic chips, fuel, etc.
New operations, such as battery diaphragm panels, are well advanced, and future performance contributions are expected to be scaled up.
The three ring groups, formerly the Tianzhou Radio Ceramic Plant, were established in 1970 and successfully placed on the market in 2014. The Department is committed to the development, production and sale of products such as electronic basic materials, electronic components, communications devices, etc.
Over the decades, there has been a profound technological build-up, mastery of key core technologies in the industry, and a convergence of industrial chains, leading enterprises in the development and production of elemental instruments in the field of ceramics.
Down the industrial chain, the company has developed and produced a series of products such as fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic envelopes, ceramic base sheets, mlcc, etc. The company uses ceramic materials as its basis, actively broadening the product boundary and increasing the layout of the product to meet market demand.
Product innovation speeds up and deeps up the multi-product matrix. With more than 50 years of technology and experience, companies are able to break through a number of core e-ceramic technologies and achieve full connectivity up and down the industrial chain in terms of proprietary technology and product costs.
Based on the deep integration of the ceramic industry chain, the company has actively diversified its product structure by expanding the product type, creating a product matrix of the seven main categories of ceramics, fine ceramic structures, components, optical communications, seals, modules, electronic materials. The diversified product matrix has also increased the synergies of the company’s industrial chain integration, and the boundaries of downstream applications.
Broad-forming product structures that develop, introduce, develop and mature throughout the life cycle, enabling companies open up new opportunities for performance growth and constantly inject new growth dynamics into their long-term development.
The overall performance has been steady and positive, with short-term pressure on the future. Reviewing the company ' s past performance: 1) At the end of the round: corporate operating income grew steadily overall, rising from $3.1 billion to $6.2 billion in 2017-2021, with cagr accounting for about 18.7 per cent of the period, with a marked decline in corporate revenue in 2019, mainly due to external demand as a result of trade frictions
However, after 2020, with the increase in penetration of 5 g and new energy vehicles, downstream demand has warmed back and corporate revenues have grown at a high rate for two consecutive years. According to the company’s three-quarters report in 2023, companies achieved operating revenues of $4.11 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the previous three quarters;
Electronic component materials, optical communications components, semiconductor components, wired endors and other operations. Prior to 2018, the company generated its operating income mainly from optical components, and as the electronic component material business accelerated, its share rose rapidly and dramatically, to over 35% as compared to 23h1. Moreover, as a result of the company slurry and fuel cell diaphragm panels in recent years,
Business has accelerated, and other business panels have seen a significant increase in their income share. In the case of sub-business Māori, the Māori rate for E-Mäori 23H1 materials has declined considerably, at about 29.7 per cent, mainly as a result of low crop rates and low prices; and the Mäori rate for PV components is about 41.9 per cent.
The overall level of profitability has risen steadily, with significant profitability gains. Looking back at the company ' s profit margins: the net interest rate on corporate profitability is about 29.3 per cent, but on the whole, horizontal comparisons between mainland, Taiwan and comparable companies in the Japanese industry have a clear lead on both the company ' s Māori ratio and the net interest rate, mainly because of the company ' s vertical depth integration in the chain of the electronic ceramics industry to achieve pottery.
Self-research, home-made, self-supplied, self-supplied Chinese powders, mammoths, equipment for the manufacture of associated components, etc.. According to the company ' s three-quarters report in 2023: Māori was 39.8 per cent in the first three quarters and net interest rates were 27.9 per cent, and there was a marked decline in the same ratio, mainly due to weak downstream demand, lower yields and lower prices for the entire product.
At the cost end, the company’s sales costs are based on a gradual recovery in the price of the plant and a small increase in the price of the cheap product. 2) Ceramic tablets: assuming that the price of the porcelain products is stable, the city will be able to do so.
Scenario 2: Photocommunication components: assuming that the market share of ceramic cores is stable and maintained at levels of 6-7: the overall price of the fake products rebounded steadily. Scenario 3: semiconductor components: assuming a steady increase in market share of ceramic envelopes and a return to normal water levels in stock
We've chosen as comparable companies the three passive component industries: Fulbright High, Cable Electronics, and Farah Electronics, based on a net profit of 15.3/21.0/27.8 billion. Given that the company's fast-growing mlcc business is in the passive component area, it is higher.
Growing lanes, national production substitutions have wide scope for expansion; companies have a clear competitive advantage in industrial chain layout, costs and prices as platform-based e-ceramic enterprises; the company’s high-conforming product release is progressing well and its share is expected to increase continuously; industry’s downscaling projects are at or below expectations; downstream demand warms or falls short of expectations; and industry competition increases risks.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.