Collon Pharmacy: Innovative Clinics are moving fast into harvest, three blocks are growing steadily.
Columbotai Successful Landing Port Unit, skb264 for the tnbc patient iii period, leading up to the \triangleright Holdings subsidiary, Colombote (6990.hk), signed in Hong Kong in July 2023.
In March, Mershadong received $175 million in advances (seven asset licences for adc). R & D costs amounted to $490 million, resulting in a loss of $31 million.
In August 2023, three symptoms were identified for breast cancer in tri-negative breast cancers (tnbc), egfr-tki for failing treatment of egfr-nsclc and hr+/her2 breast cancer cases from 2l and above.
Patients have reached the main end of their clinical phase: the intestine and intestinal nutrition products in the infusion sector are growing, non-infusion drugs are under pressure from the collection of the 2023h1 infusion products, which are collected at $5,027 billion (yoy+14.27 per cent) and sold in the infusion products.
The distribution structure was further optimized, with closed fluids increasing by 3.70 pp. Corporate intestine nutrients increasing by 33.08% compared to the sales of glucose (17%) injected with fat emulses (11%) (Dot, fifth batch)
The sales of amino acid (18) injectable fluids (domógic, non-medical) increased by 33.56 per cent on the same basis. Left oxyfluoride (the fifth batch of winnings) achieved a revenue of 234 million yuan (yoy+283.0 per cent). 2023h1 non-revenue drugs were affected by harvesting, among other things, by revenues of 1,834 million yuan.
RMB (Yoy-39.4%), Acid Acid has lost 49.85% of sales revenue in the same year, and the income from sales in the form of violet saline (teprotein) has fallen 34.81% in the same year.
30-35 generics (including consistency evaluations) are expected to be approved throughout 2023 and are scheduled to be declared by Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Tsunning bioprofits are growing rapidly and synthetic biology is advancing steadily, building No. 1 of the 9th House of Gospel Street in Beijing's West Side, antibiotics intermediates and raw materials: 2,370 million yuan (year-on-year +14.54%) in 2023h1.
In terms of synthetic biology: the first product has been red ethanol.
\triangleright Risk factors: risk of increased product competition; R & D at a slower pace than expected; and the wind of policies such as clustering
Commissioner, with an excellent professional background in pharmaceutical chemistry and experience in the operation of the pharmaceutical market, formerly employed in the field of broad-based long-standing students and Fang Jing Jiin, a team member, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, worked in clinical corowork at ppcca and Parexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was in charge of research in the cxo industry.
Mr. Nguyen, member of the team, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which was responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, 2 years of experience in securities practice, 2022 for medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine.
CHO Jialine, team member, Master of Quantities in Economics, Mid-Sane College, Nakayama University, two years of research experience in the pharmaceutical biology industry, formerly employed in the Fangzheng securities, 2023 in the Sindam securities, responsible for research in areas such as medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl. Song Dan, team member, Master of Basic Medicine, Middle-Sane School of Medicine, Nakayama University, two years of experience in securities, two years of research and development of innovative medicines
Zhang Jong-tao, a member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of the South, 1 year of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (professional grade), formerly employed in Fangzheng securities, joined in 2023, covering, inter alia, Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical & pharmaceutical stores, and vaccines. Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.