The company announced on August 24 that it had earned $8,824 million (+6.15 per cent) of its business income from 209h1 and that it had not been able to pay for its business.
Net return to the mother of 323 million yuan (-10.29 per cent), mainly due to an increase in management costs and research and development inputs during the period, with a focus on the main industry, centred on aviation engines: the company's main products and services consist of military civil aviation-motivated aircraft and components, the export of civil aviation engine parts, civilian-military gas turbines and civil-military components
Air engine maintenance and security services, divided into three categories: one aviation engine and derivatives covering five main components of aviation engine development, production, testing, marketing and maintenance security; and two foreign trade export sub-contracting operations focusing on manufacturing and participating in the development of some of the new civil aviation engine products.
Testing; 3 non-aerial products and other operations have a full-time capability from design to service. These three categories of major operations achieve operating income of $7.236 billion, $1,295 million and $118 million, respectively.
Increased reform and research and development efforts to drive future development: corporate revenue growth of 6.15 per cent in the same year and a 10.29 per cent decline in turnover, mainly due to an increase in the cost of sales of $113 million, or an increase of $21 million, or 22.52 per cent in the same year, owing to the cost of marketing services and low-value consumerized amortization
This is due to the same increase in the cost of subsidiary reform and repair costs; and to the financial cost of $190 million, an increase of $1037 million, an increase of 24.39 per cent in the same year, owing to the decline in interest income and interest expenditure, which is the company ' s increasing investment in technological innovation infrastructure and the safeguarding of research efforts.
The company is the only supplier of the main warplane engine, which continues to benefit from the "two special engines" and will gradually improve and catch up with empty engine technology and have a bright future ahead.
Overall operations are smooth and Southern companies perform well: companies perform better, focus on their main business, and the main business is more prominent, especially in the South. The 10 companies that are part of the company are 10 major billions of dollars. Dawn companies, whose main product is the ws-10 series of aviation engines and spare parts, operate.
The revenue was $4,262 million, a decrease of 0.95 per cent, of which 1,639 million yuan, or 27.92 per cent, was earned from aviation motors and derivatives operations and pistons and spare parts, of which 1,540 million, or 28.51 per cent, was earned from aviation engines and derivatives operations;
Leyang Dynamics, whose main product is vortex motors and spare parts, achieved operating income of 896 million yuan, an increase of 4.32 per cent over the same year, of which 863 million yuan, or 4.96 per cent, was earned from aviation engine and derivative operations.
Marketized debt swaps are leveraged and business dynamism is enhanced: companies are under greater pressure for capital because of changes in the military and scientific research. In this regard, companies are issuing debt swaps to improve asset-liability ratios and financial costs, with the active participation of civil-military integration funds, national development funds, money-transfer investments, etc.
After completion, the target corporate asset-liability ratio is expected to be significantly reduced, interest-saving spending is expected to increase the company's business viability, provide a solid basis for the company's technological transformation and upgrading, and generate more value for the State and its shareholders.
The company is the sole manufacturer of the country’s main warplane engine, with an absolute monopoly advantage. At the same time, due to the complex international environment, our aviation equipment has been accelerated, the intensity of our training has increased, and the demand for the company’s air engine products is expected to grow.
Delivery of aeronautics engine products was lower than expected, development of new models was less advanced than expected, restructuring matters were not better illustrated in figure 1: Companies ' semi-annual collections in 2019 (billions) and their growth rate (%): the company ' s net profit (billions) and its growth rate (%) in the second half of 2019
Figure 3: Companies ' three-year fees in the second half of 2019 (millions of yuan)