Aerial dynamics (600893). Marketized debt, equity leverage, three subsidiaries benefiting from both.
The company is the country's largest air engine manufacturing base, the only one in the country that produces turbos, turbo fans, vortexes, vortexes, and vortex power.
The main activities of the exclusive State department, which is financed by China, are divided into three categories: aviation engines and production.
The main products and services are military civil aviation engines.
Full aircraft and spare parts, export of civil aviation engine parts, civil-military gas turbines, military civil aviation engine maintenance guarantees,1 and transfer of marketed debt before buying full shares of three subsidiaries.
Specific programmes are: the National Development Fund, the National Civil-Military Integration Industry Investment Fund, the cash transfer investment, and the Sino-Mao investment.
At the same time, China has increased its share of state-owned exclusive capital through the allocation of State-owned funds totalling 1.98 billion yuan to Dawn, Leyang Motivation, and the South.
After the replenishment is completed, the launch engine is intended to buy all the shares of the company, Leyang Yeo, and the South, respectively, from China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South.
2. The asset-liability ratio and the financial costs of the company are expected to improve, and the net return of the three subsidiaries is expected to increase. Billions of dollars.
Development, and the consolidation of a leader in the industry. At the same time, the improved performance of Dawn, Leyang, and Southern commons, as well as the reduced financial burden, have helped to raise the size of the net assets and net profits attributable to the parent company’s owner and to create more value for all shareholders of the listed company.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the power of shipping (600893); market-led debt swaps, which benefit both subsidiaries.
3. Debt-for-equity would improve corporate cash flows through “cash replenishments” and facilitate corporate business expansion. Companies are the only fully-fledged military air engine manufacturing enterprise in the country, the airline engine industry has a long chain, and debt-for-equity would have a positive effect on improving cash flows across the entire industrial chain. Because of the company’s high level of business, many non-core operations are outsourced, and debt-for-equity implementation would also help companies to expand outsourcing and benefit from upstream complementary collaborating companies, such as those involved.
In 2018, revenues from aviation engines and derivatives increased by 4.02 per cent over the same period, export earnings from foreign trade decreased by 6.59 per cent over the same period, and revenues from non-avigational products and services decreased by 15.78 per cent over the same period.
The first is the decline in the overall Māori rate as a result of changes in product structure, the increase in revenues from the military ' s full-time business, scientific research sales, and the decline in repair operations with a higher Māori rate, and the second is the increase in the cost of labour and depreciation in fixed costs. The decline in non-avigational products and other revenues, mainly focused on the main industry, reduced non-aerial operations with lower value added, and the disposal of non-autonomous subsidiaries, led to a reduction in revenue.
With the acceleration of the development of several priority engines, the country is expected to achieve its vision of full national production. With regard to the new markets, we predict a combined total of $173 billion for the future 16, 20, 20, 20, and 20, of the new priority engines.
In terms of maintenance and alternative markets, we assume that the total number of empty engines in the country is currently 800, with a 10-year life span of 30 million yuan each, and that the annual maintenance and replacement market space is about 2.4 billion yuan yuan. Together, the market space is about 14 billion yuan yuan per year.
The delivery of aviation products was lower than expected; the impact of the military pricing reform was lower than expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the momentum of the voyage (600893); market-based debt swaps, which benefit three subsidiaries at the same time.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies