The product structure continued to optimize in 22 years, with outward investment in a multi-dimensional layout, which was increased by 0.13 pct over 23 years in the first quarter of the month.
The structure of downstream applications continues to be optimized, and new energy and car customers are moving rapidly. Company products and programs s098052100800002.16%, with 13% household electricity, 7% lighting, 5% computers, 5% smart clothing, medical care and others.
In the area of automotive electronics, companies have increased their sales by 185% over the same period, products have entered Biadi, Jili, Uri, Air, Chang An, etc., and a series of vehicle regulations have been issued, such as mos/sjmos/igbt/sicmos.
The share of new energy sources, such as frequency transformers, rose from 8 per cent in 21 years to 16 per cent, with products entering key customers such as sunlight power sources, German shares, and Sinkkawa. 524 million yuan was collected for the year ' s igbt product, representing a 145 per cent increase in the same year, and the share of automobile applications increased from 2.9 per cent in 21 years.
Silicon device revenue increased about 2.3 times the same year, pending orders more than $10 million, and the volume of the drops increased steadily over the month. In addition, the company closed operations for 22 years with an increase of about 122% in the same year, Chongqing with advanced power containment, the base was connected, and the shelter business increased 60% in the same year, benefiting from the expansion and import of new fabs.
The company focuses on the power half-conductor and smart sensor external layouts: 22 years of introduction of external investors to mix Dixie microelectronics.
An investment of $1.2 billion was allocated to raise the masking process node to 40 nm and to form more than 3,000 pieces of monthly production capacity; the company acquired large-line cyborg technology, which enriched the line of nitrogenated thorium products; and established a holding subsidiary, the luxurium semiconductor (Shenzhen), to build a 12-inch integrated circuit in Huanwa Electronic Shenzhen, with a focus on 40 nanometers.
Simulation of unique processes with a total project planning capacity of 40,000 units per month. Investment proposal: we take a good look at the company’s power semiconductor’s leading manufacturing capacity and its internal and extra-dividual multi-dimensional layout. Figure 1: Company’s operating income and speed of growth over the last five years (billions, %)
Figure 2: Company net profit and increase (billions, per cent) from non-mothers for the last five years, Figure 3: Company collection structure of recent sub-products (%) Figure 4: Company Māori rate and net interest rate (%) for the last five years
Figure 5: Cost of the company for the last five years (%): The company ' s R & D input and its share of revenue over the last five years (billions of yuan, %) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author