Researchchand developmentcenter Deeply Beneficiary, front-line giant leader of the industry.
– The first-ever coverage report by the Industrial Wealth Federation (601138), the deep-benefit development, the industry's front-run giants, the industrial wealth union: the world's leading high-end intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet solutions service provider.
\triangleright’s main business consists of cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment and industrial Internet, numerous industrial consortia (601138)
Disaggregate the growth of leading markets under the `data-driven, green development' strategy, the deployment of enterprise network equipment, wireless network equipment and 5g-related products, smart household products, high performance servers, storage equipment, cloud computing and peripheral computing products, industry
Products such as robots, continuing deep-cultivation of the digital economy, strengthening the “Intelligent Manufacturing+Industrial Interconnection Year” with excellent performance results in 2022. Communications and mobile network equipment industry: benefits from 5g infrastructure, smart homes, wearable devices
There are currently 110 cities across the country with a total of 5 g base stations, amounting to 2,312,000 and increasing the scale of the expansion; smart households are growing rapidly and becoming blue.
The sea market, smart lights, smart door locks, etc., have higher investment financing heat: we expect the appliance market to recover in 2023.asp is lower than the stock surplus or will be alleviated in the second half of the year: the country's car network market is in the process of being integrated with the depth of 5g technology.
During this period, it is expected to continue to benefit from the direction in which car intelligence, electric motorization and web connectivity are developing; high-scene aigc areas require high-performance hardware support, such as cpu, gpu processors, high-network bandwidth, large-capacity storage, etc.: in the context of the meta-cosm concept heat.vr,ar
As an important device leading to the meta-cosmos, the market has attached great importance to the fact that, in 2022, the volume of cargo from our vr-1 aircraft broke 1 million major doors. Cloud services industry:chatgpt ignited the aigc industry’s attention, and the era of high arithmetic has begun.
There is a huge demand for cloud computing. Chhatgpt requires a great deal of computing to interact with day-to-day operations, and the gpt-4 language model will include 1.6 trillion parameters, which will give rise to a great amount of computing needs.
Arithmetic size of 26.8 billion times per second (eflops), exceeding the General Arithmetic (GFA) share ratio of circulationa (%), with heat surges in metacosystems, aigcs, etc., and cloud computing associated equipment approaching the need for the eruption period.
According to idc, in 2022 there were 15.16 million global server shipments, a year-on-year increase The industrial Internet industry: the digital economy is moving towards high-quality development, the industrial Internet is the main catch-up for the digitized reforms. The industrial Internet is achieving excellence in production and service resources.
The Party’s 20-year report further emphasized accelerating the development of the digital economy, promoting digital integration, industrial Internet as a new growth point for digital industrialization and digital industrialization.
Infrastructure will continue to benefit from the rapid development of the digital economy. According to data from idc China, the market for industrial Internet platforms and applied solutions in China is expected to reach US$ 56.100 billion in 2025, and the capr is 29.6% between 2021 and 2025.
In the short term, the i server and the apple structure have a growth potential.
Large-track layout, investment in multi-enterprise M & A: with relevant applications such as Chatbot, the global ai server delivery in 2022-2026 can be expected to reach +10.8 per cent, and as a leading server-sector manufacturer, the Confederation of Industries is expected to continue to benefit from a boom in development;
In addition, the Apple Structures are expected to continue upgrading and the Industrial Wealth Federation is expected to continue its performance as a fruit chain manufacturer.
The three main lines of operation are steadily working together, breaking down the multiplicity of benefits downstream. .. .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In particular, following the release of Chatgpt, major companies have accelerated their deployment processes, and corporate clouds have benefited from the depth of their computing operations and have grown for five consecutive years. Corporate servers have already taken the lead globally, but there is still much room for upswing. Product research and development has continued to accelerate, with the launch of the first global dc_mhs server in 2022.
The product should be used in the latest generation of Hpc accelerators. At the same time, there are breakthroughs in liquid cold technology. With the rapid development of the ai, the company's ai server business is expected to grow into a golden age.
New energy vehicles, smart homes, etc., have been introduced continuously, and diversified development systems have been improved with the introduction of enterprise network equipment, wireless network equipment and 5-g-related products, smart household products, and industrial-related products. Apple innovation has not stopped, and the structure is expected to be continuously upgraded, and companies are expected to benefit from depths as one of the core fruit chain producers.
In recent years, the company’s industrial Internet platform’s lighthouse plants, standard software, and fiicloud core plates have grown rapidly. The company provides a full-scale digitalization of its clients’ professional landscape applications, digital manufacturing management, double-carbon strategic services, smart hardware equipment, digital talent organization development, etc.
As the digital economy evolves, downstream demand is expected to continue to rise. Corporate profiles: leading companies in the world’s digital economy, cutting deep into China and the rest of the world.
End of business: Build industrial Internet + smart manufacturing, adheres to digital drivers, green development, and global leading intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet-wide solutions service providers. Corporate conceptualization in 2013, 2014 project team formed, first public appearance in 2016, listing a share in 2018, and "Data-driven, green" in 2022
“Development” strategy. The company has always maintained its strategy of deep-ploughing China and global production operations, covering the full flow of data. For the fourth year in a row, it has been selected as a “double-cross platform” for the Ministry of Industry and Communications, “Intelligent manufacturing of excellence in 2022.” Figure 1: Corporate development history.
In terms of product lines, the company’s operations include communications and mobile network equipment, cloud computing, precision manufacturing automation, industrial networking, etc. The company has developed an integrated 5-g end-to-end solution, with communication and mobile network equipment contributing to a new 5-g global infrastructure; cloud computing aids are building digital transition poles; and self-sinking one-stop digital transformation service capabilities for the industrial Internet.
At the financial end, there is a clear upward trend in the overall rise in income of billions of yuan, +16.45 per cent of the year. With respect to net profit returns, except for a slight decline in 2020, there is an upward trend in the rest of the year.
Communications network equipment and cloud service equipment account for more than 90 per cent of the revenue generated by the company. The company ' s operating income is mainly based on 3c electronics, with communications network equipment and cloud service equipment accounting for an absolute large share. Communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, communications network equipment for cloud service equipment, precision tools and industrial robotics for other operations in 2022
Telecommunications network equipment accounts for more than 70% of Māori and the overall Māori rate has fallen slightly. The company ' s Māori is made up mainly of communications network equipment and cloud service equipment, which account for 70-85% of them. The Māori rate of communications networks and cloud services declined slightly from year to year between 2017 and 2022, and the Māori rate of sophisticated tools and industrial robots decreased slightly.
Product sales are growing year by year, maintaining a high sales ratio. Corporate product sales are dominated by high-precision institutions with telecommunications network equipment, and the overall trend is increasing year by year. Products remain at a high sales ratio, with companies selling more than 90 per cent of all products in 2022.
China-King is the controlling shareholder and Hong-hai has the most sophisticated indirect holdings. The shareholders in the company are China-Galaxy enterprise, 36.72% of the equity-held company and 100% of the interests of the firm are held indirectly by Hong-hai, creating an employee-owned scheme, and an innovative corporate remuneration management system.
In June 2022, the company launched the Fuxcom S.A.S. 2022 Staff Holding Scheme, which improves corporate governance mechanisms, creates shareholder value, attracts talent, innovates corporate pay management systems, and benefits from the arithmetic age, with dynamic developments in industries such as 5g, cloud computing, industrial Internet, etc.
Communications industry: The 5g infrastructure, smart home, etc., has seen a steady increase in demand for a 5g pull factor, 5g leading to rapid growth in the telecommunications sector. 5g is the fifth generation of mobile communication technology, which is a new generation of broadband migration for the interconnection of everything with high-speed, low-time and large-scale connectivity, specifically for enhancing mobile broadband (embb),
Three major applications of super-highly reliable low-time and long-term communications (urllc) and big machine-type communications (mmtc). The construction of “Giga City” has continued to grow as a result of the high profile of 5g construction and related sub-sectors such as 5g infrastructure, smart households, wearable equipment, and car connectivity.
There are currently two batches of 110 cities in the country, which now account for about one-third of all the local cities. The cities have ruled on the scale of the construction of new digital infrastructure from the mobile gigabytes to the broadband gigabytes, which, according to the Ministry of Trade and Communications, currently number 23.12 million stations in the country.
According to ihs, the global market value of 5g infrastructure in 2022 amounted to $30.74 billion, an increase of 4.53% from the same year. The concept of “intelligent home” began in 2010 and market size grew year by year as real estate and smart homes developed.
The Chinese government-led smart city market (including smart government, smart traffic, etc.) invested $21.4 billion, and is expected to reach $38.9 billion by 2026. Smart households contain a segmented area of smart lights, smart door locks, security alarms, smart doors and windows, and they can also form intelligent networks that connect various kinds of household devices for soft applications.
The global market for smart households, according to strategyanalytics, is expected to reach $155 billion in 2023. The demand for wearable equipment is strong. According to idc's global quarterly appliance report, it can be worn in 2022.
After the first contraction of the ready market, the year 2023 will be a year of recovery in the off-the-shelf equipment market, with global output expected to reach 442.7 million in 2023, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the same period, and the current surplus of downstream stocks has led to a short-term containment of the delivery and the var,ar, which is an important route to the meta-cosmos, which has continued to grow in China.
According to idc China, in 2022, China's Vr One machine broke 1 million major lines, and the new pancake product became the main product in the second half of the year, and the pipeline became more diverse.
Up to $500, the market demand rises and the volume of goods is up. Currently, consumer-grade args are still dominated by split machines, mainly to expand screen use. Car connections are combined with 5g depths and are supported by automobile electronics. Car connections are based on agreed communications protocols and data interactive markers.
The network of wireless communication and information exchange between cars and cars, roads, drivers, pedestrians, and cloud platforms is a typical application of object-networking technology in the area of automobiles. At present, the country’s car-networking industry is in the process of being integrated into the depth of 5g technology, and as it evolves from traditional fuel trucks to intelligent, network-connected and electrodynamic processes, car-networking is expected to become 5g.
The most promising applications of cross-border integration in the area of transport and automobiles. And car electronics play a key role in the trio transformation of traditional cars, leading innovation, so car electronics also drive rapid growth in car connectivity, which will also be helped by the development of our car electronics market.
Figure 21: Developments in the electronics market in China ' s automobiles (2015-2020) Figure 22: Size of the car network market (2015-2020) Cloud computing industry: Chhatgpt detonating aigc, the era of the “calculatory economy”
Arithmetic demand continues to release the computing infrastructure industry to a new cycle of growth. In an era of hot concepts such as chhatgpt, meta-cosm, and artificial energy, there is a huge amount of data that needs to be stored at the end of the cloud, as well as in the computational infrastructure associated with cloud computing.
12 per cent long, expected to deliver 18,850,000 items in 2026, with a compound growth rate of 5.6 per cent, and a global server value of 8.2 per cent in 2022. In addition, with the spread of artificial intelligence applications, the size of the country ' s smart calculations nearly doubled in 2022, reaching 268 eflops, exceeding the size of the universal computing power; and the projected annual compound growth rate of the size of our smart calculations over the next five years.
The global cloud-counting market is booming, and China’s cloud-counting market has grown by over 80%. According to China’s Institute of Industrial Research, it has grown by 16,57%. The Chinese cloud-counting market size is also growing year by year, from 51,5 billion yuan in 2016 to 31,2 billion yuan in 2021.
43.2 per cent above the growth rate of global cloud computing, and the future Chinese cloud computing market is expected to accelerate further. Figure 25: Global cloud computing market size and projections (2018-2025e) Figure 26: China cloud computing market size and growth (2016-2021)
By 2022, departments such as the State Council, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Development and Reform Commission and others had issued a series of guidelines, support and mandatory policies on cloud computing, which had strengthened the focus on cloud computing, and had led to the development of cloud computing, which required cloud computing to combine the number of businesses that had been assigned to entities in the transition.
Can be better valued in the manufacturing sector, while emphasizing the importance of cloud safety markets and cloud computing infrastructure. Digital solutions are developed to create digital networking intelligence for SMEs, to strengthen technology entrepreneurship and applications, and to create a critical commonality of service-oriented approaches
Technology Platforms to promote new-generation information such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, big data.
Chatgpt activates the aigc heat. Aigc refers to the use of artificial intelligence to generate content, followed by ugc, pgc.
In addition to the new content production methods, the capgpt that triggers the subject is a typical application of aigc, there are a breakdown of ai drawings, ai writing, ai video, etc.
Chatgpt requires a great deal of arithmetic support, and cloud computing continues to benefit.
3640 pflop/s-day (1 billion calculations per second, 3640 full days running) and, during the day-to-day operation phase, chatgpt also needs to interact with the consumption algorithms. Taken together, the gpt-3 language model consists of 175 billion parameters, an increase of almost 117 times over the gpt-2, the amount of parameters involved in the gpt-4 will reach 1.6 trillion, and the cloud computing will provide the power of the calculation.
Chatagpt also stimulates the growth of 5g devices, and chhatgpt also requires higher hardware support, requiring performance in hardware such as cpu, gpu, memory, etc., and adequate network bandwidth due to the large amount of data input and output that users need to process online.
The global scale of computing has continued to grow. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the country ' s combined capacity grew by 46% in 2016-2021 and is projected to reach 56zflops by 2030, with a combined growth rate of 65%; the total computing power of our computing equipment was 202eflops in 2021, compared to the total computing power of our global computing equipment in 2021.
idc is an important part of the Internet data centre, the arithmetic infrastructure, and data for the development of new-generation digital technologies such as 5g, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, etc.
The hub and the calculator are the basis of cloud computing, so the boom in idc will continue to benefit cloud computing. Thanks to national policies, such as new infrastructure, digital transformation, and the demand for business mitigation efficiency, our data centre’s operating income has continued to grow at a high rate. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications, our data centre reached 150 billion yuan in 2021.
US$ 74.6 billion, compared to US$ 46.5 billion in 2017, with a 10% compound growth rate, compared to the size of our national data centre, which is growing at a much faster rate than the global growth rate.
At the same time, according to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the size of our data centre has continued to increase, with 1.66 million units in 2017, including 830,000 larger and larger aircraft, as of the end of 2021:
There are 5.2 million aircraft, of which more than 4.2 million are large-scale, and 6.7 million are expected by 2022, of which 5.4 million are large-scale and above-sized. The meta-cosm brings with it a wide range of data computing and storage needs, increasing the application of cloud computing. The nature of the meta-cosm is cloud computing.
As the most basic calculus that can provide the meta-cosm, cloud computing can give the meta-cosmos a great deal of energy, and it can become the bottom layer of technology behind the metacosystem. At the same time, margin computing will be at its peak because the meta-cosmos provides usability and performance enhancement.
Industrial Internet plays an important role in the digital transformation process, based on connectivity. Industrial Internet is an important enabler in upgrading digital transformations by means of comprehensive connectivity to people, machines, goods, systems, etc., to build new manufacturing and service systems that cover the entire industrial chain, the entire value chain.
Optimizing configuration to achieve mitigation efficiency and green and safe development; industrial Internet at the same time accelerating network upgrading, expanding digital economic space, and achieving extensive industrial upstream and downstream, cross-cutting connectivity. Industrial Internet construction and spill capacity have yielded significant results, with industry adding an estimated $4.45 trillion in 2022, which is already in place.
According to the White Paper on the Economic Development of China ' s Industrial Internet Industry, published by the Chinese Institute of Industrial Internet Research in 2022, the total value added of our industrial Internet direct industry reached 1.7 trillion yuan in 2021, the value added of the industrial Internet penetration industry was 2.93 trillion yuan, and the value added of the industrial Internet industry was over 4 trillion yuan.
In 2022, it will reach $4.45 trillion. This represents both an increase in the value added of the core industry and an acceleration of the industrial Internet, which will penetrate the traditional industries of steel, machinery, electricity, transport, energy, etc., further exemplifies the enabling role. White paper data show that the value added of the industrial Internet industry in 2021 was 3.58 per cent of the gdp, and the industrial Internet industry in 2022.
The size of the value added as a percentage of gdp is expected to rise to 3.64%, thus it is known that the industrial Internet has become an engine of economic growth, and that the industrial Internet has been policy-driven and dynamic. According to data from the Ministry of Trade and Finance, in 2022, our industrial Internet industry reached about 1.2 trillion yuan, 512 engineering collectors of the 5g+Industrial Internet, and the industrial Internet enabling industry has been transformed.
The Industrial Internet Innovation Development Action Plan (2021-2023), issued by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, proposes the initial construction of an industrial Internet network base facility covering all regions and industries by 2023. At the same time, the industrial Internet has been written into the Government Report for five consecutive years, with the State Department in 2022.
The report on the government’s work, issued in March of that year, also reiterated the need to accelerate the development of the industrial Internet, with favourable policies promoting the industrial Internet into a golden period of development. The size of the industrial Internet market has been growing year by year.
By 2025, the market for industrial Internet platforms and applications in China will have reached $5.61 billion, and by 2021-2025, the capr will have been 29.6%, while China, as the world’s largest industrial digital market, continues to have a strong demand for the Internet. According to data from the Institute of Foresight Industry as a whole, the global industrial Internet has a stable market size in hardware and network products.
The PHARE Plant represents the highest level of digital production worldwide. The PHARE Plant, selected jointly by the World Economic Forum and McKinsey, refers to the large-scale application of the technology of the fourth industrial revolution, which actively promotes the transformation of business models.
The Lighthouse Plant has significantly reduced production costs by introducing new technologies such as artificial intelligence, object networking, cloud computing, and industrial robotics to construct a digitized system that covers the enterprise's entire internal processes, the whole of the industrial chain up and down, thereby improving the efficiency of the enterprise's production. According to McKenzie, the productivity of the Lighthouse Plant has increased more than two and a half times on average, with a profit margin raised.
As of January 13, 2023, 132 factories had been selected for the lighthouse plant, which belonged to 76 companies. From the distribution of the countries in which the lighthouse plant belonged, the top three were in the middle.
Country, United States, Germany; in terms of distribution among the countries in which the lighthouse plant is located, the top three are China, the United States, India, and China, which have far more lighthouse plants than other countries, which will provide significant market opportunities for a digital transition. Figure 36: Total size of global computing (2019-2025e)
In 2022, our digital economy rose to about 50 trillion yuan in size. In February 2023, the State Council launched the Plan for the Construction of a Digital China as an important engine for the modernization of the Chinese style in the digital age.
The rapid development of the digital economy as an engine of digital economic growth will drive the continued benefits of the industrial Internet.
Figure 37: Size of our digital economy (2016-2021 trillion yuan) Figure 38: Internal structural data of our digital economy (2016-2021 trillion yuan)
Growth point #1: Three major business advantages are synergized and are growing faster than ever before The company, as a solutionr for high-end smart manufacturing and industrial Internet programs, has established a leading position globally, with a certain overlap of downstream and customer involvement in the three major operations (cloud computing, communications and mobile network equipment and industrial Internet)
Given the obvious synergies between complementary strengths and the strong attributes of multiple races’ growth, companies continue to exhibit greater elasticity in their performance at the scale of hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue. With respect to communications and mobile network equipment, companies benefit from digital economic development, and actively deploy business network equipment, wireless networks, and the like.
Equipment and 5g-related products, smart home products, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In addition, the company’s network security equipment can better meet the safety needs of downstream customers and also show strong growth and dynamism. The company has a leading client group of more than 50% of the global market’s network equipment.
The company's ability to develop smart family solutions continues to expand. The company's deep-seated smartphones and apparel, the high-precision institutional production line, the firm's core competitiveness in 2022, based on the high-precision institutional capabilities of smart phones and apparel devices, was honoured by the lighthouse plant that was selected by the World Economic Forum, and was the world's leading plant for the processing of the most sophisticated institution's lighthouses.
Figure 40: Industrial communication and network equipment product matrix Cloud computing: the launch of chhatgpt has brought about a major change in the world of the ai, “al+” is a stronger enabler for a large number of industries, companies, companies, and companies.
Chatgpt’s success is an objective test of the viability of the large prophesy model, and a large number of domestic and international manufacturers are now publishing their own models, and demand such as servers is rising. Companies benefit greatly from their products, and exports are growing rapidly.
In October 2022, the company launched its first global dcmhs server; the company ' s ebof memory supports a distributed data centre structure that is more advantageous in terms of ventilation, radiation and efficiency utilization; the company ' s new generation of liquid cooling technology is also applied to the latest Hpc accelerator. With regard to liquid cooling technology, the company continues to expand the data centre.
Energy-saving technology development to achieve cost savings and efficiency gains through immersion and containerized liquid cold radiation systems. Figure 41: Industrial cloud computing product matrix. Industrial Internet aspects: three core panels of corporate industry Internet platform (lighthouse/standard software/fiicloud) operations
The outstanding manufacturing consultancy and lighthouse plant solutions business grew 113% in 2022 and 60% in households; one-stop digital manufacturing business revenue grew 283% and customers 63%; cloud and platform services services revenue grew 140% and resource size increased 53%. Companies can provide different types of customers, such as large, small and medium-sized enterprises.
Professional landscape applications, digital manufacturing management, two-carbon strategic services, smart hardware equipment, digital talent organization development, etc. Digital transformation services. Companies have deposited one-stop digital transformation service capabilities and a full-scale landscape product system, serving more than 1,500 firms in large industries.
Growth point #2: Plural development goes hand-in-hand, i-server plus apples have a lot of flowers, multiple layouts are on track, focusing on four main areas. IUF’s capital expenditure in 2022 was $8.90 billion, a 34% increase compared to 2021, capital expenditure was raised from investment in productive capacity and automation, and outward investment was concentrated.
In the areas of semiconductor, motor electronics, big data, robotics. • Semiconductor areas: priority layout chip design, eda software, semiconductor manufacturing, advanced sealing and high-end precision testing and automation equipment.
It has become a multiplicity of cross-border M&As in the area of semiconductors, such as the Anse semiconductor; at the same time, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth has expressed its willingness to invest in a large number of inclusive intelligence groups with other subjects, as well as in sophisticated high-end manufacturing projects through a wide range of inclusive intelligence groups.
• The electronics sector focuses on the three main areas of new energy vehicles - power-drive control, smart vehicle and vehicle connectivity. The company continues to focus on the high-growth track, targeting three investment directions: light-quantization, provincial electrification, intelligentization, including the acquisition of shares in a permanent power-drive, a new-energy vehicle's unpaired direct-flow generator and its drive controller industry; and the signing of a war with Ngipu.
• Large data areas: expand data centre server hosting and ai server technology, and work with cloud computing clients to improve the industrial chain. Industrial enrichment is based on the advantage of scalding data accumulation, the ability of one-stop digital transformation services and the whole
The Federation of Industries has launched the Lighthouse Pilot 2021-2025, which aims to develop 10 world-class lighthouse plants, 100 digital converters, 1,000 imported digital technology applications, and 50,000 products and technical services to improve services.
● Automation & Robotics: Strategic investment enhances the competitiveness of the main business, smart manufacturing and high-precision manufacturing technology. The Industrial Union invests in the smart robots, Ling Cloud Light, and the company continues to build on the core bottom technologies of optical imaging, software algorithms, etc., which can be created through the deployment of visual systems and smart visual devices.
The solution for the surface quality detection of the entire metal-processing process and the topmoudle display of the module for the surface quality testing solution figure 43: In the case of the IUF investment layout and server, the marginal enhancement of corporate innovation capacity, the continuous growth of product changes and the prospect of giants leading the industry.
The company is expected to take the lead in this cycle of growth. The annual delivery of the i server with gpgpu (generalpurposegpu) in 2022 was 1%, and in 2023, with related applications such as Chatbot, cagr in 2022-2026 was expected to reach +10.8% in 2022, Microsoft, Google, Meta, etc.
Figure 44: Global e-mails and cagr estimates 2022-2026. Figure 45: Ratio of e-server purchases in 2022 to technology innovation and continuous enhancement of competitiveness. Modular design, corporate R & D based on open platform coalition architecture
The Dcmhs data centre modular hardware system was rolled out to the first modular server worldwide, while products were being used in the latest generation of Hpc accelerators; in the case of liquid cooling technology, the company continued to scale up the development of energy-saving technologies in the data centre to provide cost savings and efficiency gains through over-impregnated and machine cabinet-style liquid cold radiation systems. More products will be delivered in 2023.
The company’s server business is the world’s number one market share, with deep-beneficiary-ai industry growing, and giants are expected to lead the industry. For years, the corporate cloud computing industry has developed products to the fourth generation for the first team of cloud servers and for the i-storage providers.
The dollar is ranked first in terms of revenue, and the gap has been opened between the second and third-high-high- and high-latitude technology (SWIFT). The company’s main clients at the server level are amazon, dell, hpe, etc., who also have an advantage in the global server market. In 2022, the company’s business depth expanded, and its products doubled in 2022.
The share of i server and hpc exports increased rapidly, to about 20 per cent in 2022, of cloud service provider products, and continued to live in figure 46: share of the market of the IUF servers (2021) globalserverevenuesbycompany, 2021 (in$millition)
• On the apple side, the weather pressure is expected to release, and the structural upgrade is expected to continue to increase the company’s performance. Apple technology innovation continues, and the product structure under the flag is expected to continue to upgrade.
Components, etc. Apple cellular structures are expected to be continuously upgraded, and companies are expected to benefit directly as fruit chain producers. Figure 47: Apple mobile phone change reprogramming, Figure 48: High-precision corporate communications network equipment
• Communications and mobile network equipment: IUF's network security products, which match the growing security needs of clients; IUF's knowledge of the core technology of 5g and wwi-fi6/6e, which is currently deepening the organization's wwi-fi7 product layout; IUF's depth; IC's rapid growth in the volume of goods in the electronics sector, smart households and related products. As a result, communication and mobile network equipment are forecast to grow rapidly.
• Cloud service equipment: acagec applications likechatgpt will drive a new wave of growth in demand for arithmetic, which is expected to lead to an increase in demand for the delivery of industrially enriched servers. Overall, the Federation of Industrial Wealth is in the forefront of the strategy on the i-server, the Industrial Internet: as the digital economy and the real economy tend to integrate, the number of industrial Internet operations of the Federation of Industrial Wealth is moving.
Taking into account the computer, communications, and other electronics industries of which the Federation of Industries is a member, we have a certain similarity in the choice of the main business, the risk of macroeconomic volatility: macroeconomic volatility, which may affect the conduct of a company’s business. Downstream market demand falls short of the expected risk: weak downstream demand affects the volume of corporate sales.
Equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs. Subgroups, then joined the Sinda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022 to study optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.