The company announced a number of investments to deepen the material layout of the lithium electric material and improve the industrial cycle of the Kojiang base.
As an electrolytic liquid tap, the cost is ahead of the curve and actively expands; at the same time, the positive material layout is advanced, performance is provided, and at the same time, the sum of $40.52 million will be replenished to Jiangxi Eide and, upon completion, will hold 70 per cent of Jiangxi Eide’s shares.) Zhejiang Ed intends to invest $250 million in the construction of 25,000 tons of phosphate per year of phosphoric lithium.
Project: 3) The full-time subsidiary, Xijiang Tianhian, proposes to invest $190 million in the construction of a 300,000-ton sulphur acid project per year. 4) The full-fledged subsidiary, Xijiang Tianteng, proposes to invest $581 million in the construction of a combined by-product salt & chlor-alkali installation technology upgrading project. 5) The company proposes to provide a supplement to the fully-owned subsidiary, Hong Kong, in HK$ 10.9 million.
Deepening the layout of lithium-based positive materials: the company's equity acquisition and replenishment of Jiangxied has allowed the company to further consolidate its resources, enhance its management and control of positive materials subsidiaries and upgrade its capital capacity; Jiangxied's wholly-owned company Zhejiang Eide invested 25,000 tons of phosphate iron
The Lithium Positive Materials Project is the implementation of the investment framework agreement that was signed with the city government of Taizhou to improve the company’s production capacity and variety layout in the field of positive materials, taking full advantage of industrial synergies. Improving the industrial cycle of the Qijiang Base: The Sulphur Acid Project can, on the one hand, reduce the tailings of Qijiang.
Costs, requirements for the production of steam and electricity, on the one hand, and future needs for sulphuric acid such as lithium hexafluor phosphate and iron phosphate, on the other.
Salt, which forms the industrial cycle of the Kojiang production base. Policies are not as expected; prices of electrolyte are falling faster than expected; and positive material operations are not advancing as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.