The decline in performance was in line with expectations, and long-term development was expected.
The decline in corporate performance was due to higher costs, lower sales prices, higher prices, which led to a marked increase in the cost of their products, and a significant decrease in the sale price of the company’s main electrolyte, which led to a significant decline in the Māori rate. The decline in the price of the electrolyte was due mainly to the policy and the power lithium battery industry going up to the stock market in the last four quarters.
The demand for materials is weak, and the electrolytic fluids are weak. As the policy implications are diluted, new energy vehicle targets are set for one quarter, and the sales of electric cars are up, power cell manufacturers will be in the stock-up phase, and demand for electrolyte will rebound.
In 2017, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Ensign, and financed an expansion of 200,000 tons of electrolyte projects, mainly to improve the quality of the company's customers' services in the east of the country.
The implementation of the project will further improve the company’s investment in three revolving industrial projects in the city.
The company is the leading company in the country in the field of electrolytic fluids, with 26% of the city in 2017, and has created a synergy between the “electrolysis liquids-positive materials” and the upstream raw materials project through the layout of the positive materials, the by-products combination. The department now holds 70% of Jiangxi Eide's shares.
At the same time, the company is investing in the construction of a new profit growth point by producing 25,000 tons of lithium phosphate in solid materials. The company is also investing 300,000 tons of sulphuric acid to meet the company’s demand for sulphuric acid in products such as hexafluoride, lithium and iron phosphate, which can reduce the company’s dependence on raw materials and price sensitivity.
The project will provide companies with long-term raw materials such as liquid chlorine, liquid alkaline, and energy supplies that can recover by-products, build internal recycling in conjunction with the sulphur acid project in order to recover further by-products, lower efficiency, and the company's investment in the sub-salin integrated use of the chlor-alkali device.
Industry systems, further reduction of efficiency gains, and enhancement of corporate overall profitability. Thus, in the power cell material industry, the industry event rating: companies with multi-operational layout and cost advantages in the context of continuous recommendation of diaphragms and electrolytic fluids price-driven growth to client demand-driven growth
The new energy vehicle policy is not as fast as expected and the positive material business expansion is not as fast as expected.
The first author, the director of the chemical industry of the Institute of Ocean Securities, published two papers in an internationally renowned academic sci journal. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.