Quick report on the performance of Tian Chi material (002009) The low performance of Tian Chi material is now evident, and the closing of lithium electrical material is now in place.
• Increase in non-recurrent gains and losses in the fourth quarter, affecting single-season profits: in the first quarter, operating revenue was 524 million dollars in the fourth quarter, an increase of 6.56 per cent in the same year and a decline of 12.5 per cent in the ring by three quarters; and net repatriation was achieved
The loss of impairment of assets caused by the loss of impairment of the goodwill and bad debts of Titchin Koly Star, etc., has led to a significant decline in profits and ring ratios in the fourth quarter, which is worth growing next year.
2. Predictable levels of electrolytic discharge, second half of the year. 3. High performance growth, doubling capacity.
And the new business expansion is worth looking forward to an increase in the volume of electrolysis fluids in almost 50% in 17 years, but the fall in the price of UF6 has affected profits in 18 years, a slight drop in the ring over the third quarter, and the price of the electrolyte is high in one quarter at an average cost of 70,000 tons per quarter, and two seasons.
The price of 18 years in the first quarter of the year is about 45,000 tonnes. The company's liquid HFC 6 capacity will expand at the end of the quarter, and the liquid HFC 6 will have a more cost advantage and will increase the company's profitability. Over 45,000 tons of electrolyte are expected to be delivered throughout the year.
A 50 per cent increase, targeting of large domestic clients (catl+ high echelons, etc.) while expanding overseas customers  17 years of solarized products affected by price increases in raw materials, a decline in the Māori rate, which has now recovered, and a drop of around 10 points in the previous three quarters due to higher prices for raw materials, but already four quarters.
The annual corporate solar harvests have remained at about 30%, and Māori levels have continued to rise, with net profits expected to rise back to 100 million in 18 years.  The company’s lithium electric material is initially closed, upstream raw materials and positive materials are progressing well.
In 18 years, the company will contribute nearly 100 million dollars in profits: while transferring 12.22 per cent of the shares in the lithium-sink industry, it still holds 30 per cent of the Kyojiang exchange and will release 0.8 million lithium-carbonate and 0.8 million lithium-hydroxide production capacity; and the company will contribute 10,000 tons of lithium-carbonate processing capacity.
We've decided that lithium carbonate can still be maintained at more than 150,000 tons in the first half of the year, and that it can still make a significant investment gain for the company. At the same time, the company has 10,000 tons of hydrofluoric acid, which is expected to contribute 20 million dollars this year, in addition to its own supply and external sales.
The terminal company will release 30,000 tons of iron phosphate production capacity, with a projected volume of up to 10,000 tons and a self-use of up to 7,000 tons, and we expect 30 million dollars in profits from lithium phosphate and iron phosphate.
Tons, and the company’s follow-up of the new lithium salt, the material layout, etc., are to be expected. We expect that the company’s electrolytic fluids will not be delivered as expected, and that the price of the electrolyte and lithium hexafluorates will decline.