Congregation of e-Commodity (300661), high-end acceleration, simulation of sound development of taps, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Investment logic: 1) Simulation of national production replacement continues. Simulation of industry ' s downstream structure is extensive, with better resistance to cycles, currently only 10% +; with increased international friction, China ' s simulated enterprises are more restricted and domestic producers ' national production will to replace them is enhanced. 2) High R & D inputs, 500+ new item numbers per year, providing long-term increases.
Long power. The firm's Deep Farming Simulation Industry has been growing for years, with up to 4300+, and will continue to expand at 500+ in the next three to five years, and the catalog model of Deep Farm Simulation products for years has generated positive feedback with clients, and both product lines have a significant power of new products in the short term, which is expected to help the harvest to take up the new steps.)
High-end substitution + low-end penetration is conducive to a steady increase in share. Companies are expected to continue to accelerate port substitution in high-end markets and to expand their share in low- and medium-end markets, with the share of the global GMic likely to rise to 2.2 per cent over 26 years, with 10 per cent per cent + vehicle revenue expected to significantly increase corporate overall profitability and growth.
● The downstream structure is wide and alternative space is large, and the simulations are more resistant to cycles; with increased international friction, China's simulations are more limited and leading business development is more certain. Simulations are about 13-14% of the semiconductor market model. Growth due to extensive downstream structures and, for example, motor smartness.
Dynamic energy, which is more resistant to cyclical fluctuations, is expected to increase the 23-year simulation market size +1.6 per cent to about $91 billion in the next cycle, while simulationic sales in China account for about 40 per cent; according to idc, China's simulation self-production rate is only about 12 per cent, and national production is a huge alternative space.
In China, simulators tend to be strong because they are less restricted by equipment or absolute technical barriers, and because the importance of craft and household experience has been highlighted, the simulators tend to be strong. The company has been working on a 15-year-old silviculture simulation track, which has grown into a domestic simulator, with excellent product quality, good reputations, and good customer stickyness.
● Signal chains + power management double power, high-end import substitution + medium- and low-end share expansion, which is expected to increase steadily. 1) At the end of the product, the company signal chains and power management products show a share of about 4:6.
Chip product lines, which consist mainly of ldo, dc-dc, led drive, charger, load switch, etc., ldo manages the first-largest line of products for power sources, and in 2022 the company invested heavily in product lines such as dc-dc. The future product lines such as dc-dc are expected to release and significantly increase the volume of corporate collections.
In 2022, the company invested heavily in the adc/dac product line, and since the main player is still ti,adi, the commons are expected to open up in the future in the country ' s production to replace the Blue Sea market. 2) Downstream, the company consumes more and more generally.
Industrial revenue collection is balanced, and future companies will stick to medium- and low-end simulation markets and work to raise their share, and will contribute to the promotion of national substitution in the areas of high-end consumption, high-end industry and automobile electronics, starting in 2022.
Optimization, simulation of high-speed growth of ic poles, annual rise to 10% in corporate car rules, and the profitability of support companies to take the new steps. The start of car operations, the acceleration of the process of national substitution of high-end product lines, and the growth of competition, low-end simulations, etc.
The Division is expected to speed up the process, and the company’s status as a national product’s ic leader is expected to benefit from long-term improvements, and I am expected to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Scenario 1: Power management products: the company’s power management product line has been ldo-dominated in recent years, globally in 2022
Ldo has a rate of about 2.5 per cent, and we expect that in 23-25 years, as a result of the oscillation of the company's output, the company's global market of ldo assumes that: as one of the company's earliest products, the company is highly competitive and the market for linear chain products is about 1.3 per cent globally in 2022, and that, as a result of its extensive use, it is expected that the company will continue to operate in new and old customers.
The market share of logical products in global logic and enhanced signal chain products, driven by customers in areas such as consumer electronics and auto-electronics assumes that, owing to domestic competition in power-management products, the expansion of the product and the company's voluntary share of price cuts, we have been able to restructure products that are intense and of higher value to the company, and the Māori ratio is expected to be less affected.
We're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market, we're different from the market.
Large international plant expansion is limited but limited in its level of checks and balances; 2) Under current revenue levels, companies will continue to have higher endogenous signal switching (adda) in the future, which is expected to achieve import substitution for products that are the main contributors to the profits, and the revenue spread of the new material is expected to provide growth dynamics for the company’s revenue volume and profitability to be sustained.
The impact on corporate power management product lines is greater, and companies have been actively adjusting their own power management operations to maintain close to 50 per cent Māori while increasing their market-based rates, which are expected to be more income-supporting; with regard to signal chain product lines, stockouts are still not fully mitigated, and high-end signal chains, such as industrial-level signal switching, are still in the initial stages of national production substitution, and future countries are still in the future.
Demand recovery is expected to continue, industry inventories are confirmed at the bottom, and the expansion of major international plants is not expected. Historical pe-centre is about 82x. Given the fast growth of the company’s power grid, the growth of the company’s growth rate and the start of future automobile operations.
(a) The accelerated process of substitution of national production by high-end product lines and, with increased competition and the prospect of accelerated liquidation by low-end simulation companies, the company ' s dominant position as a national production model is expected to benefit in the long term from improved patterns, and we give the company 23 years of 17 xps (less than the expected risk of recovery of demand in response to 99 x); the risk of competition from overseas competitors; and the risk of industry stock digesting less than the expected risk;
Long-term domestic simulators fail to meet the expected risks. 1 Company profile: more than a decade of deep-farming, simulating tap development robust 1.1 development journey: focus on simulating chip R & D and marketing, mergers and acquisitions to expand layouts
Founded in 2007 and listed on the business board (stock code 300661.sz) in 2017, S.B.E.L. was a chip design focused on the development and marketing of high-performance, high-quality model integrated circuit products.
At present, the company has 30 broad categories and over 4,300 products, of which 16 are signal chain chips, 14 are power pipeline chips, and some of the key performance indicators are better than those of the world's leading model producers. Between 2017 and 2020, the company introduced 200-300 new products each year, 2021 and 2022.
End of application: predominantly divided into two main directions: consumer and pan-industrial. Specific areas of breakdown include consumer electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobile electronics, and early deployment in emerging areas such as networking of goods, new energy sources, smart clothing, artificial intelligence, smart homes, 5g communications, strong demand for new applications in companies, and extensive downstream applications with ironing.
Figure 1: Corporate business layout and product applications. Looking back at the corporate development process, it is divided into two main phases: the company ' s high-precision magnifier chip series (2011), high-performance high-level video-filter product (2011), multi-purpose
"China's semiconductor innovation products and technologies", jointly awarded by China's Semiconductor Association, the Beijing City People's Government's Award for Science and Technology, Second Class of the Beijing City Award, and the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People's Republic of China's "National Priority New Products Certificate",
The Beijing City People's Government awarded the “Beijing City Science and Technology Award 3rd Prize.” In 2016, the sgm 40562 high input charge chargers and sgm 41000 chip battery protections were launched, and in 2017, the company was successfully listed on the entrepreneurship board. The company's own research and development strength and product competitiveness were strongly validated by the company's many years of award and honour.
2) 2018-present: Active mergers and acquisitions, expanding the variety of products, and creating advantages of scale. In the face of fierce market competition, the São Paulo shares began a series of mergers and acquisitions in 2018. In March 2018, the company acquired $10.86 million to expand the research and development team. In December of the same year, 28.7 per cent of the shares of the Xinhai semiconductor were acquired to enrich the source management chip product line.
In 2019, the company acquired Shanghai Pingsheng and Hangzhou. In 2019, Shanghai Pinsheng was mainly involved in radio frequency integration (RF) and Hangzhou deep knowledge, covering signal chain and power management. In 2020 and 2021, the company acquired Qingxing and Shanghai Fangtai, respectively, to further supplement and create synergies with the product categories of the company.
In 2022, the semiconductor industry experienced a decline in the climate, macroeconomic recession, and consumer demand. Low, companies achieved a negative growth in their harvests based on a variety of product types, a solid technological base, and stringent product quality.
The São Paulo shares use the Fables (no crystalline production line) business model, which outsources the crystal circle manufacturing and sealing tests to the replacement plants. In contrast to the Idm model, the Fables model reduces the significant expenditure on manufacturing plants and equipment and funds them.
Resources are better focused on the design and development of chips. At present, the company's crystal-crystal manufacturer is mainly a battery, and since its creation, the division has been working well with the plant: the service providers of encapsulation testing services are, inter alia, long-term electricity technology, micro-technology, and Chengdu. In addition, the company has begun to provide well-known supplies in China-Chole International, Tianhuahua, etc.
Business cooperation to further strengthen their capacity for resource consolidation and capacity expansion. 1.2 Equity structure: centralized equity structure, stable management, full equity incentives, centralized equity structure, stable management from year to year.
The director and general manager, Mr. Zhang Shi-lone, held 100% of the shares and was the actual manager of the company; the deputy chairman, deputy general manager and secretary of the board, Ms. Zhang, 100% of the shares were held by Ms. Polo-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-L-L-L-L-L-l-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-I-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-N.
St. Kong is a fully-owned subsidiary of the company; the Xiaohai semiconductor is a company with a shareholding ratio.
25.46 per cent. The Xiaotai semiconductor, a leading power management design company in China, is mainly engaged in the power management chip products and resolution programmes. It currently sells 10 or over 500 products, including dc-dc power converters, ac-dc power converters, led drivers, battery management, pmic, interface protection, etc., and is widely used in smart meters, security, machine cap boxes, circuits, etc.
By means of instruments, mobile phones, wearable equipment, mobile power, etc., they cover a wide range of market areas, including industry, consumption, and communications. Associated enterprises contribute to the enrichment of St. Helena’s product groups and further improve the competitiveness of their products.
With regard to the value of operating income, the target value of business income for 2022-2024 is RMB 3.19 billion in business income in 2022, an increase of 42.4 per cent over the target.
Equity incentives have highlighted corporate development confidence, helping to stimulate team motivation, maintain core staff stability and boost firm drive within long-term competition in the market. 1.3 Projects under development: relative balance in power management and signalling chain input, advance to incremental markets.
Two major business inputs are balanced, partly in the production phase of the project. By 2022, the company had 11 ongoing projects. Among these, the power management products included a series of low-power, low-pressure, low-line, low-power, dc-dc power conversion, high-efficiency low-power-driven chips, high-efficiency lithium battery management chips and load switches and protection chips:
Signal chain products include high-precision modulus/digital model converter series chips, high-performance transport and comparisoner series chips, high-speed simulations, relationship chip, high-precision temperature sensor series chips, electro-plytic conversions, and small-logical series chips. Compared to 2021, model chip studies have been increased. New products are being developed mainly for consumer electronics, industry, medicine, communications equipment, and gas.
In areas such as cars and new energy, some products have already achieved either volume or bulk production and have applied for a number of related patents. Companies want to better meet their customers’ needs through sustained technological and product accumulation, develop more incremental markets, increase their share in the relevant markets, and increase the international competitiveness of firms and products.
1.4 Financial analysis: Rapid growth in performance, profitability ahead, increased growth in R & D 1.4.1 Accelerated growth in performance and higher growth in net return to mothers than in harvests. 2023q1, companies achieved revenue of $510 million, same
33.8 per cent less than the 33.8 per cent decrease; the net return to the mother was 88.4 per cent less than the previous year: 100 million yuan increased to 870 million yuan, compared to 70.4 per cent in four years; net profit to the company from revenue collection and repatriation increased year by year, and performance was visible, mainly because the company continued to expand new products and new customers, thanks to its leading technological advantages and excellent product performance.
The company’s main business includes power management products and signal chain products. In 2022, power management products and signal chain products were 37.4 per cent. At present, the company has launched a series of high-performance and high-quality simulation chip products against world-class modelers.
Some of the key energy indicators are better than those in other countries. In power management products, companies have developed super-low-power dc/dc converters and decomposition dc/dc converters, low-pressure low-volume high-performance ldos, high-efficiency lithium battery chargers, large dynamic logarithmic currents - voltage converters: in signal chain products, firms have designed ultra-low-capacity magnifiers and
Comparers, high-precision, low-noise instrument amplifiers, 24 high-precision adc, etc. The company’s product structure is constantly being optimized, the product’s advantages are evident, and the market’s domestic and foreign market share will continue to rise.
More efficient marketing in this context, on the other hand, can be further promoted using the customer resources of the distributors. 1.4.2 Profitability. Profit levels continue to rise, product structure leads to an increase in the Māori rate, and companies will adjust their price strategies to demand dynamics in the future.
1) In terms of overall profitability, in recent years, as the product structure of the company continues to optimize, the share of high-end products such as high accuracy, low power consumption and low noise has increased, and the level of corporate profitability has continued to rise. In 2018-2022, the Māori sales rate for the company was from 45.9 per cent to 5.4 per cent net interest rate on sales).
The rates were 55.4 per cent and 94.9 per cent, respectively, while the Māori rate for power management products and the net interest rate for signal chain products were higher than in the same period the previous year. Corporate profitability was higher in 2018-2022 than for analog chip-like companies; and 2023q1, with Māori and net interest rates of 52.7 per cent and 5.4 per cent respectively, were among the top.
Dupont analysis: The company as a whole has shown an upward trend, with net interest rates and asset turnover contributing more significantly and equity multipliers stable over time. In 2022, the company rose by 29.8 per cent, down by 6.1 pp from the same period the previous year; net sales showed that the company ' s ability to generate net returns on its own capital was increasing; net interest rates for sales grew steadily, making the best contribution to roe.
Significant; the overall asset turnover rate increased from 0.57 to 0.91, indicating a gradual improvement in asset operating efficiency, a decrease in the quality and use of asset management and in the atmosphere of market demand, but a modest decline, with companies still having better mobility in the industry. While the increase in R & D costs was not significant, the absolute value of R & D costs increased significantly over the same period.
In order to maintain the company’s technological innovation capacity, to keep up with the development of cutting-edge technologies and to keep up with high-quality simulation chip products that meet market demands, the company has been giving high priority to research and development inputs, with a total of over 500 new products in 2022. In 2018-2022, the company’s R & D costs increased from $900 million to $630 million;
Two track analysis: China is growing faster than the world, and domestic producers are diagnosing their fields of cultivation. 2.1 Industry profiles: China’s nearly 100 billion power-management, i.e., local development is faster than the world’s nearly 600 billion semiconductors, with China accounting for more than 30%. In 2022, the global semiconductor market went through a lot.
At the beginning of the year, sales were at an all-time high, but at the end of the year there was a cyclical downturn. According to Wsts, the global semiconductor market grew by between 3.2 per cent and $580.13 billion on a year-on-year basis; China remained the largest market, growing by 6.3 per cent to $18.3 billion on a year-on-year basis in 2022, with a global share of 31.5 per cent.
ic is the largest segment of the semiconductor industry in the world, and China’s market is growing faster than the global market. Semiconductor products can be divided into four main categories: integrated circuits (ic), optical electronic devices, separation devices and sensors, of which integrated circuits are the largest segment of semiconductors, accounting for 80% of the total semiconductor market. Since 2020, as a result of new applications and increased demand for teleconferencing.
The annual global market size of the public is 28.2 per cent higher and the global market size decelerated to 3.7 per cent in 2022, with weak demand; and the global market size is expected to decline by 5.6 per cent in 2023, as a major area of global production and demand, with China ' s market rising year by year in recent years, at a faster rate than the global rate, as global demand continues to absorb stocks downstream.
According to Wsts, in 2022, the market size of the global model was $895.5 billion, or about 18.7 per cent of the global market size; the Chinese modelic market accounted for about 50 per cent of the global modelic market, with more than 50 per cent of the electricity management system sold in the Chinese market.
Specially designed microscopic microchips designed for specific areas such as communications, consumption, computers, automobiles, industry, etc., in response to specific user requirements and the needs of specific electronic systems: generic analogueic contains electrical power management and signal chainic, which are also widely used in communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobile electronics.
According to the data, in 2021, the market size of the global General Power Management/General Signal Chainsic/Special Simulationic was US$ 190/51/110.2-44.4 billion, respectively; the market size of the Chinese Power Management/General Signal Chainic/Special Simulationic was US$ 101.8/42.6-1506 billion, compared to 53.4 per cent/38.6 per cent/34.2 per cent, respectively, in terms of calibre of production.
Sub-power management is still held by overseas producers, with more than 80% of the producers in Europe and America, a share in Japan, Korea, and Taiwan capital, and less than 10% in China’s local power management. The main components of power management are switch stabilizers, battery chargers and management, linear stabilizers, ldos, voltage benchmarks, electricity.
Source surveillance, sorting and control, and other power management products; signal chainic mainly contains. Linear products (magnifiers, comparisons), signal conversions (adc/dac) and interface products (logic and enhanced, regulated and protected). China’s semiconductor market as a whole is expected to grow faster than the world.
The semiconductor industry chain continues to shift to China. Since 2013, with the launch of national production substitution, there has been an increase in home-grown production, but China ' s national production rate in 2022 was actually less than 20%, the overall national production rate has been slow to move forward, and the future national production replacement space is vast.
Listed as an entity and prohibited the supply of Intel, Hightower and other enterprises to China; accelerated national production substitution in the semiconductor sector; and China ' s leadership in leading domestic oems to accelerate the introduction of national production substitution. In the future, China ' s semiconductor markets in various areas will grow faster than 2.2 competition patterns: strong international players, deep-farming areas of local enterprises plus horizontal expansion.
From 2013 to 2021, nine companies in the world’s top 10 modelic suppliers, among them the Tid State instrument, the diadano semiconductor, and the stimulant method, have never fallen out of the top ten.
This is because, in addition to the circuit design, the designers of modelic should also know the process of making integrated circuits and crystals, as well as the sealing process, which requires time and experience. So, after their long years of development and production, an excellent integrated circuit company can form its own moat, its leader.
The industry is vast, the number and size of Chinese manufacturers are small, and the share of Chinese manufacturers is very small, and future low-end competition is expected to be hot. Offshore manufacturers such as the Tidju state instruments are well on top of the world, and China’s share of the market for local power management is less than 10%. China’s large number of manufacturers, many of them based on low-end products, is unlikely to achieve international standards in the short term.
With the shift of industrial focus to mainland China, China’s power-management design industry is on the rise. In previous years, as production capacity shrunk, European and American manufacturers (e.g., ti) had intended to strategically release some of their consumer civil markets to the Asia-Pacific region, although for the next three to five years,
Low-end power management is low and highly competitive, but simulations will still take time to build up products and experience, and new entrants will face the test of shrinking patent space, large-scale delivery, quality assurance, assurance of consistency, assurance of delivery, and penetration into large customers. Therefore, priority is given to market entry and technological progress, product rotation, etc.
A high-quality, high-cost state-owned power management company with an optimal industrial structure is expected to maintain a certain level of competition in a highly competitive environment 3 company layouts: platform-type companies over 4,000 item numbers, share of low-end upscaling + high-end state-owned alternatives to double-wheel drive
3.1 Core competitiveness analysis: whole-product line layout, deep-farming downstream customers Power management and signal chain two-wheel drive, with city-led leadership; long-term cultivation simulations, which have created better customer viscosity. Corporate product coverage of signal chains and power management two main areas.
Source management global city share is about 1.2%, General Signal chain global market share is about 1.0%, the largest and largest simulation of domestic products. Companies have accumulated over 4,300 material numbers in the year, and companies will accelerate their simulations in the future with 500+ additional material numbers per year.
The company’s marketing network is strong, enabling penetration of large, medium, and small markets. Compared to national simulation companies, the São Paulo distribution network is better organized in the regions, and it is more conducive to a keen understanding of the needs of customers in the regions, penetration of small and medium-sized customers in various fields, especially industrial markets where long-term tailings are evident.
As of 2022, the company's main research and development projects covered a series of high-precision modulus/digital model converter chips, a series of high-performance and comparative transporter chips, a high-speed simulation open relationship chip, a series of high-precision temperature sensors, a flat-level and small-logic series chips, a series of low-power low-pressure linear stabilizers,
High-efficiency low-power dc-dc power switching series chip, high-efficiency low-power-drive chip, high-efficiency lithium battery management series chip, load switch and protection chip. 3.2 Energy analysis: active import of new crystals supplier
The company has actively imported the crystal circle suppliers, which are still dependent on the largest crystal circle suppliers. The company’s largest crystal circle supplier is the battery. Since its inception, the company has worked together with the battery, and since its listing, the company has purchased it at about 40-50% of the cost. In the case of crystals, in addition to maintaining a good partnership with the plant, the company has also started working with the center core.
In the area of encapsulation testing, company suppliers are mainly long-power technology, micro-rich electricity, and Chengdu cores. 3.3 Market analysis: downstream areas develop in a balanced manner to counter single downstream risks.
As the penetration rate of 5g rises, the required simulation of the ic scenario widens; traditional + emerging consumption needs give the mic the ability to simulate its weekly resistance. Simulation of the ic application in consumer markets is extensive and includes traditional applications such as tv, laptops, desktop computers, data storage, as well as newer applications such as wearable equipment, outdoors, home cinemas, portable electronics, etc.
The company has been working for many years in the consumer market, with better customer stickyness, low-end penetration + high-end national production, which is expected to sustain high-speed growth in its current income volume. The company has now developed into a home-grown model leader with excellent product quality and reputation.
We believe that, in the case of consumption applications, the company is expected to maintain its advantage at the lower end of the product line, based on product coverage and performance advantages, and to open the market further with the continued expansion of the high end of the product line. The company’s new and old classes continue to infiltrate with older customers, and the new customers are expected to be better imported, and they are expected to remain in the current income range.
3.3.2 Communications: Demand stability, company-adda start-up is expected to expand product coverage in the area of communications, and the construction of a base station driven by a trend of 5 g has contributed to a substantial increase in the price of the simulated chip required. In February of the year, the country completed the construction of a cumulative 1.56,000 operating 5g base stations. By the end of 2022, it is expected that we will have exceeded 5g base stations.
As the 5g network evolves, the penetration of the terminal equipment, including the 5g mobile phone, is expected to accelerate upwards. Signal chain products, data converters, etc., and accompanying power management chips will be in the communications, industrial and consumer categories.
Intelligent waves of sub-products highlight value. Simulatoric applications are extensive in the areas of broadband fixed-line access, wireless infrastructure, cable networks, and data communication modules. Companies expect the future telecommunications industry to grow at a rate of 10% + for 3 to 5 years.
Figure 39: Modelic application on small cellular stations, company adda feeder is good for penetration in communication customers. The company has continued to work deep on the lower national production of adc/dac product lines over the past year, sigma-deltaadc is a technologically strong company and Saradc produced in 2022.
The material number has been expanded from 10 in 2021 to over 40 and is still in the process of expanding one or two new items per month, with company adda pred.3.3 Industry: Propulsion of industry by 4.0 and Digital Intelligent Wave by promoting industrial simulations.
Industrial propulsion and digital intelligence of 4.0 will drive the use of simulated chips. Industrial simulation chips are widely used in industrial automation. It not only provides high-precision, effective control. It also provides technical support for the acceleration of modern industrial manufacturing by achieving features such as data collection, transmission, and on-site programming.
The growth potential of industrial simulation chips will be more fully exploited as a result of the emergence of elastic waves. The São Paulo distribution network is better distributed in the regions than in the home countries’ analogue companies, and is more sensitive to the needs of the region’s customers, the penetration of small and medium-sized customers in various fields, especially industrial markets where long tail effects are evident.
3.3.4 New energy vehicles: Automobile simulations of the ic increase by over 16%, company electronics import into new energy vehicles and car intelligence trends, and car chips will rise in volume. With car intelligence, the market size of car chips will continue to rise. According to the Chinese AutoIndustries Association, the number of chips required for vehicle bicycles will be based on conventional fuel trucks.
At the time, 600-7000 vehicles had grown to a maximum of 3,000 vehicles; according to the public data of Di, the value of the new energy vehicle chip supplied was expected to rise from $250 in 2017 to $600 in 2025. Automobile simulations increased at a faster rate than the vehicle semiconductor. According to idc, the global semiconductor market was expected to grow at approximately the size of the global vehicle semiconductor market in 2021.
The global car semiconductor market will increase from 11.6 per cent to $42.83 billion over the next three years, with car simulations expected to increase to $7.64 billion at 16.5 per cent, corresponding to 17.8 per cent of the vehicle semiconductor share.
mpu/mcu/dsp storage device asic+assp simulator  logical  other new energy vehicles, the simulation of which is widely applied to adas, auto-electronic devices and lighting, hybrid power and power matrix systems, information and entertainment systems, and instrumentation groups. Electrodynamic and intelligentization enhances the need of new energy vehicles for simulation chips.
The area of use covers power systems (including electrical controllers, obc, dc/dc, bms, etc.), autopilot adas, car-borne entertainment, dashboards, body electronics and lighting. Subregionally: 1) power area: new energy vehicles are powered by “three power systems” (cells, electric machines, electrical controls), involving multiple power conversion processes that require a large number of analogues.
2) Body of vehicles: body space includes body electronics, car safety, comfort control and information communication systems; car lighting consists mainly of lighting lamps, internal and external lights, etc.) Airspace: mainly vehicle sound systems, vehicle multimedia players and monitors, vehicle Global Positioning System (GPS), vehicle computer, car theft protection system, parking support system, no-key access system, etc.)
The company’s accelerated layout in the area of automobiles is expected to support a comparison of the company’s top-of-the-line model with that of shoulder. The company has announced two car code numbers (electricity base and release), with customers including a number of Tier1 manufacturers, and is expected to expand its overseas customers; company planning for 2023
70-80 item numbers, including logic, ldo, dc-dc, adc, high-band tests, etc. Future research and development is expected to be further tilted towards the automotive sector, and the rich Car Code line is expected to help companies profit from the new steps. 3.4 Growth analysis: dc-dc national production +adc/dac extension + car electronic start-up
3.4.1 By product line: Prestige Stable + New Augmentation Contribution Income (1) Power management: dc-dc expands, product lines continue to be imported into old and new customers
dc/dc voltage converter, dc/dc lift transformer, back and flash light led drive, amoled source chip, pmu, ovp and load switch, battery charge management chip, battery protection chip, motor drive chip, mosfet, etc.
The product line, which has now been extended from Buck to Boost, Buck-Boost, covers the application needs of large-scale models ranging from 5v600ma to 65v3a. dc-dc accounts for nearly 30% of the generic power management product, and the global market for the company ' s dc-dc product line currently accounts for less than 1%. As the company ' s dc-dc product is expanded in depth and breadth, the company expects to have access to the product line.
Higher occupancy rate. 2) amoled power chip: From wearable to it, it is expected to start with a large number of international mobile phone customers. 3) ldo: The company has been farming for a long enough period of time and is expected to continue to complete the feed numbers in the future and expand to medium- and high-end markets with lower power consumption, higher currents, higher voltage.
Our measurements for the company power management chip camp are as follows: (2) signal chain: adc/dac acceleration layout, traditional advantage product incubation, company signal chain product lines continue to expand, covering a variety of operations magnifiers and comparisons, audio power magnifiers,
Video buffers, circuit drivers, analogue switches, temperature sensors, mode converters (adc), digital converters (dac), electro-level conversion chips, interface circuits, voltage baseline chips, mini-logic chips, etc. The main growth point for future corporate signal chain product lines is: 1) addc/dac: company sigma-deltaadc is strong and saradc is produced in 22 years
The number has been expanded from 10 in 21 years to over 40 and is still in the midst of 1-2 new items per month, and the company adda is expected to spend better in industry and communications in 23 years. The global market for company adda product lines in 21 was only 0.01 per cent, and it has expanded rapidly in 22 years, raising space in the future.
The integrated signal chain product area is relatively well configured and is expected to continue in the future to refine the process and break through the special parameters on the two product lines, extending in a higher end and higher value.
The company’s downstream applications are widespread, contributing to a single downstream risk. The company’s products are used in various downstream areas, including hand machines, non-phone consumption, communications, industry, medical care, automobiles, etc. The company’s accelerated layout in the area of automobiles is expected to help the company more quickly than the shoulder’s first-class model.
The company plans 70-80 material numbers in 2023, which include logic, ldo, dc-dc, adc, high-band tests, etc. It is expected that future research and development in the company will further tilt towards the automobile sector, and that the rich line of car regulation products will help the company to make a profit. We expect that the company will also continue to expand its power in communications and industry.
The signal chain products headed by adc/dac have been better applied in the area of communications, and we continue to appreciate the development of corporate communications. The industrial sector has a long tailing effect, and a strong marketing network of companies is expected to deepen the outreach of large, medium, and small clients.
Assumption 1: Power management products: in recent years, the company's power management product line has been dominated by ldo, accounting for about 2.5 per cent of the global average in 2022. Because of corporate production tilts, we expect that in 23-25 years, the company's ldo market in the world's ldos. Assumption 2: signal chain products: as one of the company's earliest products, the company delivers competitively, with global access in 2022.
The market for linear chain products is estimated to be about 1.3 per cent and it is expected that, as a result of the widespread use of distribution, the company's operations will continue to be driven by both old and new customers, such as consumers of electronics and automobiles, and the global market for logical and enhanced chain of signals products.
We've selected four major comparable companies in the industry, Srippo, Nakerwe, Jawartt, and Aey, 2023.
With the acceleration of competition and the prospect of accelerated liquidation of low-end analogue companies, the company's status as the leader of the national production simulation is expected to benefit from a long-term improvement in its pattern, and we have given the company 23 years of demand for 17 xps (for 1) less than the expected risk.
2) the risk of competition from overseas competitors; 3) the risk of industry inventories being absorbed less than expected; 4) the risk of domestic simulators falling short of expectations in the medium to long term.
No compensation of any kind has been, will not be, and will not be, obtained, directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.