Overall performance was robust and the pharmaceutical industry was on the rise.
Yunnan White (stock code: 000538), 6.68%. Of this total, operating income for the third quarter was $9,397 million, or 0.66% less than the corresponding figure. The pharmaceutical industry has grown in a positive way, leading to an increase in the company's Māori ratio.
Structure, industrial revenues of $11,582 million in the first three quarters of 2025, an increase of 8.48 per cent over the previous quarter, and receipts of 10.8 per cent over the core product Yunnan White Mist sales revenue of $1,453 million, a significant increase over the same period □ chingpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Over 20.9%; Yunnan white creams, capsules, stickers, and dispersants have all grown significantly. Other brands show a similar increase of $202 million, with more than $100 million in income from spleen stomach particles, close to $100 million from ground blue anti-inflammation tablets, and a significant increase in the spread of blood clots.
116.2%. 2) Business income of the health industry is 3,342 million yuan, an increase of 9.46%. Of this amount, Yun Nan Phenomenal toothpaste is in the top of the country ' s overall market share; green-breeding products earn 217 million.
U.S. dollars, an increase of 11% in the same year. 3) The Chinese pharmaceutical resource community has achieved external income of 914 million yuan, an increase of 37 projects. 2) Innovative Chinese medicine development: building the Yunnan white powder agent star product. Launched by the entire research centre, 180 cases.
Evaluation. The Lossolofon sodium gel gypsum project received a clinical test notification and the formulation-related evaluation was synchronized. 3) Nuclear drugs were the focus, and several innovative drugs were laid out: inr101 was used for pet/ct visual diagnosis Disruption of suspicious prostate cancers, clinical batches were obtained in May 2024, and the i/iia issue of the clinical summary was completed in November
The results show excellent stability and safety of the product, and the ii clinical phase has now been initiated, with 60 cases of test subjects. Inr102 is used to treat transient degenerative prostate cancer patients, I clinical studies have been initiated, and iit has completed 12 cases of patient grouping and delivery.
Investment recommendations: the company is a leading Chinese pharmaceutical company in the country with a clear medium- to long-term layout and a strong strategic fix, with less than expected risks of production in recent years; the risk that higher prices of raw materials will affect the Māori rate of products; and the risk of a collection of reduced prices 1. [Galactic Medicines] company review _ Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz)
Annual Report Review: Consumption poles are strong and diversity is widening. 2. [Galactic Medicines] company review report _ Yunnan White (000538.sz): High growth in core products, company maintenance
[Galactic Medicine] company review report _ Yunnan Pharmacy (000538.sz): This report is presented independently and objectively with a commitment to a diligent and professional approach. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.