In the second half of 2019, the company managed to collect $6,218.4 million.
The 19-year subsidy policy was launched at the end of March, with a three-month transition period, with the first half being limited by the fall in performance, and last year’s low base, with the middle-reporting performance facing a reverse growth. With the introduction of the new subsidy policy at the end of June, the second half of the year’s marginal performance was under pressure.
The company has been working with Toyota in July.
Total equity/flow (million shares) fully exploit their respective advantages, develop electric vehicle models for the Chinese market, and jointly promote pure electric power total market value/flow (million yuan)
As subsidies are phased out, competition among firms within the industry increases, and markets screen firms. Some of the technologies are poor, and funding is tight, compared to Yadi’s New Energy Car Year, which is much faster.
The company that has no competitive advantage will be phased out and technically strong companies will be able to save the future growth of power outside the battery - 2019/07/07 Biadi (002594).
"The Dynasty +e Network to Secure Future Growth" Investment Proposal: As a champion of new energy vehicles, companies have a long history of good markets, monuments and technology build-up, industry-wide chain layouts are perfect, product lines e and dynasty are double-tracked.
Biadi (002594). Building high-end brands, strategies, parallels, battery business, and new opportunities for collaboration. Companies are expected to collect hundreds of millions of dollars in 19/20, and the company’s advantage in the new energy vehicle sector is expected to continue, with a “buy-in” in place.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report