Performance pressure, profit improvement time: Biadi announced mid-2019 when the company realized $6,218.4 million in 2019, an increase of 14.84 per cent; net return to the mother is $1,455 million.
We believe that the main reason is: (1) the company ' s penetration rate of new energy vehicles.
This rise to 24 per cent compared to last year’s 4pc, the consolidation of the industry’s leadership, and the impact of scale on the company’s operating costs have been less rapid than operating income; (2) the cost rate has declined during the reporting period. The company’s Māori rate for the first half of the year was 17.14 per cent, and the rapid growth in Māori in vehicle operations has significantly increased the net profit growth of the company.
In the first half of the year, the revenue from the new energy vehicle business was $25.45 billion, an increase of 38.8 per cent, or 40.9 per cent, compared to the total, and the volume of the cars increased by 94.5 per cent.
One, 26.1 million and 24.2 million, with the top five sales of domestic new energy vehicles.The downside pressure of the government subsidy, which is still in place for the long term, will continue to improve corporate profitability through long-term upgrades, benefiting from strong corporate branding and product power.
We still have a long-term perspective on the company’s future, with the boosted market share.
We maintain a “buy-in” rating based on the precautionary principle. Biadey: New Product Week.
This is the first time that a new energy vehicle has been sold in the country as much as expected, new energy vehicles as expected, and companies’ new models as expected.
The company's sales team, Xu Jialine.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.