Biadi (002594); Subsidy for winding down employment, performance pressure, rising share of new energy vehicles, Biadi.
The company is a new-energy car, a battery tap. It's mainly a summary: 62.2 billion yuan in Biadi in the first half of 2019, an increase of 14.84 per cent in the same year; and the maternal component includes traditional fuel cars and new energy vehicles.
Automobile operations, cellular parts and assembly operations, secondary charging, net profit of $1.46 billion, a significant increase of 203.6 per cent over the same year, net profit from deductions from the parent, a significant increase over the same period, battery and photovoltaic operations, and cross-single-track "cloud tracks"
The company ' s Māori rate for the first half of 2019 was 17.14 per cent, an increase of 1.21 per cent over the same period; net profit products actively expanded the urban orbital area of transport operations; sales were burdened by the coldness of the city, and corporate pressure and opportunities coexisted. The company ' s new energy vehicle sales in July were 1.66 per cent.
The decline in sales, coupled with the fall in subsidies for new energy vehicles, is expected. We believe that companies, as industry leaders, have the capacity to cope with the fall in subsidies through bulk production and upstream cost compression, and that the company’s dynasty and e series have market competition.
The company will be listed in the second half of the year with new energy models like Qinev, Songmaxev, and e2. In addition, the new engine model X, which works with Daimler, changes power cells from phosphorus, iron and lithium acid, to three-dollar batteries, and is expected to do so in the next half of the year.
The breakdown of the vehicles, and the gradual warming of the city, the company's sales in the second half of the year, with 290,000 new energy vehicles projected to be sold throughout the year. The power battery outlet strategy is moving steadily, with a significant head effect.
In addition, the company has entered into a partnership with Toyota, and battery technology has been endorsed by a major international company. Increased subsidy slopes will result in a closer partnership between the mainframe and the battery company, with power cells in the second half of the year.
Liu Yim, the source of the financial prosperity of the East.
1. The sale of new energy by car doubled by $62.2 billion in the first half of 2019, an increase of 14.84 per cent in the same year; the return to mother ' s net profit by $1.46 billion, a significant increase of 203.6 per cent in the same year, and the deduction of non-return to mother ' s net profit by 209.9 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2019, when the structure of the company's new energy vehicle product changed considerably, it became the highest-selling model, accounting for the company's new energy fleet.
For many years, companies have been using a class-a car as the backbone of a new energy vehicle, and Qin and e5 have become the model of a car. We believe that the explosion in Wonev since last year was a positive response to the country’s new energy vehicle subsidies and the accelerated introduction of foreign-owned vehicles.
Pure electric vehicles are more compatible with changes in domestic consumption capacity during the period. Moreover, the size of the company’s vehicle mix has shifted downwards, and the focus has avoided the medium-sized and large-type areas of power in the foreign investment pool, particularly in the area of the power-infused mix.
The 2019 edition of the new energy-car subsidy was officially implemented in July, with an overall downside of about 50%. For many car companies that rely on the new-energy-car subsidy, the downside of the subsidy, which is close to $20,000, means that the price increases will cost some consumers, not raise the price, or lose all profits.
By the way, Biadei used a counter-market expansion strategy. In the first half of 2019, the company purchased $11.7 billion in fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets to pay cash, a 41% increase over the same period.
In the second half of the year, Biadi is expected to continue with more derivative models of e2 and Tang and Song. The East is a source of financial intelligence.
Figure 6: Biadi's market share for pure electric motors and cars and figure 7: Biadi's market share for power plugs and cars and external cooperation: Biadi's successive pursuits with Toyota, Chang An and Hua are moving in a number of areas, such as autopilots, batteries and mobile phones
The future power cell outlet, while changing the market pattern of the power cell, may significantly increase the profitability of the company. 4. Profit forecasting and valuations expect companies to sell 288,000 new energy vehicles in 2019, an increase of 27% from the same year.
(mainly Song), ao level pure electric suv (mainly Won), ao level pure electric sedans and b level plug-in suv (primarily Tang) are covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating.
(b) The price of raw materials has risen dramatically.
Biyadi (002594). Subsidization slopes lead to performance pressure, and the share of new energy vehicles rises.
Liu Qinghua University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Biadi (002594): Subsidized slopes lead to performance pressure, and the increase in the share of new energy vehicles does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.