The advantage of the new energy car, the q3 subsidy, the downside profit, was reported in the semi-annual review in 2019.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which generated 62,184 million yuan in operating income in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase, a year-on-year reverse growth, a year-on-year fall in the q3 profit margin, and a year-on-year negative growth in the company's performance, with q2 achieving a gross operating income of 31,880 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
This represents an increase of 8.39 per cent, resulting in a net profit of $705 million to the mother, representing an increase of 87.12 per cent in the same year.
Lower. The fall of the new energy car subsidy in the second half of the year, demand overdrafting, has led to significant improvements in corporate q3 profit rates, good cost controls, 15.34 per cent sales, an increase of 0.44 pct over the same period last year.
The income structure (2019h1) is mainly derived from the recovery of the Māori rate in the automobile business, which rose to 5.89 pct, while the Māori rate in the mobile phone business decreased by 3.81 pct in the same year.
The market for new energy vehicles has risen rapidly, and new models have improved the product lines. In the first half of the year, the company sold 22,81 million vehicles, an increase of 1.59 per cent over the same period, which is much better than the industry; of these, 1,457,000 vehicles sold, an increase of 94.50 per cent over the same period, market ownership.
During the first half of the year, the new generation of Donev, the new Songmax plug-in hybrid power plant, the new S.A.V.V., and the new models e1 and s2 were launched, and in July, the first five A+ Class Suv Songpros were launched, and the next six months will be followed by e2, e3 and the new Qinev.
To consolidate the competitive advantage in the area of new energy vehicles, automobile sales fall short of the expected risks: the risks of changes in industrial policy, etc.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.