The number of cars and parts of cars that can be used for consumption is high in the middle of the year, and the amount of power available for power out of batteries will increase in the future.
Of these, 26.6 million vehicles were sold in June, an increase of 55.50 per cent in the same year and a cumulative increase of 94.50 per cent in the first six months of the year, or a cumulative increase of 94.50 per cent in the same year, and a total of 1.283gwh in June for motor and storage batteries.
The new energy car has gone up. The new Dynasty +e network has become a new growth point. In June, the company sold 26.6 million new vehicles, of which 18.9 million were sold in pure electric vehicles, an increase of 146.43 per cent over the same period, 23.20 per cent over the ring, an increase of 3,500 over the previous month, before falling back.
In addition, the company has launched the new All-Song family member, Songpro, to expand and expand it.
The completion of the line of products of the Dynasty series has given new impetus to the Dynasty series, and it is hoped that the new energy vehicle of King Biadi (002594) will be strengthened, with its superior position and good reputations in a more divided market in both the Dynasty and the e series.
The Dynasty +e Network guarantees future growth - 2019/06/11 outside the battery to open up a new situation and allow production to break through.
Biyadi (002594) " Building high-end brands, strategies, sheep, good slogans won by self-supplied batteries in their own new energy cars, active exploration and reinvestment " - 2018/05/29
In 2018, Biade and Chang-Ann set up a power cell.
In addition, the number of company power cells and storage batteries under construction in Chongqing and Xian is 1.283gwh, and the total number of reloading units in the first six months of the first half of the year is 8.186gwh, which has been in high capacity and will climb up in the future.
Increased production capacity and fast-growing domestic and foreign operations are expected to increase the company ' s battery business, with more new energy vehicle shufflings and stronger power to help focus on the fence. In the official period of the new energy vehicle subsidy, the silver medal will fall off the slope, and the market will be facing a new round of shuffling, with major manufacturers paying for their own money.
The price has not increased, and the brand’s own hard-power test is bound to be exacerbated. The company’s long-term ploughing of new energy vehicles, a leading business in this field, has been at the top of the market in the first half of the year and has developed and produced the capacity to produce three core electricity products, namely, mature and reliable batteries, electric power machines, and electrical controls.
Supported by sound and well-developed industrial chain layout and good quality and branded whole-of-the-art products, together with the benefits of a two-part policy, companies are expected to emerge from the new energy vehicle sector, where competition is increasing.
In 19/20, the company is expected to collect hundreds of millions of dollars, and the company’s advantage in the new energy vehicle is expected to continue and be “buyed” in the future.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report