Toyota announced that it would work with Toyota on the joint development of electric vehicles, and that it would jointly develop a pure electric model for cars and low-floor diskssuv, using Toyota brands, scheduled to be launched by 2025.
Put the power cells on the market in China; we will also work together to develop the power cells needed for the aforementioned models. (2019.7.19) Cooperation in the development of a pure electric model for Toyota is expected to achieve mutual benefit and win-win results.
In the recent toyota electric process, 10 pure electric vehicles are planned to be launched from 2020, six of which will be built on the e-tnga architecture; in 2025, the global volume of new energy vehicles reached 5.5 million, including one million electric and fuel cell cars.
The company has been a leader in the new energy automobile industry in the country for many years and has mastered core technologies such as power cells and igbt. Cooperation with Toyota will combine the advantages of the two sides and achieve mutual benefit in the purely electric automobile sector.
According to ggii data, the total number of domestic power cell loads in the first half of the year was approximately 30.01gwh, of which the total number of public drivers was about 7.36gwh, with a market occupancy rate of about 24.5 per cent, mainly internal.
The company has actively promoted power cell outside supply, has expanded its customers such as East Wind and has signed a framework agreement on joint ventures with Chang-Ang on the battery revenue structure (2018) to establish a joint venture to build a battery plant to supply power cells for the long-Ann vehicles.
The company worked with Toyota to develop power cells, showing international recognition of the company’s power cell technology, with power cells available for sustained breakthroughs. New energy vehicle occupancy has increased significantly, and the industry has gained a strong edge.
The company ' s cumulative vehicle sales in January-June were 2281,000, with a cumulative increase of 1.59 per cent over the same period, with sales increasing by only -12.4 per cent and sales at much better prices than in the industry. From the distribution structure, the volume of new vehicles sold was 1,457,000, with a cumulative increase of 94.50 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, companies accounted for 25% of the country’s new energy use, up by nearly four percentage points from the previous year, and the industry’s leader is strong. Car sales are not as risky as expected; industry policy changes are.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.