Company Review  Automotive Industry (002594.sz)
(i) Performance was as expected, with a 20 per cent increase in the share of new energy cars in the first half of the year to 24 per cent. Net cash flows from corporate operations decreased by 41.70 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly as a result of increased cash payments for goods purchased and services received.
(ii) The short-term pressure on the backside of subsidies, the prospect of accelerated industrial integration, which is expected to lead to an increase in the market share. The low sales in the automotive sector in the first half of the year, the friction between trade between the United States and the United States, the six emissions of the five countries, the switch, and the accident in the safety of new energy vehicles have all made it impossible to recreate last year's new year.
In the long run, however, Biadey's cost-control ability and autonomous three power sources are at the forefront of the country and are expected to survive the subsidy retreat relatively smoothly. The subsidy retreat is accelerating the industry.
With the best, the new-energy automobile industry will become more marketable, and the vanguard position of the new-energy car market in Biadi will be further consolidated. (iii) Active expansion of commercial car electricization, e series of serial cars will be available for sale in the second half of the year
During the first half of the year, the company continued to explore the commercial coverage of new energy vehicles, working to promote full market coverage of new energy vehicles. Biyadit’s 10 pure electric-smart mudslides were sold in thousands, bringing new growth points to the group’s commercial vehicle business.
Half-yearly, the delivery of electric buses to the United Kingdom, Norway, Belgium, Spain, Singapore, and Ecuador, among others. In the case of passenger cars, the new dynasty series of pure electric cars began to mount the e platform, which has the advantages of integration, standardization, and scalation, in terms of weighting, energy consumption performance and capacity.
A significant increase in reliability has been accompanied by a significant reduction in production costs and a further consolidation of the competitive model of the product. We expect that, in the short term, sales will remain low in three quarters due to the impact of the fall in subsidies, and that sales will likely rebound in four quarters as new models are put on the market.
(1) The overall growth in the new energy automobile industry is not as fast as expected; (2) the impact of the fall in the new energy vehicle subsidy is higher than expected; and (3) the sales of new models are not as high as expected.