The global cr0, which is a breakthrough in the boundaries of capacity and a gradual manifestation of its size, has become the conglomerate of the research series on medicine.
• Conlon became a public market and the secondary market was rich in the drug code, and as a globally competitive company, it was currently in the process of accelerating the break-off of the capability boundary.
This is based on the fragmentation of the coro industry itself, especially its expansion to the clinical stage (larger market) helps to increase customer stickyness and corporate ceilings, which are key directions for the expansion of drug discovery medicine.
• The accelerated expansion of business, biosciences, cmc/cmo operations, which also form the core of the growth in corporate performance. • The accelerated expansion of the layout from production-dependent operations to large-scale operations (leveraging attributes) becomes an important point of view. 1) Biosciences have been introduced from laboratory chemical operations, reflecting the company’s clientele in the expansion of business layouts.
We believe that the continuity of the bioscience business is strong, and based on the assumption that the number of projects will continue to grow rapidly and that the number of people (capacity) will grow rapidly, we estimate that the biosciences will be in corporate income, Māori as a proportion of the total revenue, and that the Unit will be in comparison with the depth of 300.
Up to 34%, it's expected to be the most resilient drug discovery and research business. 2) cmc/cmo is the key to the scale of the company's business. We believe that this business is different from the company's pre-clinical business (most of the fixed cost is manual, as we discussed in our previous Teg's in-depth medical report).
The linear nature of the theory, the scale of production capacity, is relatively small, and although it is demonstrated through surface flow to business such as biosciences, the expansion of bioscience operations is somewhat dependent on human power, and its fixed-asset investment is larger than human capacity, so we believe that with corporate production,
In the medium-to-long term, business expansion is managed in a way that enhances the company's ceiling.
During the year, the platform’s strengths plus the big molecules’ business profile became more dynamic, creating a globalized pharmaceutical cro company. In this process of continuous expansion, we believe that, in addition to competitive analysis, the process of managing a company’s radius, risk control, or professionalization of its managers is an important consideration affecting the company’s ceiling.
Morepe (56 times in 2019), referring to comparable corporate valuations, found that Conlong had been transformed into a sub-unit with a slightly higher valuation than his peers, taking into account that it was in the accelerated business layout period, with its first coverage, with a “precautiously recommended” rating. Management risks associated with the accelerated business layout, short-term fluctuations in orders, and management challenges arising from the clinical business layout.
I. Conlong has become the laboratory chemical cro pharmaceutical cro, which begins to accelerate the breakthrough of the capacity border, an important link in the global new drug research and development industry, and the expansion from a functional service provider to a comprehensive strategic partner has been a constant effort on the part of companies in this area. Therefore, the development of the global pharmaceutical cro company has evolved.
In the process, we have seen a continuous expansion of companies in the area of service operations, regions, to enhance their business synergies, production competitiveness, etc. In our previous in-depth report on multi-business profitability release, establishing future climate continuity, we have sorted out the lines of production (personnel) and recovery that are embodied in the business expansion process and have combined the work performed by Cro.
Sexual relations, and looking at the predictability of performance. We found that the central judgement of pharmaceutical collusive companies to expand their competitiveness in the service sector, which determines whether a company can grow up on a sustainable basis, comes from two aspects: 1) the company ' s current understanding of the industrial layout stage: 2) the pace at which the company manages the radius or the humanization of its career managers.
Conlong has become the third largest pharmaceutical company in the global market (the drug discovery chain) and has continued to break through the extension of services aimed at upgrading the company to develop the ceiling. According to Conlong's disclosure of the offer, the market shares of the drug Mind and Conlong have been the second and third, respectively, in the global drug discovery and outsourcing of services, even on the basis of the market position of the coro.
Industry itself has been more fragmented, particularly towards the clinical stage (larger market) and the upgrading of customer stickyness and corporate ceilings, which have become the key directions for drug discovery coro extension. Figure 2: Global outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development, 2012-2023e
In short- and medium-term biosciences, cmc operations accelerate expansion, and in the medium and long-term, clinical services, and big-molecular operations expand into longer-term space. This can also be demonstrated in the composition of Conlong's performance, which, as of the first half of 2018, had a “drug discovery and research” income and a Māori ratio of 62.9 per cent and 80.3 per cent, respectively, which is currently the company's leading business;
This is the market position in which we find that there are rapid changes in the structure of our business, especially in the areas of bioscience, cmc (to cmo), safety evaluation, clinical trial services, where firms are undergoing rapid restructuring or layout, which we consider to be a necessary part of the corporate governance challenge to expand the boundaries of their service capacity and to increase the competitiveness of globalization.
From this path, it is also up to us to determine whether we can continue to expand along this path. In order to clarify the path of the company's development, we are doing something about the company's current business layout and the structural changes that are taking place or the focus of our investment – drug discovery and research: laboratory chemical operations are leading to a steady increase in “bioscience” operations over the next few years.
Long is an important indicator of tracking. Based on the disclosure in the collection book, we find that the composition of the pharmaceutical discovery and research business for the period 2015-2018 is changing, with the “bioscience” sub-services rising rapidly in terms of income from the “drug discovery and research” from 17% in 2015 to 24% of the 2018h1, based on the flow of corporate laboratory chemistry.
In our view, this also reflects the shift in demand for integration, with the company’s business layout beginning to take on scale. - Drug development and production: from cmc to cmo, extending services from early to post-clinical. cmc
The business consists mainly of process development and production, stability research, marketing of gmp standards api (materials) and early clinical preparation of drug samples, key intermediates, etc. Conlong is now investing more in Tianjin, Ningbo, the porch (after the Tianjinii period, the operation has been adjusted and the operation has been suspended), and Shashing shows the importance attached to the business, as in the day of 2014.
As the Tianjin II project continues to be operational, we also find that the company’s number of projects and revenues are growing faster. In 2018, we expect Cc’s revenue to be more than 20%, and its income is expected to rise rapidly over the next three years, reaching a later stage in the clinical phase and becoming the company’s largest business. We believe that the business is different from the company’s pre-clinical business.
(Most of the fixed costs are labour, such as the linear relationship discussed in our previous Teg ' s in-depth medical report, and the scale of the production is relatively small, although the expansion of the bioscience business is partly dependent on human resources, through the introduction of business flows such as bioscience), and its fixed assets account for a larger share of investment than human resources.
So, we think that, as the company’s capacity utilization increases, it may become the largest business in the company. From corporate income, the split of Maori, we can also see that in 2015-2018e, bioscience, cmc, was collected at a much faster rate than the company as a whole, and cmc’s revenues, Māori, were increased at a slightly lower rate, mainly because of its capacity in 2018.
The reasons for the restructuring led us to be optimistic about the contribution of subsequent productive release to corporate profits.
The biosciences business is derived from laboratory chemical operations, reflecting the company’s customer stickyness in expanding the organization of its business. Our judgment is that the company as a whole is more competitive in the field of drug discovery, especially in the field of laboratory chemistry, and is at a more mature stage, as can be illustrated by market share data, and this report is therefore more focused on the area of drug discovery.
The sustainability of the fast-growing “bioscience” business. Although the company's description of “bioscience” business is not much in the book, questions were asked through the network of company officials and on-site research (which was also disclosed in the Investors' Bulletin of Activities published by the company 2019.2.28) and it was explained that “bioscience” business was “the company's chemical orientation from the laboratory”.
Because of the size of the chemical business and the fact that these clients began to commission our bioscience business after the completion of the company's process-wide integrated biological science platform, much of the increase in the bioscience business came from the company's laboratory chemical clients, and the accumulation of previous clients was a major reason for our rapid development of the bioscience business, as demonstrated by the fact that the company's scientific business was being developed.
Corporate full-process integration is highly sticky for customers.” - Order: Between 2015 and 2018, corporate bioscience orders increased by 59% compound speed. - Client: From the logic of the flow above, we estimate the core clients of bioscience business and laboratory chemistry business
There may also be significant overlaps with companies such as Aslicon, Johnson, Mercado, Mercerk, etc. (sharebook p. 401). Based on what has been stated above, we believe that the continuity of bioscience business is strong, and based on the assumptions that the number of projects continues to grow rapidly and that the number of people (capacity) is rapidly growing, we estimate that the biosciences are expected to rise rapidly in corporate income as a whole, the Māori share ratio is expected to rise rapidly.
Three, drug development: from cmc to cmo, from early to later clinical stages, a comparison between the whole drug industry and Conlon into cmc operations shows that the Conlon layout is clearly at an early stage, and it is also reflected in the fact that it's very early.
The growth of cro+cmo is often used in the development path of preclinical chemistry, and we believe that it is based on two main considerations: 1) the flow of chemical research, which expands to enhance customer stickyness; 2) the improvement of business models, which increase the scale effect (preclinic laboratory operations are more labour-dependent). We turn Conlong into the current cmc operation.
Compared to the Cmo/cc operations of the drug Mind, it can be found that it is also the drug discovery projects that lead to a certain flow or the accumulation of customer resources that Conlong's business development phase is clearly at a relatively early stage in comparison with the drug Min Conde, and that there is a margin between the human resource reserve, the project reserve, the production capacity building and the whole drug industry of the drug's central subsidiary.
This is, of course, a possible future elasticity for the future. Cmc business, which is a drug discovery guide, is now at a critical stage of expansion of capacity, as a business of a certain size that is key to the success of a company’s expansion from a production-dependent business to a large business.
Most of the projects were concentrated prior to the ii period, with incomes reaching 20% and Māori 9% respectively in the first half of 2018. With the current implementation of the mah system in the country, the company aimed to expand the capacity of cmc to the cmo business of marketed drugs and their raw materials, Ningpo Contebo has now been granted a Pharmaceutical Production Licence, and the following data disclosed in the form of a request for shares have confirmed me.
The expansion of the cmc to cmo is a judgement of future elasticization of Kang Yong into a performance elasticity: by the end of 2017, Tianjin II became operational, with the number of large projects with more than 1 million cmc operating in that year increasing by 81 per cent over the same period. Moreover, in the first half of 2018, the capacity utilization rate of Kang Tianjin was only 53 per cent (in the second half of 2017 Tianjin II).
– In the first half of 2018, Kang Yong converted into “products in stock” by 54.87 per cent more than at the beginning of the year, mainly because Tianjin II became operational in the second half of 2017, and large clients of operations such as z, genetech and other cmc had not completed their products, leaving a balance.
– In the first half of 2018, “other accounts payable” increased by 76% over the year-end 2017, with a significant increase of nearly $85 million in major equipment and engineering, mainly due to a larger increase in equipment and engineering for Ningpo Contebo’s investment. Given its relatively early clinical and security assessment operations, and the relatively limited elasticity of short-term performance contributions, we would also like to see a significant increase in major equipment and engineering costs.
In the future, both directions are based on the continuous layout of the flow of discovery operations. On the basis of the relatively small short-term impact of the period, we do not expect, based on the above analysis, to be able to project the performance of their drug discovery operations as follows: IV. Medium- and long-term, managing the expansion of the radius in business expansion and upgrading the company ceiling.
In comparison with the expansion of the drug’s business, it looks like the business layout. From the development approach of the drug’s transformation, there is a similarity between it and the drug’s business, pharmacology, toxicology, clinical, big molecules, etc., which reflects the whole process of the company, internationalization, Chinese strategy, etc.
Conlon has been transformed into a business extension since its inception: both are clients based on traditional discoveries, capacity advantages, and rich downstream from the point of view of improving client stickyness and competitiveness. These include the current drug Mingconde from cmo to clinical outreach, and Conlong to laboratory chemistry expansion.
In 2007 or so, with external financing, the two began to expand rapidly, and the drug Myung Conde chose to be marketed in the United States, and Conlon turned into an option to introduce Confederate capital, and so forth: (2), but, in the same vein,
The drug Ming Conde is clearly faster than Conlon, which now forms a multi-operational structure of laboratory chemistry, cmo, instrumentation, precision medicine, etc. Conlong's transformation into laboratory chemistry at the core or at the centre of the discovery; 3) differences can also be seen in the comparison of numbers, which vary considerably, despite the difference of only about three years of existence.
Condé's staff, about 17,000, and Condolence's 6,000, amounting to about a third of the drug's drug Mind, also reflect, in our view, the concerns of the two companies in terms of the pace of business expansion, risk control, and we therefore believe that research in the pharmaceutical cro, cmo industry, in addition to competitive analysis, manages the radius or the career manager of the company.
In the early stages of moving from full-productivity dependency to flexible business, Conlon became slightly less profitable than his rivals, with a later elasticity period. From a comparison of the cost composition of the pharmaceutical cod, we found that Conlon was transformed into a drug, a drug, a drug, a drug, a drug.
The presence of a larger business model, such as Cro Business, Tag Medicine, Nosg, and others, shows that they are all dependent on production. This capacity refers mainly to labour, but is compared to the process of expansion of the product ' s operations to cmo, or to pure cmo (Kelain, etc.), which we see in the process of the structure of the industry.
In fact, it is a step-by-step operation with a different cost composition from one operation to another, with later clinical production relying more on fixed assets, reflecting a certain degree of scale in the process of increasing capacity utilization.
Phases of service ownership, accumulation of superior technical skills and customer resources; 2) 2018-2023 (for the next five years), discovery of business guides, placement of clinical operations in cmc, and gradual demonstration of company platform advantages; 3) 2023-2030, platform advantage + mega-molecular business layouts are gradually working to build a globalized pharmaceutical cro company.
V. Profit forecasts and investment proposals 56 times a year, with reference to comparable corporate valuations, it is found that Kang Long has been transformed into a sub-unit with a slightly higher valuation than his peers, taking into account the management risks associated with his accelerated business layout, the short-term volatility risk of orders and the management challenges associated with clinical business layout.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,