The company achieved business income of $22.532 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 1.04 per cent over the same period; it achieved ownership.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 15.47 billion yuan, an increase of 34.96 per cent, and a basic gain of 0.71 yuan per share, an increase of 33.96 per cent. Three quarters, thanks to the deepening structural reforms on the country’s supply side and the impact of environmental constraints, the overall balance of supply and demand of steel and the stability of the steel market.
The price index increased by 4.3 per cent and 2.4 per cent, respectively, over the second quarter; the raw material trend was more stable, with 62 per cent of the P-3 iron ore index and the main coal price of the mountain sorghum being reduced by 3.88 billion yuan in aggregate costs in the first three quarters, exceeding the annual target; the accumulated net cash flow from operating activities was $36.75 billion, corresponding to an increase of 179.9 per cent: the asset liability at the end of the reporting period was 47.6 per cent, a decrease of 2.6 percentage points from the beginning of the year.
In the third quarter of 2018, the trend in downstream demand was polarized, with capital construction, auto dollars/tonne, with a slight decrease from the January-June average price; pipeline products, with an average sales price of $6728/t, with an increase of $576/t over the January-June average price, with an increase of 9.4 per cent in single prices and an increase in the Maori rate of pipeline products; and other product sales, with average prices remaining almost at the first half of the year.
There was a significant increase in operating cash flows. 31.96 billion yuan in cash was due for operating in the 1-3 quarter of 2018; 3.57 billion yuan in cash was reduced in inventory capital occupancy; 8.36 billion yuan in cash was added to the cash flow for operating accounts receivable, and a cumulative net cash flow for operating activities was $36.75 billion, representing an increase of $23.62 billion, or 179.9 per cent, over the same period last year, excluding the impact of financial companies, resulting from net cash flows from corporate operations in the 1-3 quarter of 2018.
Increases in profits and declines in operating revenue projects. Research and development inputs have increased significantly, with a corresponding increase in costs over time. Corporate sales costs in the 1-3 quarter of 2018 amounted to 2,448 million yuan, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year; this was due to increases in companies; and the financial costs of companies amounted to 3,696 million yuan, an increase of 31 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of exchange losses affected by the devaluation of the renminbi.
During the reporting period, high-strength, seamless geological drilling tubes (bgr 950) were launched globally, with a level of resistance of 1,000 mpa: the composite rolling process of the hot-collage line has been applied, with a volume of more than 1,000 tons per batch. Over the last three quarters, 52 smart equipment modification projects have been launched cumulatively; the consolidation of the BMW information has continued according to nodal plan, and the manufacturing management system I has continued.
Initial up-to-date conditions are in place to lay the foundation for efficiency gains in the entire process at the Aoyama base; to move forward in an orderly manner with the optimal configuration of multi-base functional structures, structural changes in the management area, integration synergies and efficiency gains; to increase the labour efficiency of regular staff by 6.2 per cent in the previous three quarters, annual targets Profit forecasts and investment ratings: (1) We see that companies sell on average plate products against the background of downstream demand, such as cars, domestic electricity, etc.
\triangleright maintains stability and is expected to increase in the production of Māori with the promotion of high-power and super-high-power motor panels; (2) the oil and gas recovery continues and the production of piped materials will continue; (3) the country is pushing ahead with ultra-high-voltage transmission projects, with electric steel products with an absolute lead in technology and market ownership, with prices
There are prospects for a sustained increase in the power and profit space; (4) the synergy of the BMW is about to bring about greater efficiency gains, and the profitability of the Tamang Base will continue to be released. Environmentally limited production is not as expected; downstream demand is not as high as expected.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. The top ten (seventh) prizes for the excellent combination of the 2012 China Securities Industry Merit Award. The second name for the 2012 prize. The third place in the real estate industry in the 2014-million-year information year is “seller agency profit forecasts are accurate.” The specific recommendations or ideas for investing in the Sky-Eye Real Estate industry today in 2016 are directly or indirectly relevant.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.