Gravity Electrics (000651.sz)
Gravity appliances are the leading industry in the domestic air-conditioning industry, and many of them rank first in the industry, with companies performing mostly. Consumption upgrades drive the expansion of household air-conditioning in the second-line urban market, the penetration rate in the third- and fourth-line city, and the overall market size and penetration still have a significant scope for upgrading; and high-end machines, such as central air-conditioning, continue to operate.
The ratio increases the structural upgrading of corporate products, and there is scope for sustained growth in profitability: 3. The technological strength of companies, through a long-term build-up of domestic advantages, continuous upgrading of brand power and product structure, will accelerate the replacement of foreign brands, and market share is expected to increase continuously.
There is still room for improvement in the industry, with a clear pattern of competition, and there is still much room for improvement in the domestic air-conditioning market compared to the advanced countries of Europe and the United States.
The demand for replacements is driven by factors such as: 1; high real estate development; low household power; 2 consumption, upgrading and the elimination of old machines; 3 and the continued upgrading of domestic branded air conditioning technologies to upgrade the product structure and gradually raise the market share of the national product plate generated by the replacement of foreign brands.
The domestic air-conditioning industry has a clear pattern of competition, and the power has long dominated, with significant advantages in terms of size, technology, distribution channels, and research and development, and a strong industry.
The company based its air-conditioning business, which has been at the top of domestic sales for 22 years since 1995, and the world’s 12th year since 2005, has a strong leader in the air-conditioning industry. The equipment manufacturing business is an important way forward for the Department, and the company now has a good cash flow for the development of equipment.
In the future, equipment manufacturing will become the company’s second largest industry, and new growth points can be expected.
The housing sector is at a downside risk, the real estate market as a whole is stable, corporate costs are stable, domestic air conditioning per household is gradually approaching the level of developed countries, and corporate technological advantages are long-term.
Unlike the general public's perception that the air-conditioning industry is in the middle of the season and that the industry as a whole is at its peak, we believe that the size of the second-line city is still high, and that air-conditioning in the third-line urban and rural areas can be upgraded for a period of time, with companies as industries.
The market is generally characterized by relatively high prices for corporate air conditioning and a decline in profitability as a result of falling prices in the future, and we believe that gravity appliances are gradually optimizing the product structure, the product structure is breaking upwards, there is still room for improvement in profitability, and that the long-term profitability will increase with a combination of the company’s huge production scale, the integration of the industrial chain and the ability to sell channels.
1. Market space availability: the demand for air-conditioning was at an all-time high in 2017, domestic air-conditioning was growing steadily, commercial central air-conditioning was continuously affected by real estate, was able to sustain growth, and domestic air-conditioning benefited from price and national alternative factors, and demand was rising. On the export side, economic recovery in Europe and the United States was taking place, with room for expansion in overseas markets.
Competitiveness has great advantages: GAC technology is leading, the industrial chain is integrated, it has huge scale effects, companies have sub-line access advantages and strong brand premium capabilities.3 Corporate valuations are undervalued: GEM revenues are close to gold and grow better, in historical valuations.
The company’s valuation is still in place and the valuation can be repaired over time.
I. Corporate profile: Lead company in the air-conditioning industry (i) Deep Farming industry, leading company in the domestic air-conditioning industry for nearly three decades.
Glycerines are built around the world at 11 large air-space production bases, including Pearl Sea, Chongqing, Ally, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Ishijia, Luang Lake, Changsha, Hangzhou, Brazil, Pakistan, and five major renewable resource bases such as Changsha, Chengzhou, Ishijia, Yuk, Tianjin, etc.
The company was founded in 1991 in Chuhai, Guangdong, formerly the crown magma factory and the Heili air conditioning plant, and its first director, Jujiang.
Hung. The company began to develop a crude production line of 20,000 window air conditioners per year, after a high-speed period, after which four years of production and sales reached the highest level in the country, becoming the lead company in the domestic air conditioner industry.
According to industrial online data, the sale of G-air-conditioning products has been the first in China for 23 consecutive years since 1995 and the world for 13 consecutive years since 2005. Moreover, according to the H-AC Information Circular, the G-ca-conditioning domestic market has been the first in six consecutive years.
The controlling shareholder of the company is the Joo Hagrid Group and the major shareholder is the Chuhai City State Finance Committee, whose share in the company ' s share is increasingly divided, from 70% at the beginning of the market to 18% in 2018, and is still the first shareholder. The second largest shareholder of the company is the Beijing Sea Guarantee Investment Company Ltd., which holds 8.91% of the shareholders.
(ii) Financial indicators continue to be favourable, companies are operating well, their sales have been expanding in recent years, their operations are operating well, and their market share has been increasing steadily.
Operating income of RMB 150.2 billion, an increase of 36.2 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of RMB 22.4 billion, an increase of 44.9 per cent over the same year; combined growth of RMB of 19.8 per cent, a strong growth trend.
Higher rates, larger share, and higher market ownership. Corporate finance, sales, and management rates have generally tended to decline in recent years, with companies having a strong cost control capacity and a profit-making potential. (iii) Focusing on air conditioning, with high R & D investment.
The company's main product is currently air conditioners of various types, including domestic air conditioners and central air conditioners, with different levels of product coverage. The company has a higher level of technology in air conditioners, a higher level of automation of production equipment, and a higher level of product reliability.
The company has always focused on the development and creation of new products and technologies. In 2017, the company invested $5,767 million in research and development, representing 3.89 per cent of operating income. In recent years, the share of investment in operating income has remained constant at over 3 per cent.
China’s economic situation, driven by supply-side reforms and rising consumption, has been improving, with a shift in demand, while the heat of the real estate market and its continuing effects have stimulated rapid growth in the domestic air-conditioning market for more than a year. According to industry online data, the country produced 143.5 million air-conditioning units in mid-2017, an increase of 28.7% in the same year;
In the long run, there is still much room for improvement in the air-conditioning market. The domestic market, as consumer consumption accelerates, imposes higher demands on brand recognition, product quality, and energy efficiency, health, comfort, and intelligence on air-conditioning.
As a result of the new urbanization process, the expansion of household power has accelerated in the third and fourth tiers of the market. On external sales, the global economic recovery has provided a sustained boost to the growth of air-conditioning markets, and the “one-way” strategy has created an excellent opportunity for Chinese firms to “go out.”
In 2018, the continuing effects of the real estate market will continue to increase the end demand in the air-conditioning sector. Meanwhile, with the rising consumption costs, people are constantly seeking more and more comfortable living space, and the multi-site and multi-area applications of air-conditioning provide a vast space for the air-conditioning market.
It provides a huge market for air heat pumps. Moreover, the demand for old product replacements is rising year by year as measured by the 10-year replacement cycle of air conditioning. (i) Domestic air conditioning: the market is growing rapidly.
The domestic air-conditioning sector is still rising. This includes nearly 10 cold 10-year composite growth rates of 13.0% in such volatile years as 2009, 2012 and 2016.
According to the data, the air-conditioning market has considerable growth space. In 2017, the average household air-conditioning capacity was 128.6 units per cent in our towns and 52.6 units per cent in rural households. Japan, a neighbour with similar living habits, had 284 units per cent of air-conditioning in 2015, and our current urban air-conditioning holdings were only in the last century.
From 1990 to 2000, Japan increased its AC holdings from 100/100 to 200/100. GLIF has been the world’s largest market share for many years. Japan’s economic news has been compiled and published.
The World Market Share Survey of Major Goods and Services 2017, in the area of home-based air conditioning, China’s share of the market has always been a huge advantage, covering the top three. Gpower appliances are ranked first in terms of their share of 21.90%, surpassing the second seven percentage points.
(ii) Central air-conditioning: in the first half of 2018, China ' s central air-conditioning market capacity continued to grow, but at a slower rate. According to 100 million yuan, the same rate was 16.0 per cent; in 2017, China ' s central air-conditioning sector market was 87,660 million yuan, of which sales were made.
The central air-conditioning market accounts for about a quarter of the total air-conditioning industry. The central air-conditioning industry and the domestic air-conditioning industry are similar, and the domestic air-conditioning industry is characterized by higher and less volatility than the central air-conditioning sector.
Home improvement markets are the main driving force behind the growth of the central open air-conditioning market, where the central air-conditioning market is multi-connected and includes units and a small number of household water units. With many online renovations being more efficient and saving space, the market for home-up is growing rapidly.
Since 2012, when it first broke the dominant pattern of foreign brands, the central air-conditioning market in the country has been firmly established. According to the Central Air-conditioning Industry Development Report for the first half of 2018, the central air-conditioning industry continues to dominate the country at 17.0% of its market share, compared to the year of 2017.
15.4% market share, with an increase of 1.61 percentage points in the lead. In retail market-related products, the market share of the unit is 38.0%, with a strong lead.
(i) Advanced technological skills, and technology-friendly and advanced companies adhere to an autonomous science and technology innovation strategy. There are currently one each in the National Priority Laboratory and the National Centre for Research in Energy-efficient and Environmental-friendly Refrigeration and Refrigeration: the National Centre for Industrial Design, the National Centre for Establishment Technology, and the National Communication
In the first half of 2018, the GPU ranked seventh in the top 10 domestic firms with 787 patents, the only one to enter the top ten. According to the Chinese Patent Protection Association, in the first half of 2018, the world of intellectual property was the highest in 2017.
An influential innovation body, the list shows that the power is fifth, and the power industry is first, highlighting the firm's strong research, which is based on consumer demand and pursues extremely ambitious and thin-haired research and development. Companies have accumulated more than 35,000 patents for technology, of which more than 15,000 have been patented and 4182 have been patented in 2017.
Authorizing the invention of 1273 patents and the creation of patent authorizations in the seventh place in the country. The company has 19 “international leaders” in core technologies, of which “research and application of distributed winding technologies on heat pump air conditioning” was added in 2017, “efficient multi-connectivity based on large-scale volume switch compressor technologies”, “can+ communications technology research and applications for multi-line” and “golds”
The company has accumulated 17 national, provincial, and industry awards. In 2017, “Air-source heat pump air conditioning key technologies and applications” was awarded the Guangdong Province Science and Technology Progress Award 1 and “Three cylinders of transformational volume research and application”
The Chinese Institute of Refrigeration was awarded the “Principal Award for Science and Technology” and the “Scientific Research and Applications on Critical Technology for Air Source Heating” was awarded the “First Prize for Science and Technology of the China Light Industry Federation” and the “Foundation of the Exploration and Practice of Autonomous Innovative Development Models” was awarded the “First Award for Excellence in Business Reform and Development” by the China Enterprise Reform and Development Research Association.
In recent years, as energy-saving environmental policies and the trend towards cost escalation and product intelligence have become apparent, the proportion of variable-frequency air conditioning in the product structure of the company has increased significantly, leading to a significant increase in the demand for air-conditioning chips. The chip requirements of the company are now mainly based on imports, with dozens of chips imported in 2017.
In order to further improve the company’s overall competitiveness, its voice in the air conditioning industry and its cost-control capabilities, the company has in recent years developed its own technology for the design of air conditioning chips.
(ii) The complete industrial chain gives companies a manufacturing advantage. The company has the largest global air conditioner production scale and well-developed industrial chain gravity appliances with 11 major production bases, such as Chuhai, Chongqing, Hoon Yu, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Shijiang, Shijia, Shoko, Changsha, Hangzhou, Brazil, Pakistan, etc.
The production scale is the highest in the world, with well-developed accompanied capabilities and industry's most complete industrial chain, which effectively ensures the autonomous production and supply of key air conditioning components. Glycerine has so far developed products that include 20 major categories of domestic air conditioning, 400 series of commercial air conditioning, and more than 12,700 varieties of specifications, and complete product lines that meet the needs of the industry.
While having the largest global production scale and a full range of production lines, companies have further access to upstream and downstream industrial supply chains, including products such as compressors, electric machines, capacitors, paint wrappers, and so on, greatly enhancing corporate control over upstream and downstream supply chains.
GLAC sales are consistently ahead of the year, and industry leaders are strong, with a certain size advantage over the rest of the country, a combination of industrial chain integration and leading technology, and a clear cost-side advantage for companies in the industry.
The company ' s profitability is relatively stable.
(iii) Sales channels incentivize the best-powered electronics to clean up the marketing environment through institutional changes, create diversified return policies to safeguard the interests of dealers, and form a unique system of regional sales firms with the authorization of their headquarters and the ownership of their dealers, in order to “consolidate”
One channel, one network, one market, one service, one service, to find ways to build and manage their own marketing channels, and to put them into practice on a consistent basis, to enhance the viability of enterprises and to give them a better and faster system of distributors and special stores, which have established the advantages of a powered off-line marketing network.
There are 27 regional sales companies and 30,000 specialized stores. As the second-largest shareholder of the Geiger, the Kyoto Sea has achieved a strong binding of the interests of distributors and electronics, providing the best incentive for the power channels. (iii) The brand premium is higher and the market recognition is ahead.
In 2012, there was a remarkable increase in the value of the Geiger brand premium. Company branding was excellent, and client satisfaction was number one, with the power of the top ten brands in the cnpp2018 electricity industry and sub-sectors.
Reference is made to the level of valuation of leading firms in the home power industry, where the electric power is a low-value household, and where, compared to their counterparts, the electric power tap is strong, with a high red rate, and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
We expect business revenues in 2018, 2019, 2020 to be $186.3 billion, $233.5 billion, $282.6 billion for domestic air-conditioning market fluctuations, downside risks in the real estate industry, and a total of 10 million dollars for the economy.
Cao Weidong, Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University. Joined the China People ' s University in 1997 and received the first qualification to practise securities consulting.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.