Glycerines [000651.ch] The domestic air conditioning industry's pole company Glyceries are China's leading air conditioner manufacturers, with a share of about 40% in the domestic market.
Large brands, good customer loyalty and high quality have a clear premium on the price of their products. Gravity has benefited from the recent strong domestic demand for air conditioning; however, the fact that companies have a single product and target market and lack a clear profit growth driver, coupled with the absence of a coherent growth strategy, means that
Corporate valuations will continue to be more favourable than peers. (First coverage) Air conditioning: more competitive. Air conditioning accounts for more than 80% of power sales and 90% of Māori.
The annual demand for air conditioning will remain strong, with 33% increase in sales in the first quarter of the year, while installation in April/May will accelerate. While there is a premium on the power of air conditioning products, other manufacturers are pushing out more high-end models or encroaching on their market share.
Diversifying strategies have not succeeded significantly. Gretchen has tried to diversify its operations, develop smartphones, electric buses, and small-scale electricity, and develop export markets without major success. This means that companies remain single-product and single-market companies.
The company has no coherent policy. After the Galli announced a moratorium on the release of 2017 dividends to keep money for intelligent production, integrated circuits, and so on, its stock prices fell sharply. Although it may be able to return to distribution after mid-term performance, the market remains concerned about the volatility of its policies.
We expect that there will be no change in management style in order to be able to re-elect the President for three more years, and that the cash position will be defensive. Net cash strength will be 85 billion yuan (32% of the market value). We expect that part of the cash flow will be distributed over the next 18 months in the form of stock buybacks.
In addition, companies hold foreign exchange of about $700 million, so they either benefit from the people’s profitable growth, with low valuations or lead to stock prices winning expectations when they are weak. However, given the highly cyclical nature of their operations and their dependence on a single product category, coupled with a lack of clarity about growth strategies,
Sex, we think Grigori will be more generous than Hale and America's equivalents. We gave the company 2019: company, Bloomberg Jeffdorr-analyst.
Zhang Kai - Analyst, Mr. Cheung - Director of Research
Queenofac's greenistheledairconjufacturerinchina, withadomesticmarket shareof -40%.itsproductscompandedinditivepricepremdueto
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
(intention) investmenthighlights airconventioning: encroaching company.airconventionsaccountfor
close: rmb43.18 (july 4, 2018) over 80%ofgree'sssalesand 90%ofitstrossprofit.acdemandis expectedtoremainstrongthisyear, with acsalesincreasing 33% yoyin
q1 andinstallation sacceleratinginapril/may.wholegree'sacproductssell targetprice: rmb48 (+11%) atapremium, othermanufacturesareindroudingmoreh-endmodels
I don't know what you're talking about, whichmayencroachongree'sturf.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, you're going to have to do it, but you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
Inventorporatepolicy.gree'ssharepriceplummedwenit announceditwouldsuspends2017dividendtodiversifyintonnewfields suchassmarkmanufacturing, intregratecircuits, and those.wholegreewill
You know, likelyresumedividendpayments following interimforestments, themarket remainsconcernedovergree'swaveringpolicy.
I'm sorry, maretcap, we're $39,171 m changement style.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I've just...
Freefloat inaddition, the companyalsoholdsaround~usd7bninforex, andmaybenefitfrombormbdepciation.
3mavgdailyt/o: fairvalationinlightofnyear-timearningsgroveth.greeistracking group (18.2%)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
jefdorr-analyst peershaierandmidea.wevaluethecompanyon 9.5x2019eearnings, anzhang-analyst
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Note: *greefiguresedoncisforecast whileelegree'searingsgrovethcanremainstrongin2018 duotootweatotherandstrongacdemand, this periodofabovetrendearningsgrothmayenotseyond2018.weprefermanufactureswitha
I've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do, and we've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Freepeband mideapeband sources: bloomberg, cgisresearch ♪
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Inventing the Hongkongstockconnecessivevevendanetrlning2bningree, closinglyfollowing thenetrm3.6bninvestedindida.sources:hkex, cgisresearch
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like you've got a problem with me, but you've got a problem with me, and you've got a problem with me.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
2017 Wasaboomyearforchina's andarketoutweather, lowchannelinventory, anda recovering progressivemarketlowing 2015lows. involumements, china'sdomesticaccumretgrew 47% yoyto~89mnits.intheexportmarkket, acsalesgrew~10%to ~53mnunits.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again, and you're going to have to do it again.
20% yoy. haieracrevenuegrew~2018q1, withgrothaceleratinginaprilandmayand
Installation trading forfulyear 2018, weexpectree' sacsegmenttogrove ~20% yoy.ourestimatesaremore consultationservivemanagementguidance, which placelesgrovethfor2018at33%.
I'm sorry, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm not going to be able to do that, and I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Pricedrm1-1,500hherthan thetopsellersformediaandhaierontmall, gome,andsonning's online: note: *underpromotion
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it, but I'm thinking about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, margins.othermanfacturers, however, areintroddingmoreh-endmodels, whichmayweaken gree'surrentposition.
At the end of the day, I've been working on a number of topics, including the following: newairpurifieldscasescasarteyunddandtianxi.accordingtocmdata, haierincreasmetshareinthermb4,100+pricementby 6.8 percentagepoints, realising 10.5 per cent in 2017.forrerediialiacunitspricedadaboverm8,000, haierinreasmetsmarketsharefrom 12.4 per cent to 22.9 per cent.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The projects willbepricatorabovehaier'sexistihigh-endproducts, casarte.ingeral, midealis specificattingplatonarrowitspricinggapwithgreeinairconventionsectionsmentment.
I mean, hetorily, mideahaslaggledgreeinpricingby 700-800 inaspforacompalablemodel, mideahas rmb.thiswillputpricingpressuree's productionoffering, industrialization.
The company's internationalswereswereonlyrmb18.5bn(or 12%ofrevenue), wichesmallcompaltedtomidea's
I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's aircontracting, otherlargeappliance (i.e. Waterheater, Washingmachine), martphone, and ultimate productions.tosotiserreservedfree'smallapplicationsbusiness.
I don't know what you're talking about, but 11% sales, 3% of Gross profitit: gree'ssecondlargestsoursources
Inshijiazhuang, zhengzhou, tianjin, woohu, andchangsha.accordingtoa 2013whitepaper, approximamately 100millionelicecticapplicabilityswerediscardedannuallyinchinina–including telecommunications, refrigeratores, washingmachines, adirconventions. Grossmarkinsinthisbiness.
It's not like we're going to be in the middle of this, but we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something, and we're going to be in the middle of something.
I don't know what you're talking about, guys. smallapplicances (2% sales, 1% ofgrosprofit): greenhasattedtogaintrainingin the smallapplicancesmarketwithitstosotbrand, whichmanfulsfans, pressurizedbooks, water
Purifiers, Airpurifiers, Indication Cookers, Dehumidifiers, and otherkitchenapplicances.although free'smallappliancebusisrowing, withyettamakeasignifitimpactonthe company'sfinancialacounts, procurement~2%ofsales.in 2010, g'reesmallapplicancesales
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, and hier. whilechinaasrecentlybeenexperienstrongdemandforacthysyer, green'sreliance on asinglemarketmakes the company's company'searingsinherentlymorevolatilethanspeers.
60% above's international appliances areromlowmarginoemand odmproducts.hence, gle's Grossasmarginasarresignificanthigherinlandchina, whereallsales
I'm sorry, areundentsownbrands, than the internationalmarkets.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1. failedyinlongacquisition: onmarch5, 2016, greenproposedtoacquire 100%ofyinlongnew emergybyissuesuing 1.5bnsharesat 15.57pershare (worthrm13bn), andplannedtoraiseneot morethanrm9.7bnbyissuisingnon-publicsupportfunds.however, basedongre'sbalance
Sheetthetime, greenhad ~80bninnetcash, seemingmorethansufficienttoacquireinlong withoutmissingnewshares.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Incomparaison, hershareholdingreeftodayis0.7% (worth~rmb2bn).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
♪ noapparentupsidecorrategety waveringdividendpolicy greenesbeenconsidereddividendlaybythemarketonaccountofitslowerofofhighpayout ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
30brentcompany'smarketcaptatday. the shenzhenstockexchhangesentalettetrofconcern toreoverthesuddenchangeinpolicy.
The company hasremedieds positiononthedividendcut, and isnowindingthatataninterimpaymentwillbemamedlowinginterimresources.
The company'slongermgrovestrategyand wheretheimplanstoinvestash.greehasdiscussed potentiainvestingsentimiconfedadesign, martmanufacturingequipment, meetings
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
218, her 3rd secretivetermwasupforre-action.themay31stdeadlinepassednews, until greennouncedonjune6, 2018tdongmingzhu'sre-electionwouldbothpodponedtotheannual shareholdersmeetingonjune25, 2018.
months, greenhas: 1.) Brokenits 11yeartrackrecordofpayingcontinousdividends, whilefailingtoformshareholders wherefundswillbespent;
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, and providesgrethepredrypowdergrowingsviaquits.bumperdividends alreadysuspeditsdivividedin2018q1,weanticipatethecompanywillresumepaying
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it, and we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
90% of the total number of Internet users is 90% of the total number of Internet users.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, tocompetators, greenismorerelianthisopaquechannelforsales.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who can't do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, greeehasostponed thedecisiontwicesincemay31, 2018withoutresolation.commodityprices ravmaticprices ~85%ofcogs.inyearswhatimportantmmoditypricessuchas
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Free'sbalanceassubstantiassiusdexposure. Asof2017yearend, greenheldusd ~6.9bnin cash and equivalents againstustud ~1.5bnindebt, giving the companyheavyusdexposure. rmb applicationwouldlekelyresourcesinforexlos.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
Integrater&d, manufacturing, marketingandservation.establishedbyzhuhongboinzhui, guangdongin 1991, greestartasanamelesfactorywith 200employeesandandannandanductionof less than 20,000units.
36, doongmingzhusingreethroughpeaksandtroughsbeforecomingzhongbo's accessorin2012, andhastransformedgleintooneofthelargeairconditioners
Internationally, recording ~rm 150bnrevenuein 2017.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Hebeitinghaihassharedrehofgréeclectricic.hebeijinghaiisajoventureof10scompaniesinchongging,henan,hebei,heandongand.
Anotherrregions.in 2007, these10scompaniescomprehenstedanested 65% ofgleeclectric'stotal chairwomendongmingzhuhasbenservingaschairmanofgreelectricsince 2012.asofmay 31, 2018, herthirdconfestivetermwasupforforre-election.onjune6, 2018, greenannouncedthat
However, following theshareholdmeering, decisionhasnotstiltstellbeencommunizedtoothomaret.sources: copanyannualreport, bloomberg, cgisresearch
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, because you're going to have to do it, because you're going to have to do it, because you're going to have to do it.
In "othercruntliabilities" onthebalancesheet, which happenedoverrm60bninq12018. wehighlightthethsellingexpensensrangedfrom15-20% lfsalesfrom 2013-2016before decliningto 11%ofsalesin2017.assuch, anincreaseinsellexpensesviarebatesrematesremains
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We don't have sex with the locals, but it's about 85% of the total, and it's about 2018, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 80% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 50% of the total, and it's about 100% of the total, and it's about 32-36% of the 2013-2017. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Inventoryincreasedsteplyin2017, buttheamountremainedbelowtreemonths'worldhof
I don't know what you're talking about.
)othercurrentassets, whichincreasedbyrm8bnin2017, aremostlywealthmanage andstructuredproducts.
From 2013to 2017, greenpaid 42-70%ofitsnetincomeoutasdividends.althoughgree
If you don't like it, you'll have to do it again.
) in 2017, grewived ~rm51bnfixedtermdepositsandwealthmanageproducts with amaturityofgradofreaterthan 3monthsanddisclosedtheseinvestsinthecastflow state.
In 2017, greenspant ~rbnofcashoninvestmentsproducts.Webelievemostothisspenspentto'othercurrentasses"whoismostlycompprisistofwmpsanotherstructured
4. Greenhasthreenappliancefactoriesundercomplutioninhanghou, Nanjing,andluoyang,andisalsortemplatingacquitions, both internationalally andmodestally.wehaveincluresfor2018and2019forthecompletionofthesefactories,butavenotbuiltin
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
The study is not directed at or intended to be issued or used by any person or citizen or entity within or outside the jurisdiction of certain jurisdictions, but it distributes, issues, offers or makes use of such jurisdictions that would be contrary to applicable local laws or regulations or would result in the registration or licensing of China's Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“Galactic International Securities”) and/or its group members within that jurisdiction.
Accuracy, correctness or completeness makes a statement or assurance (express or implied). This report should not be regarded as an offer, invitation or solicitation to purchase or sell securities quoted in any document. The past performance should not be regarded as an instruction or assurance of future performance, and the absence of a statement or assurance, express or implied, is made for the purpose of future performance.
The information, observations and projections in any part of the report reflect only the individual opinions and opinions of the analysts responsible for preparing the present report, which do not necessarily correspond to the investment decisions of Galactic International Finance Holdings Ltd. of China and its affiliated companies (“Galactic International of China”), directors, administrators, agents and employees (“associated persons”).