万华化学(600309.CH): 五月月报
Wanhua Chemical Group: Monthly
Report in May
2024年6月5日
• 一、公司5月动态更新
· 二、MDI板块更新
• 三、石化板块更新
• 四、其他板块
一、5月行业重要新闻
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
-、5月公司主营产品价格概览
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
研发费用&资本开支
公司研发费用和资本开支逐年上涨,公司 2023 年全年研发投入 40.81 亿元,主要围绕领先业务
继续扩大优势、持续突破化工新材料及解决方案、布局电池业务等方向展开。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
一、2024年研发费用&资本开支
2024年主要项目计划投资421.4亿元。重点建设120万吨/年乙烯及下游高
端聚烯烃项目和万华新材料低碳产业园一、二期项目，全年石化产业链项
目计划投资149.1亿元;加快自主研发的间苯二甲胺、营养品等一系列高
附加值产品的工业化建设,全年精细化学品项目计划投资44.5亿元,高性
能材料及配套项目计划投资20.1亿元;为打造公司第二增长曲线,加快六
氟磷酸锂等一系列电池材料、电子材料等项目建设，全年新兴材料项目计
划投资41.8亿元。
2024年一季度研发费用10.27亿元,占营业收入的比例2.22%。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
员工人数&人员构成
基于公司的行业地位和实力，持续发挥头部企业优势，深耕校企互动与合作，2023 年全年招聘入职
5000 多人。2023年，公司研发人员共有4079人，占公司员工总数的14.04%，其中博士研究生159人、硕
士研究生1655人,公司不断激发人才潜力,完善人才培养体系,为公司持续发展助力。
2015-2023年公司员工总数及研发人员占比变动情况
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
分红政策
公司自上市以来，每年对全体股东派发现金红利，截止目前，累计向股东进行现金分红
412.73亿元, 为累计融资额29.51亿元的14倍;
未来三年内，公司将坚持以现金分红为主，保持利润分配政策的连续性和稳定性，在足额提
取法定公积金、任意公积金后，每年以现金方式分配的利润不低于当年实现的可分配利润的
30%。
图 2015-2023年公司分红比例变动情况
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
一、海外竞争对手5月公告梳理
竞争对手公告梳理
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
一、未来规划和展望
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
一、公司未来展望
蓬莱一期的90万吨/年PDH装置以及烟台120万吨/年的乙烯装置正在建设中，乙烯、丙烯及
下游高端聚烯烃项目将不断拓宽产业链条,实现产业链联动和价值链协同;
2024年,公司管理主题为“数智化年”,围绕高质量发展的目标,提升卓越运营能力,实
现生产方式向高端化、智能化、绿色化发展。通过持续的业务变革和数智化建设，利用数
据和 AI 赋能业务，进一步提升内部运营和外部协同效率;
将电池材料业务作为第二增长曲线，布局了正极、负极、电解液全系列产品，建立了电池
材料生态圈。三大电池负极材料快速推进,电池化学品持续工艺创新;
持续扩展对外合作领域，在新能源、电子材料、生物合成、电化学、新兴材 料和数智化等
基础创新领域，发挥高校的基础研究与原始创新，以及公司在应用研究、 工程放大与产业
转化方面的优势，推动技术的变革，促进科技成果的转化。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
• 一、公司5月动态更新
· 二、MDI板块更新
• 三、石化板块更新
• 四、其他板块
二、MDI行业信息及价格价差
5月,国内聚合MDI市场先涨后稳,整体呈现上扬模式,截止目前(5月28日),聚合MDI市场均价17350元/吨,较上个月
价格上调3.89%。月上旬，受出口增量以及国内需求表现良好影响，北方大厂本月货量依旧严格控量，上海某工厂指导价
上调500元/吨;
• 5月，国内纯MDI市场先跌后涨，截止目前（5月28日），纯MDI市场均价18600元/吨，较上个月价格下跌1.59%。供方订单
交付缓慢，库存压力增加，且需求端进入淡季，市场跟进意愿不高，因而对原料消耗能力减弱。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
MDI库存及开工率
图 2024年MDI开工率变化情况(周度)
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities. httsec.com
海外MDI价格
聚合MDI价格出口均价
日本纯MDI价格
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities. httsec.com
二、MDI装置5月动态
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
二、MDI装置动态&供求总表
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities. httsec.com
二、MDI全球供求
根据科思创估计，2025年MDI全球需求量将达942.5万吨，复合增长率预计为5%左右。根据Intrado
数据显示,中国在2020年至2027年的复合年增长率为6.3%;预计日本和加拿大的MDI市场复合增长
率在2020-2027年期间分别为4.8%和4.7%; 德国MDI市场预计将以约4.9%的复合年增长率增长。
二、MDI下游需求
聚合MDI下游主要为白色家电、建筑相关、汽车、集装箱、管道、胶粘剂等，其中白色家电占比
最大,达到49.89%,其次是建筑相关,占比为14.27%;
纯MDI下游应用主要为鞋底原料、浆料、氨纶、TPU等行业，其中鞋底原料在纯MDI消费结构中占
比达到27.59%, 其次为浆料, 占比为20.05%。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
二、MDI下游需求
4月全国冰箱产量933.6万台,同比增长15.4%; 1-4月累计产量3285.9万台,同比增长14.1%;
1-4月份，房地产开发企业房屋施工面积687544万平方米，同比下降10.8%。房屋新开工面积23510万
平方米,下降24.6%。房屋竣工面积18860万平方米,下降20.4%。
图 2023.3-2024.3 冰箱产量及当月同比
图 2023.3-2024.3 中国房屋竣工面积及累计同比
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
二、MDI下游需求
根据工业和信息化部官网,2024年4月,我国汽车产销分别完成240.6万辆和235.9万辆,同比分别增长
12.8%和9.3%。其中，新能源汽车产销分别完成87万辆和85万辆，同比分别增长35.9%和33.5%。
减少7.71%。
图 2023. 3-2024. 3 美国房屋竣工面积及累计同比
2023. 3-2024. 3 中国汽车产量及当月同比
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
二、MDI下游需求
纯MDI下游: 5月，淡季行情下，终端纺织行业新接订单不理想，下游氨纶工厂库存压力增加，因而对原料采购难有放量; 下
游TPU负荷5-6成，业者入市备仓意愿偏弱，对原料刚需采买为主;下游鞋底原液负荷3-4成，询盘采购延续刚需策略，工厂
保持出货节奏,因而对原料消耗能力有限;下游浆料整体开工维持3-4成左右,出货竞价压力犹存,多随行就市出货;综上
述所说，终端订单承接一般，下游工厂出货承压下，对原料采购积极性难有释放。
图 2024年氨纶产量同比(%)
纯MDI下游产品价格
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
• 一、公司5月动态更新
· 二、MDI板块更新
• 三、石化板块更新
四、其他板块
三、乙烯价格价差
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
国外PDH价差(美元/吨)
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
其他重点产品价差
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities. httsec.com
三、聚烯烃下游消费结构
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities. httsec.com
三、国内PE供需平衡测算
随着在建产能投产，国内PE供给缺口有望缓解。我们预计，2024-2026年国内PE表观消费量为4253.72
、4448.11、4651.39万吨，净进口量为1180.71、1105.85、1035.74万吨，国内产能为3650.4、4071.8、
4493.2万吨/年。随着新增产能投产，开工率有所下降。我们预计2024-2026年国内PE供给缺口为-29.83
、84.82、21.09万吨，年均缺口为25.36万吨。其中正值表示短缺，负值表示过剩。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
三、国内PP供需平衡测算
随着在建产能投产，国内PP或出现供给过剩。我们预计，2024-2026年国内PP表观消费量为3692.58、
3924.85、4171.73万吨，净进口量为129.90、108.82、91.17万吨，国内产能为4594、5075、5555万吨/
年。由于国内产能出现过剩，我们预计开工率将处于低点。我们预计2024-2026年国内PP供给缺口为
25.13、-40.76、-85.85万吨，年均过剩为33.83万吨。其中正值表示短缺，负值表示过剩。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
• 一、公司4月动态更新
· 二、MDI板块更新
• 三、石化板块更新
四、其他板块
四. 其他重点产品价格及资讯
双酚A:本周(20240510-0516)下游需求未见明显好转,市场新单成交不畅,部分双酚A厂商出货意愿增强,实单灵活商
谈。终端需求平淡，加之买涨不买跌心态影响，下游工厂采购意向维持谨慎，部分刚需询盘压价，双酚A商谈重心向下
波动。
PC:本周(20240510-0516)场内观望情绪较浓,业者询盘为主,听闻下游局部消化原料库存,刚需采购维持,贸易环节
出货缓慢，商家多有持货，出货意向有所增强，叠加原料双酚A市场商谈重心下移，PC成本支撑略显乏力，市场价格传
导不畅,行情下行。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
四.其他重点产品价格及资讯
元/吨，跌幅4.81%。月内前期TDI市场延续弱势，市场供应较为充足，而需求端无明显改善;
• 聚醚: 5月国内聚醚市场震荡偏强运行，下游刚需支撑性偏弱。当前聚醚市场均价为9173元/吨，较上月月均价9130元/吨
价格上涨43元/吨，涨幅0.47%。国内环氧丙烷市场震荡上行，涨至年内新高，成本面支撑尚可，且月内华东区域大厂检
修期较长，货源紧缺，供应利好支撑性较强，故走势上行对聚醚成本面坚挺支撑。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
四、其他重点产品价格及资讯
• 万华化学将电池材料作为第二增长曲线;
• 六氟磷酸锂供需两端仍较疲软，现行原料价格行情涨跌互现，叠加下游企业下月生产好转仍存动力，以及行业会议的召
开有望提振厂家心态,长远看来或将指引六氟磷酸锂市场上行;
• 5月锂电池电解液市场价格整体维持稳定,本月磷酸铁锂电解液市场月均价为21300元/吨,较上月均价持平; 三元/常规
动力型电解液市场月均价为27500元/吨，较上月均价持平。
For full disclosure of risks, valuation methodologies and target price formation on all HTI rated stocks, please refer to the latest full report on our website at equities.htisec.com
产品价格大幅回落; 成本大幅上升; 需求不及预期等。
APPENDIX 1
Summary
I. Company's Overall Update in May
II. MDI Sector Update
III. Petrochemical Sector Update
IV. Other Sectors
APPENDIX 2
重要信息披露
本研究报告由海通国际分销，海通国际是由海通国际研究有限公司(HTIRL)，Haitong Securities India Private Limited (HSIPL)，Haitong International Japan K.K.
(HTIJKK)和海通国际证券有限公司(HTISCL)的证券研究团队所组成的全球品牌，海通国际证券集团(HTISG)各成员分别在其许可的司法管辖区内从事证券活
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This research report is distributed by Haitong International, a global brand name for the equity research teams of Haitong International Research Limited ("HTIRL"),
Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), Haitong International Japan K.K. ("HTIJKK"), Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL"), and any
other members within the Haitong International Securities Group of Companies ("HTISG"), each authorized to engage in securities activities in its respective
jurisdiction.
我， 孙小涵 ，在此保证 ( j ) 本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且 ( ii ) 我的报酬中
没有任何部分与本研究报告中表达的具体建议或观点直接或间接相关；及就此报告中所讨论目标公司的证券，我们（包括我们的家属）在其中均不持有
任何财务利益。我和我的家属（我已经告知他们）将不会在本研究报告发布后的3个工作日内交易此研究报告所讨论目标公司的证券。I, Xiaohan Sun ,
certify that (i) the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about any or all of the subject companies or issuers referred to in this
research and (ii) no part of my compensation was, is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this research
report; and that I (including members of my household) have no financial interest in the security or securities of the subject companies discussed. I and my
household, whom I have already notified of this, will not deal in or trade any securities in respect of the issuer that I review within 3 business days after the research
report is published.
APPENDIX 2
利益冲突披露Conflict of Interest Disclosures
海通国际及其某些关联公司可从事投资银行业务和/或对本研究中的特定股票或公司进行做市或持有自营头寸。就本研究报告而言，以下是有关该等关系
HTI and some of its affiliates may engage in investment banking and / or serve as a market maker or hold proprietary trading positions of certain stocks or
companies in this research report. As far as this research report is concerned, the following are the disclosure matters related to such relationship (As the following
新和成控股集团有限公司目前或过去12个月内是海通的客户。海通向客户提供非投资银行业务的证券相关业务服务。
新和成控股集团有限公司 is/was a client of Haitong currently or within the past 12 months. The client has been provided for non-investment-banking securities-
related services.
海通在过去的12个月中从新和成控股集团有限公司获得除投资银行服务以外之产品或服务的报酬。
Haitong has received compensation in the past 12 months for products or services other than investment banking from 新和成控股集团有限公司.
APPENDIX 2
评级定义(从2020年7月1日开始执行):
海通国际（以下简称“HTI”）采用相对评级系统来为投资者推荐我们覆盖的公司：优于大市、中性或弱于大市。投资者应仔细阅读HTI的评级定义。并且HTI
基于各自情况（比如投资者的现有持仓）以及其他因素。
优于大市,未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上,基准定义如下
中性，未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据FINRA/NYSE的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
弱于大市,未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上,基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数：日本-TOPIX, 韩国-KOSPI, 台湾-TAIEX, 印度-Nifty100, 美国-SP500; 其他所有中国概念股-MSCI China.
Ratings Definitions (from 1 Jul 2020):
Haitong International uses a relative rating system using Outperform, Neutral, or Underperform for recommending the stocks we cover to investors. Investors should
carefully read the definitions of all ratings used in Haitong International Research. In addition, since Haitong International Research contains more complete
information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Haitong International Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating
alone. In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice. An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual
circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Outperform: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Neutral: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. For
purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category.
Underperform: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each stock's listed region are as follows: Japan - TOPIX, Korea - KOSPI, Taiwan - TAIEX, India - Nifty100, US - SP500; for all other China-concept
stocks - MSCI China.
APPENDIX 2
评级分布Rating Distribution
APPENDIX 2
上述分布中的买入，中性和卖出分别对应我们当前优于大市，中性和落后大市评级。
只有根据FINRA/NYSE的评级分布规则，我们才将中性评级划入持有这一类别。请注意在上表中不包含非评级的股票。
此前的评级系统定义(直至2020年9月30日):
买入，未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在10%以上，基准定义如下中性，未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据FINRA/NYSE的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
卖出，未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上，基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数：日本-TOPIX, 韩国-KOSPI, 台湾-TAIEX, 印度-Nifty100; 其他所有中国概念股-MSCI China.
BUY, Neutral, and SELL in the above distribution correspond to our current ratings of Outperform, Neutral, and Underperform.
For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category. Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not
included in the table above.
Previous rating system definitions (until 30 Jun 2020):
BUY: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
NEUTRAL: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category.
SELL: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each stock's listed region are as follows: Japan - TOPIX, Korea - KOSPI, Taiwan - TAIEX, India - Nifty100; for all other China-concept stocks - MSCI
China.
APPENDIX 2
海通国际非评级研究: 海通国际发布计量、筛选或短篇报告，并在报告中根据估值和其他指标对股票进行排名，或者基于可能的估值倍数提出建议价格。
Haitong International Non-Rated Research: Haitong International publishes quantitative, screening or short reports which may rank stocks according to valuation and
other metrics or may suggest prices based on possible valuation multiples. Such rankings or suggested prices do not purport to be stock ratings or target prices or
fundamental values and are for information only.
海通国际A股覆盖:海通国际可能会就沪港通及深港通的中国A股进行覆盖及评级。海通证券（600837.CH），海通国际于上海的母公司，也会于中国发布
中国A股的研究报告。但是，海通国际使用与海通证券不同的评级系统，所以海通国际与海通证券的中国A股评级可能有所不同。
Haitong International Coverage of A-Shares: Haitong International may cover and rate A-Shares that are subject to the Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme with
Shanghai and Shenzhen. Haitong Securities (HS; 600837 CH), the ultimate parent company of HTISG based in Shanghai, covers and publishes research on these same
A-Shares for distribution in mainland China. However, the rating system employed by HS differs from that used by HTI and as a result there may be a difference in the
HTI and HS ratings for the same A-share stocks.
海通国际优质100 A股（Q100）指数：海通国际Q100指数是一个包括100支由海通证券覆盖的优质中国A股的计量产品。这些股票是通过基于质量的筛选过
程,并结合对海通证券A股团队自下而上的研究。海通国际每季对Q100指数成分作出复审。
Haitong International Quality 100 A-share (Q100) Index: HTI's Q100 Index is a quant product that consists of 100 of the highest-quality A-shares under coverage at
HS in Shanghai. These stocks are carefully selected through a quality-based screening process in combination with a review of the HS A-share team's bottom-up
research. The Q100 constituent companies are reviewed quarterly.
第一条 义利（FIN-ESG）数据系由盟浪可持续数字科技有限责任公司（以下简称“本公司”）基于合法取得的公开信息评估而成，本公司对信息的准确性及
完整性不作任何保证。对公司的评估结果仅供参考，并不构成对任何个人或机构投资建议，也不能作为任何个人或机构购买、出售或持有相关金融产品的
依据。本公司不对任何个人或机构投资者因使用本数据表述的评估结果造成的任何直接或间接损失负责。
第二条 盟浪并不因收到此评估数据而将收件人视为客户，收件人使用此数据时应根据自身实际情况作出自我独立判断。本数据所载内容反映的是盟浪在最
初发布本数据日期当日的判断，盟浪有权在不发出通知的情况下更新、修订与发出其他与本数据所载内容不一致或有不同结论的数据。除非另行说明，本
数据（如财务业绩数据等）仅代表过往表现，过往的业绩表现不作为日后回报的预测。
第三条 本数据版权归本公司所有，本公司依法保留各项权利。未经本公司事先书面许可授权，任何个人或机构不得将本数据中的评估结果用于任何营利性
目的，不得对本数据进行修改、复制、编译、汇编、再次编辑、改编、删减、缩写、节选、发行、出租、展览、表演、放映、广播、信息网络传播、摄
制、增加图标及说明等，否则因此给盟浪或其他第三方造成损失的，由用户承担相应的赔偿责任，盟浪不承担责任。
SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service Disclaimer: Please read these terms and conditions below carefully and confirm your agreement and acceptance with these terms
before using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service.
1. FIN-ESG Data is produced by SusallWave Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (In short, SusallWave)'s assessment based on legal publicly accessible information. SusallWave
shall not be responsible for any accuracy and completeness of the information. The assessment result is for reference only. It is not for any investment advice for any
individual or institution and not for basis of purchasing, selling or holding any relative financial products. We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss of any
individual or institution as a result of using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data.
2. SusallWave do not consider recipients as customers for receiving these data. When using the data, recipients shall make your own independent judgment according
to your practical individual status. The contents of the data reflect the judgment of us only on the release day. We have right to update and amend the data and
release other data that contains inconsistent contents or different conclusions without notification. Unless expressly stated, the data (e.g., financial performance data)
represents past performance only and the past performance cannot be viewed as the prediction of future return.
3. The copyright of this data belongs to SusallWave, and we reserve all rights in accordance with the law. Without the prior written permission of our company, none
of individual or institution can use these data for any profitable purpose. Besides, none of individual or institution can take actions such as amendment, replication,
translation, compilation, re-editing, adaption, deletion, abbreviation, excerpts, issuance, rent, exhibition, performance, projection, broadcast, information network
transmission, shooting, adding icons and instructions. If any loss of SusallWave or any third-party is caused by those actions, users shall bear the corresponding
compensation liability. SusallWave shall not be responsible for any loss.
4. If any term is not contained in this disclaimer but written in other agreements on our website (e.g. User Registration Protocol of SusallWave Website, User Service
(including authentication) Agreement of SusallWave Website, Privacy Policy of Susallwave Website), it should be executed according to other agreements. If there is
any difference between this disclaim and other agreements, this disclaimer shall be applied.
非印度证券的研究报告:本报告由海通国际证券集团有限公司（“HTISGL”）的全资附属公司海通国际研究有限公司（“HTIRL”）发行，该公司是根据香港
证券及期货条例（第571章）持有第4类受规管活动（就证券提供意见）的持牌法团。该研究报告在HTISGL的全资附属公司Haitong International (Japan)
K.K. ("HTIJKK")的协助下发行、HTIJKK是由日本关东财务局监管为投资顾问。
印度证券的研究报告: 本报告由从事证券交易、投资银行及证券分析及受Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)监管的Haitong Securities India
Private Limited（“HTSIPL”）所发行，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited（“BSE”）和National Stock Exchange of India Limited（“NSE”）上市公司（统称为「印
度交易所」)的研究报告。HTSIPL于2016年12月22日被收购并成为海通国际证券集团有限公司("HTISG")的一部分。
所有研究报告均以海通国际为名作为全球品牌，经许可由海通国际证券股份有限公司及/或海通国际证券集团的其他成员在其司法管辖区发布。
正确性不做任何明示或暗示的声明或保证。本文件中所有观点均截至本报告日期，如有更改，恕不另行通知。本文件仅供参考使用。文件中提及的任何
公司或其股票的说明并非意图展示完整的内容,本文件并非/不应被解释为对证券买卖的明示或暗示地出价或征价。在某些司法管辖区,本文件中提及的
证券可能无法进行买卖。如果投资产品以投资者本国货币以外的币种进行计价，则汇率变化可能会对投资产生不利影响。过去的表现并不一定代表将来
的结果。某些特定交易，包括设计金融衍生工具的，有产生重大风险的可能性，因此并不适合所有的投资者。您还应认识到本文件中的建议并非为您量
融和其他方面的专业顾问，以期在投资之前评估该项建议是否适合于您。若由于使用本文件所载的材料而产生任何直接或间接的损失，HTISG及其董事、
雇员或代理人对此均不承担任何责任。
有长仓或短仓以及进行买卖。HTISG的销售员、交易员和其他专业人士均可向HTISG的相关客户和公司提供与本文件所述意见相反的口头或书面市场评论
意见或交易策略。HTISG可做出与本文件所述建议或意见不一致的投资决策。但HTIRL没有义务来确保本文件的收件人了解到该等交易决定、思路或建
司进行沟通、公开露面和自营证券交易的第2241条规则之限制。
APPENDIX 2
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER
For research reports on non-Indian securities: The research report is issued by Haitong International Research Limited ("HTIRL"), a wholly owned subsidiary of
Haitong International Securities Group Limited ("HTISGL") and a licensed corporation to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) for the purpose of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong, with the assistance of Haitong International (Japan) K.K. ("HTIJKK"), a wholly owned subsidiary of
HTISGL and which is regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Kanto Finance Bureau of Japan.
For research reports on Indian securities: The research report is issued by Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), an Indian company and a Securities
and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") registered Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports
covering listed entities on the BSE Limited ("BSE") and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") (collectively referred to as "Indian Exchanges"). HSIPL
was acquired and became part of the Haitong International Securities Group of Companies ("HTISG") on 22 December 2016.
All the research reports are globally branded under the name Haitong International and approved for distribution by Haitong International Securities Company
Limited ("HTISCL") and/or any other members within HTISG in their respective jurisdictions.
The information and opinions contained in this research report have been compiled or arrived at from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith but no
representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by HTIRL, HTISCL, HSIPL, HTIJKK or any other members within HTISG from which this research report may
be received, as to their accuracy, completeness or correctness. All opinions expressed herein are as of the date of this research report and are subject to change
without notice. This research report is for information purpose only. Descriptions of any companies or their securities mentioned herein are not intended to be
complete and this research report is not, and should not be construed expressly or impliedly as, an offer to buy or sell securities. The securities referred to in this
research report may not be eligible for purchase or sale in some jurisdictions. If an investment product is denominated in a currency other than an investor's home
currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Certain transactions,
including those involving derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should also bear in mind that recommendations in this
research report are not tailor-made for you. The analyst has not taken into account your unique financial circumstances, such as your financial situation and risk
appetite. You must, therefore, analyze and should, where applicable, consult your own legal, tax, accounting, financial and other professional advisers to evaluate
whether the recommendations suits you before investment. Neither HTISG nor any of its directors, employees or agents accepts any liability whatsoever for any
direct or consequential loss arising from any use of the materials contained in this research report.
APPENDIX 2
HTISG and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, excluding the analysts responsible for the content of this document, will from time to time have long or
short positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell, the securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research report. Sales, traders, and other professionals of
HTISG may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to the relevant clients and the companies within HTISG that reflect opinions that are
contrary to the opinions expressed in this research report. HTISG may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views
expressed in this research report. HTI is under no obligation to ensure that such other trading decisions, ideas or recommendations are brought to the attention of
any recipient of this research report.
and avoidance of conflicts of interest with respect to Research.
Non U.S. Analyst Disclosure: The HTI analyst(s) listed on the cover of this Research is (are) not registered or qualified as a research analyst with FINRA and are not
subject to U.S. FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on communications with companies that are the subject of the Research; public appearances; and trading securities by
a research analyst.
分发和地区通知:
除非下文另有规定，否则任何希望讨论本报告或者就本项研究中讨论的任何证券进行任何交易的收件人均应联系其所在国家或地区的海通国际销售人员。
香港投资者的通知事项：海通国际证券股份有限公司(“HTISCL”)负责分发该研究报告，HTISCL是在香港有权实施第1类受规管活动（从事证券交易）的持牌
公司。该研究报告并不构成《证券及期货条例》（香港法例第571章) (以下简称 "SFO") 所界定的要约邀请,证券要约或公众要约。本研究报告仅提供
给SFO所界定的“专业投资者”。本研究报告未经过证券及期货事务监察委员会的审查。您不应仅根据本研究报告中所载的信息做出投资决定。本研究报
告的收件人就研究报告中产生或与之相关的任何事宜请联系HTISCL销售人员。
美国投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由HTIRL，HSIPL或HTIJKK编写。 HTIRL，HSIPL，HTIJKK以及任何非HTISG美国联营公司，均未在美国注册，因此不受美
国关于研究报告编制和研究分析人员独立性规定的约束。本研究报告提供给依照1934年“美国证券交易法”第15a-6条规定的豁免注册的「美国主要机构
投资者」（“Major U.S. Institutional Investor”）和「机构投资者」（“U.S. Institutional Investors”）。在向美国机构投资者分发研究报告时，Haitong
International Securities (USA) Inc. ("HTI USA") 将对报告的内容负责。任何收到本研究报告的美国投资者，希望根据本研究报告提供的信息进行任何证券或
于U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission（“SEC”）注册的经纪商，也是Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.（“FINRA”）的成员。 HTIUSA不负责编写
（包括ADR）可能存在一定风险。非美国发行的证券可能没有注册，或不受美国法规的约束。有关非美国证券或相关金融工具的信息可能有限制。外国公
司可能不受审计和汇报的标准以及与美国境内生效相符的监管要求。本研究报告中以美元以外的其他货币计价的任何证券或相关金融工具的投资或收益的
价值受汇率波动的影响,可能对该等证券或相关金融工具的价值或收入产生正面或负面影响。美国收件人的所有问询请联系:
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc.
340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
APPENDIX 2
DISTRIBUTION AND REGIONAL NOTICES
Except as otherwise indicated below, any Recipient wishing to discuss this research report or effect any transaction in any security discussed in HTI's research should
contact the Haitong International salesperson in their own country or region.
Notice to Hong Kong investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL"), which is a licensed corporation to
carry on Type 1 regulated activity (dealing in securities) in Hong Kong. This research report does not constitute a solicitation or an offer of securities or an invitation
to the public within the meaning of the SFO. This research report is only to be circulated to "Professional Investors" as defined in the SFO. This research report has
not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission. You should not make investment decisions solely on the basis of the information contained in this
research report. Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISCL salespersons in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the research
report.
Notice to U.S. investors: As described above, this research report was prepared by HTIRL, HSIPL or HTIJKK. Neither HTIRL, HSIPL, HTIJKK, nor any of the non U.S.
HTISG affiliates is registered in the United States and, therefore, is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independence of
research analysts. This research report is provided for distribution to "major U.S. institutional investors" and "U.S. institutional investors" in reliance on the
exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When distributing research reports to "U.S.
institutional investors," HTI USA will accept the responsibilities for the content of the reports. Any U.S. recipient of this research report wishing to effect any
transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments based on the information provided in this research report should do so only through Haitong
International Securities (USA) Inc. ("HTI USA"), located at 340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10173, USA; telephone (212) 351 6050. HTI USA is a broker-
dealer registered in the U.S. with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
("FINRA"). HTI USA is not responsible for the preparation of this research report nor for the analysis contained therein. Under no circumstances should any U.S.
recipient of this research report contact the analyst directly or effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments directly through HSIPL,
HTIRL or HTIJKK. The HSIPL, HTIRL or HTIJKK analyst(s) whose name appears in this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with FINRA and,
therefore, may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a
research analyst account. Investing in any non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments (including ADRs) discussed in this research report may present certain
risks. The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to U.S. regulations. Information on such non-U.S. securities or related financial
instruments may be limited. Foreign companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards and regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect
within the U.S. The value of any investment or income from any securities or related financial instruments discussed in this research report denominated in a
currency other than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such securities or
related financial instruments. All inquiries by U.S. recipients should be directed to:
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc.
340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
中华人民共和国的通知事项:在中华人民共和国（下称“中国”，就本报告目的而言，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾）只有根据适用
的中国法律法规而收到该材料的人员方可使用该材料。并且根据相关法律法规，该材料中的信息并不构成“在中国从事生产、经营活动”。本文件在中
国并不构成相关证券的公共发售或认购。无论根据法律规定或其他任何规定，在取得中国政府所有的批准或许可之前，任何法人或自然人均不得直接或
间接地购买本材料中的任何证券或任何实益权益。接收本文件的人员须遵守上述限制性规定。
加拿大投资者的通知事项:在任何情况下该等材料均不得被解释为在任何加拿大的司法管辖区内出售证券的要约或认购证券的要约邀请。本材料中所述
证券在加拿大的任何要约或出售行为均只能在豁免向有关加拿大证券监管机构提交招股说明书的前提下由Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc. (“HTI
USA”) 予以实施，该公司是一家根据National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”) 的
规定得到「国际交易商豁免」（“International Dealer Exemption”）的交易商，位于艾伯塔省、不列颠哥伦比亚省、安大略省和魁北克省。在加拿大，该
等材料在任何情况下均不得被解释为任何证券的招股说明书、发行备忘录、广告或公开发行。加拿大的任何证券委员会或类似的监管机构均未审查或以
任何方式批准该等材料、其中所载的信息或所述证券的优点，任何与此相反的声明即属违法。在收到该等材料时，每个加拿大的收件人均将被视为属于
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions第1.1节或者Securities Act (Ontario)第73.3(1)节所规定的「认可投资者」（“Accredited Investor”），或者在
适用情况下National Instrument 31-103第1.1节所规定的「许可投资者」（"Permitted Investor"）。
新加坡投资者的通知事项: 本研究报告由Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“HTISSPL”)[公司注册编号201311400G] 于新加坡提供。
HTISSPL是符合《财务顾问法》（第110章）(“FAA”)定义的豁免财务顾问,可(a)提供关于证券,集体投资计划的部分,交易所衍生品合约和场外衍
生品合约的建议（b）发行或公布有关证券、交易所衍生品合约和场外衍生品合约的研究分析或研究报告。本研究报告仅提供给符合《证券及期货法》
（第289章）第4A条项下规定的机构投资者。对于因本研究报告而产生的或与之相关的任何问题，本研究报告的收件人应通过以下信息与HTJSSPL联系：
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd
APPENDIX 2
日本投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由海通国际证券有限公司所发布，旨在分发给从事投资管理的金融服务提供商或注册金融机构（根据日本金融机构
和交易法( "FIEL"))第61(1)条,第17-11(1)条的执行及相关条款)。
英国及欧盟投资者的通知事项：本报告由从事投资顾问的Haitong International Securities Company Limited所发布，本报告只面向有投资相关经验的专业客
户发布。任何投资或与本报告相关的投资行为只面对此类专业客户。没有投资经验或相关投资经验的客户不得依赖本报告。Haitong International Securities
Company Limited的分支机构的净长期或短期金融权益可能超过本研究报告中提及的实体已发行股本总额的0.5%。特别提醒有些英文报告有可能此前已经
通过中文或其它语言完成发布。
澳大利亚投资者的通知事项: Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited和Haitong International
Securities (UK) Limited分别根据澳大利亚证券和投资委员会（以下简称“ASIC”）第03/1102、03/1103或03/1099号规章在澳大利亚分发本项研究，该等规章
免除了根据2001年《公司法》在澳大利亚为批发客户提供金融服务时海通国际需持有澳大利亚金融服务许可的要求。ASIC的规章副本可在以下网站获
印度投资者的通知事项：本报告由从事证券交易、投资银行及证券分析及受Securities and Exchange Board of India ( “SEBI”) 监管的Haitong Securities India
Private Limited ( "HTSIPL") 所发布，包括制作及发布涵盖BSE Limited ( "BSE") 和National Stock Exchange of India Limited ( "NSE") （统称为「印度交易
所」)研究报告。
研究机构名称: Haitong Securities India Private Limited
841 Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400 013, India
“请注意，SEBI 授予的注册和 NISM 的认证并不保证中介的表现或为投资者提供任何回报保证”。
，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
版权所有:海通国际证券集团有限公司2019年。保留所有权利。
APPENDIX 2
People's Republic of China (PRC): In the PRC, the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the
applicable PRC laws and regulations. Further, the information on the research report does not constitute "production and business activities in the PRC" under
relevant PRC laws. This research report does not constitute a public offer of the security, whether by sale or subscription, in the PRC. Further, no legal or natural
persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein without obtaining all prior PRC government approvals or
licenses that are required, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this research are required to observe these restrictions.
Notice to Canadian Investors: Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy
securities in any jurisdiction of Canada. Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to
file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulators and only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc., a dealer relying on the "international dealer
exemption" under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations ("NI 31-103") in Alberta, British Columbia,
Ontario and Quebec. This research report is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a prospectus, an offering memorandum, an advertisement or a
public offering of any securities in Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this research
report, the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence. Upon receipt of this
research report, each Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented that the investor is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in section 1.1 of
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or, in Ontario, in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable, and a "permitted client" as such
term is defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103, respectively.
Notice to Singapore investors: This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd ("HTISSPL") [Co Reg
No 201311400G. HTISSPL is an Exempt Financial Adviser under the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) ("FAA") to (a) advise on securities, units in a collective investment
scheme, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on
securities, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts. This research report is only provided to institutional investors, within
the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISSPL via the details below in respect of
any matters arising from, or in connection with, the research report:
APPENDIX 2
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Notice to Japanese investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial
Services Providers or Registered Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ("FIEL")
Art. 61(1), Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art. 17-11(1), and related articles).
Notice to UK and European Union investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited. This research is directed at
persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to
such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons. Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this
research. Haitong International Securities Company Limited's affiliates may have a net long or short financial interest in excess of 0.5% of the total issued share
capital of the entities mentioned in this research report. Please be aware that any report in English may have been published previously in Chinese or another
language.
Notice to Australian investors: The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities
Company Limited, and Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Class Order 03/1102, 03/1103 or 03/1099, respectively, which exempts those
HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited are
regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements, which are different from the laws applying in Australia.
Notice to Indian investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), an Indian company and a Securities and Exchange
Board of India ("SEBI") registered Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports covering listed
entities on the BSE Limited ("BSE") and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE") (collectively referred to as "Indian Exchanges").
Name of the entity: Haitong Securities India Private Limited
APPENDIX 2
Address: 1203A, Floor 12A, Tower 2A, One World Center
841 Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road, Mumbai 400 013, India
"Please note that Registration granted by SEBI and Certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns
to investors".
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG.
Copyright: Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019. All rights reserved.
APPENDIX 2
Recommendation Chart
1. 10 Jul 2021 OUTPERFORM at 119.91 target 148.6.
2. 1 Aug 2021 OUTPERFORM at 113.72 target 148.6.
3. 24 Jan 2022 OUTPERFORM at 96.47 target 152.1.
4. 15 Mar 2022 OUTPERFORM at 75.55 target 127.65.
5. 2 Aug 2022 OUTPERFORM at 81.0 target 96.42.
6. 14 Feb 2023 OUTPERFORM at 97.97 target 114.58.
7. 17 Oct 2023 OUTPERFORM at 87.56 target 106.4.
8. 10 Mar 2024 OUTPERFORM at 77.18 target 101.84.
Source: Company data Bloomberg, HTI estimates