Tail cement (600585.sh) 2022 semi-annual review: multifactorial performance pressure, active extension of the industrial chain, building materials, cement.
In the first half of the year, the company sold cement clinkers from its products - $22.5 per ton, and the cost increased mainly as a result of the increase in the price of raw coal. Concrete revenues increased significantly by 485.62%.
The company is active in building and purchasing projects and promoting new energy projects safely. The capital expenditure of the company in the first half of the year was approximately $428 million, an increase of 137.45 per cent over the same period, mainly for domestic cement, blending and overseas acquisitions of mixed items.
Cement project construction, mining rights acquisition, photovoltaic power plant, etc... Additional clinker production capacity in the first half of the year ranged from 2.4 million tons to 272 million tons, additional cement production capacity ranged from 3.25 million tons to 387 million tons, additional bone production capacity ranged from 8.7 million tons to 74.5 million tons, and new commodity concrete production capacity ranged from 3 million cubic metres to 17.7 million cubic metres.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company proposed to hold shares to acquire conch environmental protection, promote the integration of resources and build new industrial growth poles.
Conch Cement (600585.sh) - A record-high-scale, high-profit investment proposal: low-valued, high-quality cement taps, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Capital investment is expected to play an important role under the "Back-In-the-Back" umbrella, with the next half of the year running out of jobs.
Sea conch cement - 600585 - 2020 mid-point assessment: excellent cash position, leading advantage, continued focus on strong and excellent cement masters, and active exploration for transformation and upgrading, and sound promotion of new sources of energy to provide a sound basis for long-term development.
The sharp decline furthers the pressure on the income end, with profits falling as a result of multiple factors such as the East China region’s epidemic, falling demand, and rising energy prices. Cement operations remain profitable, and cash levels are still abundant.
One hundred twenty-eight million tons, or 16.8 per cent of the year, and 21.9 million tons of trade sales, or 95.98 per cent of the year. The increase in income/cost from ton of products is mainly due to the rise in the price of raw coal.
4.468 billion yuan, or 63.7 per cent lower than the previous year, due mainly to a decline in sales revenues. At the end of the reporting period, corporate goods, figure 5: sales and acceleration of conch cement clinker, figure 6: revenue and ton cost of conch cement clinker
Figure 7: Cost rates during conch cement period Active project construction and M&As to secure new energy projects. Corporate capital expenditure in the first half of the year was approximately $14.228 billion, an increase of 137.45 per cent over the same period, mainly for domestic cement, blending and purchase, overseas cement project construction, mining
In the first half of the year, the company successfully acquired cement projects such as Chongqing Doji Corporation, Lungi Cement, Hari River Cement, etc., and completed the acquisition of shares in mixed projects such as the permanent shipment of building materials and Changde Ping. On the overseas side, the Uzbekstan Karshi Cement Project was successfully set on fire, while other ongoing and planned projects were carried out in an orderly manner to strengthen the market.
The first half of the year saw additional clinker capacity ranging from 2.4 million tons to 272 million tons, additional cement capacity ranging from 3.25 million tons to 387 million tons, additional bone production capacity ranging from 8.7 million tons to 74.5 million tons, new commodities, concrete production capacity ranging from 3 million cubic metres to 17.7 million cubic metres, and additional photovoltaic power assembly capacity ranging from 37mw to 237mw.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company proposed to take stock to buy conch environmental protection, set up new industries related to the cement master industry, promote resource integration, and build new industrial growth poles. Low-valued, high-quality cement taps, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
It is expected to play an important role, and cement demand is expected to be supported by the next half of the year’s work schedule. The company is the country’s top-quality cement leader, and in addition to continuing to focus on the strong and good-performing cement industry, it will actively explore the transformation and upgrading of new energy projects to provide a sound basis for long-term development, taking into account the adverse effects of the first half of the year.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject