Newtime security
The component began to connect to support high performance growth - the first quarter of the Lonki Stock Exchange was increased by 29.14 per cent and the net profit was increased by 23.57 per cent on a year-on-year basis:
Minimum/highest in a year: The net profit realized by the company in the first quarter of 2018 to the parent owner was $543 million, or 0.27 yuan, or 22.73 per cent more than in the same period of the previous year.
The stock of $4.22 billion, an increase of 77 per cent over the same period, is mainly due to the low-season viewing of the industry. • The Maori rate is under pressure and the city’s share is expected to increase at an accelerated rate: it is the result of several downward revisions in silicon prices and high silicon prices, but the company’s cost-control capacity has also improved.
The rate of decomposition of the non-silicon chain is also accelerating. With the advent of the fluorescent season, single crystals prevail in the driver's technical route, the price of single crystal silicone is stable, multi-crysilica is generally needed, some manufacturers are in a state of shutdown, and the advantages of monocrystal technology are already evident.
Silicon millers, with technological and cost advantages, are accelerating the rate of urban occupancy. • Component operations are starting to connect to support high performance growth: at the end of 2017, the company produced a single crystal component of 6.5gw, with expansion and technological changes taking place simultaneously in 2018.
By the end of the year, it is expected to reach 12gw. The company is moving from a single crystal tap to a module tap. The price of the component was relatively stable in the first quarter of 2018, especially after the leader's bidding, the efficient single crystal perc component became market-friendly, the price increased earlier, and there was no significant change in the multi-crystal flow of the unit in 2017.
4.5gw, we believe that sales of components are expected to reach 7-8gw in 2018, supporting high performance growth.
Cars are expected to improve significantly as the upstream silicon chain is released, and the company's Māori rate is expected to improve.
"The Current Monarch, the Future's Global Leader."