Newtime security
In exchange for a share in prices, two quarters of profitability began to raise the single crystalline, and the target for 2018 remains high: one year low/highest:
The company, as the leader of single crystal silicon tablets and components, expected to produce 4 billion silicon tablets and 7.5gw components in 2018, with 6gw high-efficiency perc components, self-constructed silicon silicon once again voluntarily reduced the price by 0.05 dollars, and multiple crystal silicon backward production began to accelerate out of the market:
In recent days, companies have again taken the initiative to lower single crystal silicon pieces by 0.05 dollars, with an offer of 4.45 yuan per piece. According to the Solalzoom database, the market for polycrystal silicon tablets is currently priced at 3.4-3.5 yuan per piece, while the country as a whole has less demand for polycrysil silicon tablets, higher market stock, and a growing number of cut-off enterprises.
Travel needs are better, the company has reached more than 95% capacity utilization after entering the second quarter, the increase in capacity utilization has also led the company to return to normal non-silicon costs, and the two-quarter Māori rate has stabilized. This proactive price change has forced the sale of polysilica to close to cost prices, with very small profit margins and backward crystals.
The production of silicon is expected to accelerate the roll-out of the market. There will be a significant increase in the market share of the company. ..the efficient components start to function, and the two-sided components will accelerate their release in three or four quarters: 100% of the production capacity of the company components will be used in the second quarter, with capacity constraints and companies will not be allowed to do so.
In the future, the company will focus on high-efficiency components, with a current cost of $2.65-2.7/w for high-efficiency single crystal perc components, which are more expensive than conventional components, while the overall cost is lower than conventional components after spread. Nearly 40 per cent of the eight pilot bases in 2018 are located.
The project will use monocrystal dual-sided component technology, with only companies currently having the capacity to produce a single crystal-efficient two-sided component, with a market price of about $3/w for the two-sided component, so with the start-up of the three-to-four-quarter pilot project, it is expected that the company's dual-sided component will be released and will increase profitability.
• Maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating: The Annual Report meets expectations, the “cost plus technology” advantage.
Watch the future of companies as global leaders in the photovoltaic sector, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
"The Current Monarch, the Future's Global Leader."