At worst, the Research Center for Resources and the Environment will be able to raise profits by the season.
Revenues have been growing faster, and asymmetrically falling prices in industry’s industrial chain during the low season have pushed the Māori rate: a single silicon chip, one of the company’s main products during the quarter, influenced by the “specially low season” of this year’s luminous industry.
Prices fell by almost 20 per cent, and cost-side silicon prices fell by only about 15 per cent over the same period, and the price fell for more than a month, in addition to the fact that the company ' s Yunnan production capacity was in the early stages of the slope and non-silicon costs were expected to be phased in.
High, combined with the above factors, corporate q1 combined Māori rates are down to 21.9 per cent, and the ring success path - the Lungi Annual Stock Exchange Review - is 9 to 5 percentage points lower than each: however, it is driven by strong growth in the output of components (in particular).
2. q1 revenue has remained at a relatively rapid rate of growth in the supply of large silicon insurance stocks and expansion of the productive capacity of India.
The worst of the year has passed, the prices of the industrial chain have recently been notably stable, and the Māori rate is expected to pick up on a quarterly basis: domestic and foreign demand has recovered since late q1, especially in terms of internal distribution, lead-run projects for crystals and high 3.
The demand for active products has stabilized the price of single crystals silicon/components, and some of the high-efficiency products have even sprung up (the current situation is very similar to the rebound following the sharp fall in prices in the second half of 2016), and the strength of the components has accelerated with this year's distribution 4.
In the second half of the year, the supply and demand structure of the industry, both upstream and downstream, is moving in the direction of the company's business, adding to the cost of the company's own production of Yunnan as it climbs.
Re-emphasize that components are more profitable than expected, and that they are “profit pools” at the power station: because the average efficiency of a company's battery assembly's full capacity is much higher than that of other competitors, the price and cost of single-war sales are better than that of the same firm. So this year, silicon links are released significantly because of the industry's production capacity, and companies need to pass stronger prices.
While fighting for market share (primarily in multi-crystals), the component business is expected to hold up the company’s large profits. Moreover, the value of the distributed power plant, which is locked in a highly subsidized power plant, is even more pronounced in the expectation of a significant decline in future distribution supplements.
The path to Internet access at PV prices has become clear, with no room for manufacturing firms capable of maintaining cost advantages, and policies such as domestic distribution have been implemented below expectations, and product prices have been more intense than expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment