Lungi shares have grown steadily, and the firm has consolidated its competitiveness by issuing a quarterly report in 2018, making a profit of $543 million, an increase of 23.57 per cent over the previous year, which is in line with expectations.
The company, as a single crystalline luminous head, had a strong cost advantage and actively expanded and seized its market share; management had a profit increase of 23.57 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 2018: the company had issued a quarterly report in 2018 and had a current income of $3.470 billion on a quarterly basis, an increase of 29.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and the net profit of shareholders in listed companies had been realized by 5.43 per cent.
Co-optimal growth in production, low-season Māori ratio: the company maintained a similar growth in production in the first quarter of 2018, with silicon silicon outwards expected to exceed 1.5gw and components expected to outperform about 750-800mw. As a result of the industry’s traditional low-season season in the first quarter of the quarter, the price of the photovolt industry chain was significantly reduced, resulting in a similar Māori ratio for the company.
This represents a decrease of 9.42 percentage points to 21.91 per cent, with the Māori rate of silicon being expected to be less than 20 per cent. At the same time, the company confirmed the transfer of some of the photovoltaic power plants, which are expected to yield investment returns of more than $200 million.
At the end of the quarter, the Department’s inventory increased from $2.380 billion at the beginning of the year to $4.224 billion, mainly for the following season. Production and sales planning increased so that competitiveness was consolidated: the company’s capacity at multiple production bases accelerated.
Targets 4 billion (including self-use) for single crystalline silicon tablets in 2018, 7.5gw for batteries, components, and 600mw for self-involvement plants. Companies continue to reduce manufacturing costs and consolidate competitive advantages through research and development inputs and large-scale conversion applications of technology outcomes.
Demand in the photovoltaic sector is not as high as expected; drops are not as high as expected; and capacity digestion is not as high as expected.
S.H.I.E.L.A. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.