China Stone (600176.sh)
During the reporting period of the company ' s recent annual report of 2019, it achieved business income of $10,493 million, an increase of 4.59 per cent, a net return of $2,129 million, a decrease of 10.32 per cent, a decline of 0.61 per share, a decline in income per share, a slowdown in income from the veil and products throughout the year, and a significant decline in the Māori rate, which is affected by the price of the fabric and the new income guidelines.
The increase of 24.3% is a significant increase in the cost of 24.3%. In 2019, the Māori rate was 36.85% for the fibre optics and products business, and China ' s Great Stone (600176) was 10.2 percentage points lower than for the previous portion of the sale costs, which were recategorized to operating costs, on the one hand, and on the other.
In 2019, the price of fibres fell. The company continued to increase in 2019 (600176), the world class of fibres.
Long, taking into account that, with the gradual digestion of productive capacity, the plant stock has begun to decline, the industry bottom may have confirmed that the price of the fibres is expected to be stable in 2020, and that the company relies on its excellent competitiveness, and that the Māori rate is expected to return to higher levels.q Income profits have increased significantly in the first quarter of the q4 quarter.
China's Big Stone (600176): Cost-side competitive advantage 25.70 percentage points, q4 net profit rises.
China's Great Stone Production Impairment has led to a lower base than the previous year, on the other hand because of the increase in the price of electronic fabric at q4. (600176): Short-term earnings are low.
The decrease in the cost rate during the period was affected by the new income guidelines, higher financial costs, 2019-08-24.1.51 percentage points to cover the long-term legacy value, and the cost of sales was significantly reduced by the reclassification of the former part of the cost of sales after the application of the new income guidelines during the reporting period.
Higher financial costs due to operating costs, resulting from higher interest-bearing liabilities in the reporting period, higher interest charges, higher operating standards for multiple projects and greater globalization of production and marketing
Technology indicators exceed expectations, creating new efficiencies and new poles for intelligent manufacturing. The Great Stonestore produces 250,000 tons of fibreglass per year, and the kiln line production project is moving steadily towards its stated goal. The US project is officially operational, with a deficit in 2019, and is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses by 2020.
There has been significant progress in barrier, territorial management, using the bridgehead role of overseas projects to improve corporate global resource allocation and “outside supply” movement. India’s pre-project work has continued, pre-construction research, preparation, approval, and design work has been carried out in an orderly manner, and the third offshore production base is in a state of readiness.
Intelligent manufacturing leads to a significant increase in production efficiency, with a large number of new high-performance products rich in structure.
Double-digit growth in gauze production was achieved, with the new material-intellectual manufacturing base in Kiryu producing 60,000 tons of electronic gauze per year and 200 million metres per year of electricity per year running, and the company ' s production of electronic fabrics increasing significantly and increasing in size. e7 formulations were successfully upgraded, stretching volumes were increasing, and the cost of blending was decreasing; e8 high-mode formulations were successful.
Implementation of kiln production; improved glass formulation system and continued improvement of the international protection network of patent formulations. High-performance wind blades with veils, universal direct veils, high-pressure pipes with veils, high-performance pp short-optics, high-surface guard baths with veils, high-strength high-pressure composite insulations with veils, high-performance enhancement pp and pbt with reinforced veils, cable packages
The company is now actively expanding its production capacity and shifting to intelligent production and product structures that increase the weight of high-end fibre-optic products.
(c) Models. In the short term, there is some uncertainty on the demand side, but in the long term, as firms become more competitive and small businesses are phased out, the market share and voice of companies will continue to rise, maintaining an “upscaling” rating.
Risk of changes in raw materials, fuel prices; Institute sales team, Xu Jialine
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.