Materials: China's Stones: Short-term performance pressure and long-term growth trends are rare, mainly as a result of restructuring of corporate products and steady growth in sales of high-end products.
The above-mentioned increase in sales results, on the one hand, from the fact that the U.S. line q4 has been fully produced, which has led to an increase in sales; and, on the other hand, from the expected re-emergence of market price increases in the q4 market in terms of total equity/flow (millions of shares), which add up domestic and foreign pre-savings and an increase in the volume of deliveries from downstream customers.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) plus. But demand growth slowed as a result of the 18-year rise in new capacity (1.05 million tons of coated electronics), causing the price of the alkaline veil to continue down since the beginning of the 19th year.
For example, 2400tex has no alkaline entanglement of direct veils, with a 19-year average price of about 13 per cent below the same price q4, and its performance is still under pressure, waiting for the industry.
The fibre sheet fell below $3 per square metre, close to being cut off from last year’s prices. Performance fell, and the turning point got closer.
Review: The impact of the trade war fell q4, with variations due to the shift to operating costs, but the net interest rate of q4 sales amounted to 20.42 per cent, the ring increased by 1.9 pccs, the same rate increased by 1 pcc, the company ' s strength and fine calibration tubes in the industrial landscape.
This has kept the level of profitability high, reflecting strong corporate competitiveness. Stock stocks have increased by about 48% from the beginning of the year, and currency exchange losses have increased financial costs: at the end of the reporting period, the stock of corporate merchandise was about $1,395 million, an increase of about 48.4% from the beginning of the year.
With a product inventory cycle of about two months, the increase in stock, on the one hand, is due to increased corporate capacity and supply, and, on the other hand, macroeconomic influences have slowed overall demand growth in the industry, reducing by 1.8 pcs, but raising the financial cost rate by 1.5 pcs throughout the year, mainly due to exchange rate losses
The failure was about $100 million higher, and the sales rate was three pcts lower in the same year, mainly due to the adjustment of the cost of transportation, etc. from the cost of sales to the cost of operating:
In May of that year, the company ' s total fibre-optic capacity reached approximately 1.82 million tons, of which overseas capacity would reach 296,000 tons, up to 16.3 per cent of the total capacity of the company. United States line occupancy was a solid step in the corporate strategy of three continents, while India ' s pre-project work was progressing steadily, with the company country moving forward.
The process of internationalization is accelerating and does not deepen the “outside supply” strategy: the 250,000-ton relocation line and the 150,000-ton smart manufacturing line in the village of Kiryu are expected to be completed this year.
The short-term pressure does not change the long-term rebound, and the long- and medium-term deployment of the long-term leadership is a good opportunity. We believe that, while the domestic epidemic has eased, there is global demand because of the outbreak abroad.
Repressed, short-term supply and demand patterns or continued pressure, but over a long period of time, the current industry has significantly reduced its new production capacity in the current year, and until the onset of the epidemic ' s reduced demand, 2020 will be the turning point for the new industry cycle, with the current low-valued leader for medium- and long-line investors.
The value of the plant is clear, while the giant stone is the main industrial leader, bringing together size, channels, brands, product structure and domestic and foreign production capacity, more resilient to cyclical fluctuations, and the industry’s downfall cycle will further strengthen the leader.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report