The increase in the demand for the fibres will increase the rate of infrastructure recovery and penetration - China's 2019 Report - March 23, 2020
The company published its annual 2019 report, which generated $10.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year, a net gain of $2.1 billion to the mother, a decrease of 10 per cent in the same year, a net gain of $1.9 billion to the mother, a decrease of 22 per cent in the same year.
\triangleright has built more than 10 large-scale fibre-glass kiln threads with an annual production capacity of more than 1.4 million tons and 95% of the total revenue. According to company announcements, $10.4 billion was collected in 2019, an increase of 5%, resulting in a net gain for the mother.21
Billion dollars, a 10 per cent decrease in the same year, and $1.9 billion in net profit on parent deductions, a 22 per cent decrease in the same year. The decline in net profit on mother ' s share is mainly due to lower product prices and higher financial costs. Sales costs fell by 77 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the reclassification of sales costs to operating costs following the application of the new income guidelines. Financial costs increased by 51 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of an increase in interest-bearing liabilities.
In 2019, the production of Chinese fibres increased by 13 per cent in the same year, and some varieties were affected by rapid increases in supply. \triangleright, according to company announcements, in 2019 China produced 5.27 million tons of fibres, an increase of 12.61 per cent in the same year.
In 2019, according to the National Statistical Office, the main business income of firms above the size of the fibre industry fell by 1.40 per cent, total profits by 24.90 per cent, and profits by 24.90 per cent.
The overall decline is mainly due to a marked acceleration in the expansion of the capacity of the pool kilns in recent years, and a sharp fall in product prices. With regard to supply patterns, the high concentration of the global fibre-optic industry has led to a more visible oligopolistic pattern of competition, with China’s six major fibre-optic producers, including the Great Stones, accounting for more than 75% of the total annual production capacity of the world’s fibre-optics.
The annual production capacity of fibre-optic companies together accounts for more than 70% of the country’s production capacity. The benefits of infrastructure heating and penetration are rising, and domestic demand for fibre-optics is expected to grow steadily.
According to company announcements, China's per capita annual consumption of fibre is much lower than that of developed-country consumers, with only one tenth of the currently mature and widely applied downstream areas in the United States, and the average growth in the fibre-optic industry is typically 1.5-2 times higher than that of the country's gdp. The main applications downstream are building materials, wind power, and wind power.
Automobiles, electronics, etc. According to a report published by the United States Federation of Fibre and Fibre Industries, Global Market Trends Forecasts and Opportunities Analysis for Fibrous Materials, total global consumption of fibre and fibre composites is expected to grow strongly over the next five years at an annual rate of 8.50 per cent, with a market share expected to reach $108 million in 2022.
With regard to construction materials, the cumulative value of fixed-asset investment (infrastructure) is 3.3% (1.8% in 2018), capital growth is returning and penetration in downstream applications is expected to grow steadily in the future. Domestic infrastructure and real estate are growing at a slower rate; the penetration rate is slowing.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Yang Jian: Together with the Department of Chemicals of the University of Nanjing, University of Rutgers, United States of America, Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology, calculation of the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry. Joined in October 2014 with the People ' s Biological Securities, industrial research on the direction of petrochemical, building materials, 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.