The three-quarterly review of 2021: "Jean Alpha's attributes are clear and profitable." October 30th, 2021.
Kibebe, 1,986 million yuan, +34.90 per cent, meets our expectations; the net profit from withholding is $1,922 million, which is higher than the industry in the first three quarters of life, and stronger Alpha attributes are evident.
In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved a gross operating income of $7,183 million, or +34.93 per cent, which is higher than in the same period, the machine industry increased by 18.11 per cent, and the stronger Alpha attribute continued to be visible. In the sub-operation, we expect the excavator tank/unmarked tank/pump/valve/mada to maintain a high growth rate higher than the industry, with the non-standard/pump/war/mada acceleration ahead of the excavator tank, becoming the first.
Main drivers of performance growth. In a single quarter, the company q3 achieved income of $1,956 million, or +4.73 per cent of the year; it slipped, mainly after the boom in the excavator industry in 2020, with a higher base for the same period; (2) the engineering machinery client was in short-term off-stock window periods, with the effect of a thin season, and downstream demand weakened. Considering: 1q4 is the tradition in the engineering machinery industry,
Construction materials, etc., have stabilized prices, construction rates have recovered, we expect q4 downstream demand to improve, year-round performance  upstream casting home-made + strong R & D drive, and profitability is still outstanding 42.00% of the total M & A rate in the first three quarters of 2021, compared to -0.25 pct, higher prices for raw materials versus cost
The end-effects are small, and we judge that the company's home-made extension of the industry chain enhances cost control. The single q3 combined Māori ratio is 44.61%, compared to +1.63 pct, and we judge that the ratio of products such as the high Māori pump valves has increased. With the steady price of the original q4 material, the high Māori product spread, and the scale effect released, we expect the Māori rate to remain stable throughout the year.
0.64 pct, R & D ratio + 8.87 pct, R & D investment continues to increase to General Hydraulics Platforming Corporation (GSP) to expand R & D layout for the third round of expansion, and non-digging + pump valves are expected to be an important growth pole, according to our previous depth reports, about $20 billion in domestic dredging hydraulics market in 2020 and non-digger fluids.
1. The constant tile hydraulic pressure (601100): is set at 100 million, the penetration rate is extremely low, and the outlook for future expansion is considerable. We judge that the company is increasing its R & D investment into pump valve + non-digging, with the prospect of a new phase of expansion.
The first three quarters of 2021 have seen the growth of the company’s non-trail tank, pump valve revenues counter-drawn, and the motor has entered the jlg supply system, with new orders to be released; the pump valve and non-digger tank operations are expected to continue at a high rate in the coming year as the non-drawn high-altitude operations, pumps, cranes and new sources of energy expand in the future.
Mid-year review: high volumes of business, increase in the third round of expansion of the R & D layout Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are the scarce leader of high-end hydraulics produced in the country, platform-manufacturing skills are strong, no
The non-digging, pump valve business became a new growth pole, and we maintained the company ' s net profit of 27/35/45 billion in 2021-2023, the scarce tap of hydraulics, the pump valve + non-standard remodelling, 2021-07-13.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board