The performance is positive, the pump valves continue to grow at a high rate.
The company published three quarterly reports, and in the third quarter it achieved operating income of $1.956 billion, i.e. + 4.73 per cent. The net return to the mother was $577 million, i.e. +18.71 per cent. The first three quarters realized operating income of $7.183 million, with more hydraulic technology bright spots, and more than expected expansion of non-stamp pump valves.
q3 quarter sales in the excavator industry amounting to 555,000 units, corresponding to 16.01 per cent; company q3 quarter revenue circulation market value (millions): The decline in the operation of the unpolluted fuel tanks, which is effective against the excavator tanks, has led to steady growth in the plates;
On the other hand, the subsidiary hydraulic technology pump valves have continued to increase their market share and the non-pump valves have expanded over expectations and performance. Overall, the first three quarters have been influenced by the continued growth of the domestic downstream industry and the increasing competitiveness of the company’s products, with the company’s sales increasing.
The revenue from the excavator tank product increased by 21 per cent from the same year, while the income from the non-scaling tank product increased by 40 per cent from the same year. The income from the hydraulic pump valve product increased by 51 per cent from the same year.
In the last three quarters, the company ' s Māori rate was 42%, compared to 0.25pt, of which the q3 Mār. 44.61%, the ring 2 regressed by 3.6pt, and it was not easy for the company to maintain a high Māori rate against a background of a significant increase in the cost of raw materials. In the previous three quarters, the net interest rate was 27.71%, equal to the same rate.
The mid-2021 report by the State dollar securities firm, “Assessment of the Prices — Stingle Hydraulic Pressure” (601,100), shows a decrease of 1.22 pct over the same period last year; a 6.73 per cent R & D rate, compared to 352 pc, mainly as a result of the company's continued increase in R & D investment; and a net operating cash flow of $2.107 billion.
This is a steady improvement in the quality of business as compared with 57.59%.
Assessment and evaluation of performance in the first quarter of 2021: bright performance, mid-to-long and long-term, on 31 August, the company released a proposed increase of up to 5 billion dollars for Mexican projects, linear drive projects, R & D centre projects, general hydraulic pump technology adaptation projects, super heavy tank projects and
Replenishment of liquidity. The completion of this incremental project will help companies to further expand their overseas markets, enhance the competitiveness of their product markets, enrich their product systems, upgrade integrated R & D technologies, upgrade their products, and further strengthen their industrial leadership, which is important for sustainable corporate development.
The company’s “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the continued expansion of the company’s pump valve business and the extensive import-substitution space in the corporate hydraulics industry.
Downstream demand falls short of expectations; overseas market risks; and the risk of a decline in the Māori rate.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.