Performance exceeded expectations and product structure optimized - 3-quarter performance rating 2021 Investment rating: buy-in (maintained)
Events: 29 October, company quarterly reports released in 2021, January-September, company revenue of 71.83 billion, an increase of 34.93 per cent over the same period, and net return to mothers of 1.986 billion, an increase of 34.90 per cent over the same period.
It is clear that product structure optimization companies should respond to industry adjustments while at the same time pressing for the cost of metallic materials, and the profitability is stable. Looking ahead, companies will continue to adhere to internationalization strategies, while focusing on research and development, promoting product diversification, increasing the share of non-digging products, and relying on scarcity and productivity.
The firm’s prices are longer than 300 deep, and the ability to iron its performance is more volatile, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The share of non-diggered products continues to rise, and overseas markets outperform the domestic market.
1 Excavator Tank: According to data from the China Engineering Industry Association, 279,000 items were sold in China in January-September 2021, the excavator industry increased by 18 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s revenue from the excavator tank continued its first six months of growth, moving beyond the industry.
The share of the company ' s Digger tank revenue has declined. As far as the city is concerned, according to our calculations, the share of the company country ' s inner Digger tank has risen to about 57%, the industry restructuring phase, the competitiveness of the flagship company ' s products,2 non-scaling tanks: the overall growth has been higher, with a slight increase in the share of the revenue.
On the one hand, the middle-digger pump valves are in the discharge period, and the industry adjustment phase is still better; on the other hand,
The new product expands the application of non-digging machinery, industry, and gradually moves from a test load to a bulk phase, contributing to an increase in performance, and the dependence of companies’ revenues on excavators’ applications continues to decline. Sub-markets suggest that overseas market revenues are growing faster than domestic markets, and globalization strategies are progressing well in North America.
Market growth has been significant, with the start of quantitative supplies to jlig, Gini, Carter (2 pumps); the Japanese and Korean markets have risen steadily, with brands such as Styrote, Kubata, Yoma and others entering the batch phase, while companies have moved into the Pine Supply Chain Certification System, and the tank operations are moving relatively fast.
The product structure optimizes the cost of hedged raw materials, and the profitability remains largely stable. The Māori 1. Patterns open, and the third growth pole of the fixed scale increases, on the one hand, the relative high rate of Māori hydraulic pump valves and the share of non-flagged tanks; and, on the other hand,
Metal materials account for about 35 per cent of the overall cost, have a greater impact on casting, other business effects 2. Performance is expected, increased research and development for wider products is relatively limited, influenced by scale effects, bulk delivery of new products, high-middle-digging ratios, etc.
There has been an increase in the same ratio of hydraulic pump valves, and research and development teams have been active in product upgrades and technological reserves, such as industrial pumps, screw-plug valves, power-scale valves, wire-wiring motors, multi-road valves, etc.
R & D costs are deducted, reducing the income tax contribution by about $75 million. Overall, in January-September, monthly production, non-plate plates continued a high growth trend, while medium- and large-scale pump valve demand was more resilient and higher levels of production were maintained. In the long run, corporate corporate strategic direction remained unchanged, and performance fluctuations were ironed.
This will be further enhanced by: (a) a strategy for internationalization, whereby one of the company's planned projects is to build a Mexican production base and increase radiation in the North American region, which is an important step from the globalization of sales to the globalization of production; and (b) an increase in the share of non-digging products, which is now gradually supplying the area of non-digging machinery.
And industrial areas such as shielding, marine and marine industries, new future products such as linear drives, various general hydraulics, etc., will also expand new areas such as aerospace, medical care, non-digging deficiencies and growth expected by companies in 2022, with the prospect of smoothing their performance and giving a “buy-in” rating.
Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc., have fallen dramatically, new products have been developed at a slower pace than expected, downstream prices have increased, and cost-side pressures have been passed upstream.
Figure 5 Revenues, sales and average prices of the company ' s tanks for 2011-2021h
Figure 10 High-quality corporate customer resources. Investments in infrastructure, real estate, etc., have fallen dramatically, new products have not been developed as fast as expected, downstream price competition has intensified, and pressure at the end has been passed upstream.
In 2018, the crystal ball first produced the report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report were from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report would not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.