Domestic oil and gas are producing efficiently and steadily, and overseas resources are expanding.
On November 26th, Xinjiang's Xinjimousar National Land-collage Oil Demonstration Area has achieved a cumulative yield of millions of tons this year. 1) Changqing oilfield oil and gas equivalents have passed 60 million tons, achieving efficient and stable production: Changqing oilfields are located in the Ordos Basin, and are low seepage, low pressure, low pressure, low pressure, low-yielding, low-yielding oil and gas production.
In the area of resource exploration, the Changqing oil fields have achieved eight important results and advances in areas such as deep coal and gas and the three-sided North Zone, resulting in a breakthrough in the new types of exploration strategy within the basin; in the area of oil and gas development, the Changqing oilfields have combined to promote high-quality, stable and efficient production in the old zone, with a steady rise in crude oil production and a rapid rise in natural gas production, while using new energy operations as an acceleration.
In the Ordos Basin, a strong grip on the construction of new energy systems has led to the creation of energy super-basin carbon-neutral and demonstration zones that build new patterns of wind, light, electricity, and thermal multi-energy complementarities across the board. As of 25 November 2024, the Changqing oil field had achieved more than 60 million tons of efficient and stable production for five consecutive years, and by September 2024, the cumulative oil and gas output of the Changqing oil field had passed over 1 billion tons.
2. The cumulative production of the Xinjiang Quimsar National Land-based Shale Oil Demonstration Area, which is the first country to produce a million tons of land-based shale oil per year, is an emerging, non-conventional oil and gas resource, characterized by low permeability, poor mobility, etc., which is extremely difficult to exploit, which requires drilling of horizontal wells and pressure on oil-bearing shales, artificial cracks in water and support agents, and is subject to global energy requirements.
Since 2020, the Xinjiang oilfields and the Tohhar oil fields have been working together to accelerate the production of additional stocks in the Xinjiang Quimsar National Land-collage Oil Demonstration Area, which now has a cumulative 306 boreholes, with an annual capacity of 2.08 million tons, providing technical lessons for the efficient development of non-conventional oil reserves in the country.
The cumulative production of the Garang Quimsar National Land-column Oil Demonstration Area reached 10,06 million tons. 3) The company won the Suriname block and marched into the South American Sea oil and gas operation: according to the company's network, on September 13th, the Chinese oil company, the China Oil Unit, and the Suriname National Oil Company ( "Su State Oil"), officially signed the 14 blocks of the Suriname Shoe Sea and the 14 blocks of the Suriname Sea.
The winning bid was China’s first realization of oil and gas exploration, development and operation in Suriname’s oil and gas block, with 70% of the company’s contractual interest and the right to operate, and the remaining 30% of the contract interest in the oil company Poc. Guyana-Suriname block was a hotspot in recent years for global oil and gas exploration, with a high potential for storage. Under the “one-way” initiative, China’s oil advance was launched in South America.
Quality marine oil and gas resources, contributing to the rapid development of the oil and gas industry in Suriname.)opec+ is expected to continue to extend the voluntary cut in production time, and oil prices are expected to hit the bottom: iea, eia ' s latest November report indicates that in 2024 the demand for crude oil was increased from 860,000 barrels per day to 920,000 barrels per day and eia was able to increase the demand for crude oil from 910,000 barrels per day in 2024 to 990,000 barrels per day
By the end of the year, 2.2 million barrels per day of voluntary reductions were extended to the end of December 2024, but there were reports of zeropec+ or further delays in the production increase plan. US shale capital expenditure was insufficient, shale oil production was limited, strategic oil reserves were in the replenishment phase, and countries such as Russia, Iraq, Kazakhstan and others were expected to continue to implement compensatory cuts, with an overall supply bias.
In terms of resource exploration, the Changqing field has achieved eight important results and advances in areas such as deep coal, gas, and the three-sided North Zone, and has achieved a sudden start in the new types of exploration strategy within the basin.
In the field of oil and gas development, the Changqing oilfields have combined to promote high-quality, stable and efficient production in the old zone, achieving a steady rise in crude oil production and a rapid rise in natural gas production, while using the new energy business as a strong grip on accelerating the construction of a new energy system, spearheading the construction of energy in the Eldos Basin, a super-basin carbon neutral and demonstration zone, with a full range of wind, light, electricity, heat-rich complementarities.
The field has achieved more than 60 million tons of efficient and stable production for five consecutive years, and as of September 2024, the cumulative oil and gas output of the Changqing oil fields has passed over 1 billion tons.
Shale oil is an emerging, non-conventional oil and gas resource, characterized by low permeability and poor liquidity, which is extremely difficult to exploit. The development process involves drilling horizontal wells and crushing oil-bearing shales, artificial cracks in water and support agents, and is influenced by the continued growth of global energy demand, the decline in conventional oil and gas resources, and the continued upturning of market demand for shale oil.
Xinjiang Xinjimousal National Land-based Shale Oil Demonstration Area, which has a cumulative capacity of 306 boreholes and has an annual capacity of up to 2.08 million tons, provides a technical basis for the efficient development of non-conventional oil reserves in the country. As of 26 November 2024, the Xinjimousar National Land-based Shale Demonstration Area had a cumulative production of 1,006 tons.
According to the company's network news, on September 13th, the China Oil Company, a subsidiary of the China Oil Stock Company, and the Suriname State Oil Company ( "Su Nations Oil") formally signed a contract for the division of petroleum products between Suriname's shallow 14 blocks and 15 blocks. This bid is the first time that the Chinese company has signed a contract for the division of petroleum products between Suriname's shallow sea blocks and Suriname's national oil companies.
Guyana-Suriname is a global hotspot for oil and gas exploration in recent years, with a high potential for storage. Under the “one-way” initiative, this time, China's oil and gas boom in South America has opened up its high-quality marine oil and gas resources and contributed to the rapid development of the oil and gas industry in Suriname.
At the end of November 2024, 0pec+ member countries had reduced production by 5.86 million barrels per day, known as opec+ or further delayed production. Currently, there is insufficient capital spending on shale oil in the United States, limited overall production of shale oil, and strategic oil reserves.
In the supplemental phase, countries such as Russia, Iraq, Kazakhstan and others are expected to continue to implement compensatory reductions, supply-side constraints, and oil prices are expected to remain medium- and high-level in view of the higher fiscal balance costs of Oec+.
The risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of natural disasters; the risk of new projects not being produced as expected; geopolitical risks; policy risks: China Oil (601857.sh) - Active implementation of the “go-out” strategy, rapid development of overseas projects - 2024-09-10 The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author