In the evening of 29 October 2024, China Oil released its third quarterly report for 2024. In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved operating income of 22,562,279 million yuan, a decrease of 1.13 per cent, compared to the previous quarter.
In the first three quarters, the performance of the operation was robust, the oil and gas operations increased significantly, and the refining and marketing panels were weak. \triangleright Oil Price End, international oil price booms in the first three quarters of 2024, followed by oil price hikes in the first half of the year
In the third quarter, the northern hemisphere was driving the season to support the upturn in international oil prices, followed by a seasonal fall in oil demand, a weakening of the global macroeconomic situation, a slowdown in geologic concerns, and a drop in international oil prices. In the first three quarters of 2024, the average price of Brent's oil was 81.6 per cent.
US$/barrell, which is almost the same as the same period last year, averaged $78.7/barrel in the third quarter.
In general, the company's upstream and natural gas sales plates contribute more sharply to the company's profitability, with oil, gas and new energy plates experiencing negative growth in the context of three quarters of falling oil prices;
The refining plate and the finished oil sales plate were influenced by weak domestic demand for finished oils, low levels of manufacturing, and a decline in operating profits. The increase in oil and gas production continued, and the new energy business developed rapidly.
In the case of crude oil, 708.3 million barrels of crude oil were produced in the previous three quarters, compared to +0.3 per cent, of which 585.4 million barrels of domestic crude oil were produced, compared to +0.3 per cent, and 122.9 million offshore crude oil production.
10,000 barrels, +0.6 per cent; for natural gas, the company could sell 634 million barrels of oil equivalent in the previous three quarters, + 4.0 per cent in the same year, with 611 million barrels of oil equivalent in the domestic gas production, + 4 per cent in the same year, 23 million barrels of oil equivalent in the offshore gas production, + 4.2 per cent in the same period, and oil and gas.
Production has increased steadily. In the new energy sector, companies have accelerated the development of hydrocarbon exploration and the integration of new energy sources, with 3.36 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of wind power generated in the previous three quarters, compared to 128.6 per cent in the previous three quarters, and companies have maintained rapid growth in wind-optic power generation, geothermal, hydrogen, etc.
The company continues to optimize the pool of resources and the cost of purchasing, and the profits from the sale of natural gas have increased significantly.
The average realization price for gas sales was almost the same as last year, with an increase in profits or a major increase in the size of 1 127 Mumenxi Street in Beijing's West Side.
The main sources of the company's gas pool are Qatar, Australia, and a combination of suppliers, with a relatively balanced share.
In terms of marketing strategies, the Department optimizes market layout and distribution flows by means of sales such as on-line sales, off-the-shelf sales. In the first three quarters, companies achieved 20,98 billion cubic metres of natural gas sales, compared to +8.6 per cent, of which domestic sales were made.
Natural gas sales were 16.3 billion cubic metres, compared to 4.9 per cent in the same year, and downstream plate operations showed some decline, with production of new materials growing rapidly.
The company’s flexible pressure on diesel output has been reduced. The demand for coal from the finished oil sales plate has remained growing rapidly, but the sales of diesel fuel from the company have declined owing to factors such as the replacement of new energy cars. The total volume of oil sold from the company’s finished oils in the previous three quarters was 11.9 million tons, compared to the same amount--
In recent years, the corporate chemical section has continued to increase its efforts to develop high-end products, while launching the Blue Sea New Materials Project, with a continuous upgrading of the product structure, with companies achieving a volume of 2,864 million tons of chemical products in the previous three quarters, an increase of 9.7 per cent compared to the previous three quarters; and a production of 162 million tons of new chemical materials, an increase of the same amount.
RMB 11.8 billion, RMB 15.9 billion, RMB 3.5 billion, RMB + 3.4 billion, of which 1.3 billion, RMB - 2.2 billion, RMB 400 million, RMB - 1.6 billion in the third quarter.
In the first three quarters, the chemical panels were repaired on a profitable basis, but the refining operations and the sale of finished oils were delayed, and the performance of the refined and finished oil sales plates was weakened in the third quarter. The company’s “high return on improvement” programme was located, with a greater value for long-term investments.
The programme of action “Survey efficiency gains and returns” was considered and adopted, covering, inter alia, five main areas of enhancing corporate value creation capacity, raising the level of returns, stimulating innovation, enhancing market identity and strengthening market value management. We believe that, when the company programme is on the ground, it will enhance value creation, shareholders and equity.
Rewards, technological innovations, etc. have some strategic direction, with companies investing 8.24 times the value of their long-term investments. We appreciate the long-term value of their investments, as reflected in the firm's robust performance growth trends as domestic oil and gas taps and in the corporate efficiency and return strategy, and we maintain the company.
Risk factors: below the expected risk of production in increased reserves; risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of the company's new build-up capacity failing to produce as expected; risk of downstream demand not being repaired as expected; new energy sources; Dr. Wing, University of Mines, China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Geological Mineral Economics, China
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director at the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Central and Specialized Carbon Research Committee of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., and led research on medium and long-term projections of energy consumption.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Master of Financial Sciences, University of Southwest Finance and Economics. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.