Three-quarter new sole-infusion, with the end of the liability performing better than his partner Events: China Taibo published three-quarterly reports in 2021, generating business income of $35.93 billion, compared to China Taipa (601601.sh)
In the first three quarters, the company achieved 22,690 million yuan, or 15.2%. The company's net profit was +15.2%.
Three-quarter pressure on the life insurance policy. The revenue from the insurance premium was $18,179.6 million in the previous three quarters, i.e. 2.4 per cent compared to 2,4 per cent, mainly due to new pre-period obligations and a decrease in the policy retention rate, resulting in a high loss of sales personnel and a high level of agent quality and client insurance.
The impact of demand mismatches is that the company's new single-manufacturing pressure of three quarters has led to the introduction of a new monochrome system in the first three quarters and to the gradual landing of the long-distance plan phase of the construction map, which will further strengthen the performance of its personnel and increase the ability of its marketing staff to produce.
Non-car insurance increases the insurance premium for movable property. In the previous three quarters, the insurance premium was $11,8994 million \triangleright, or +3.0%.
The cost is equal to 8.0%, which is an increase over the first half of the year. As the impact is phased out, the size of the insurance premium will continue to be explored by companies in the future, with a view to strengthening their clientele and fine-tuning their management, it is expected that the company’s leadership will be further consolidated.
Investment returns are robust. Combined effects of three-quarter interest rate shocks in the domestic market, increased stock index fluctuations, the company ' s net asset rate of return and total asset rate of return for the previous three quarters - 0.3 pct, profit projections and investment ratings: taking into account the firm ' s increased strength and the population ' s exposure to insurance production
But, under Mr. Choi’s leadership, the company’s life insurance policy has accelerated its strategic transformation to create a high-quality workforce and “products plus uniforms.”
In the long run, the company's profile in the big, healthy and old-age industry has gradually deepened, creating differentiated advantages through services and upgrading users.
Sticky, anti-breeding insurance, fast-tracking the blue sea of old-age insurance.
• Risk factors: less than expected growth in the agent trade; less than expected change in life insurance;
Significant decline in productive capacity; sharp drops in investment returns due to large fluctuations in capital markets; lower interest rates will narrow the range of fixed interest rate instruments and affect accounting profits.
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research.
Wang Ring, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, Boston University, United States, November 2019, Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Center, and studied non-banking finance. Win Shrebang, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Kwangdan, formerly worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., and joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Corporation in May 2021.
Sun Siu, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Hong Kong, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2021 to work in small and medium-sized municipalities, which have no connection, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.