The leading and dominant car parts, the Chinese car (600741.sh), intelligent + electrodynamic + light-quantified combinations.
The country’s automobile complex, with its diversified business layout and the gradual opening up of the intelligent transformation firm’s deep-seated auto parts and components business for more than 30 years, has grown into a domestic complex of auto parts and components.
The company’s client structure continues to be optimized, with extensive collaboration with luxury brands such as Mercedes, BMW, Odys and new drivers such as Tesla and Biadi, with a larger share of customers outside the upper-mortality group.
Increased income diversification and stability. In traditional business, seating, headlight development, faster transformation of “intelligent, electric, lightweight” 1. Corporate seating and headlight operations are firmly at the forefront of the country, and equity integration is self-controllable.
Business is the foundation of the company, which together contributes about 70% of the company’s operating income. The company has completed the consolidation of the shares of Shanghai’s small and Yangfontao, renamed China Visuals and Longfist International, respectively, and is responsible for running the public and seating lights. The company’s seating and seating operations account for 24% of the country’s domestic municipality and 28% of the country’s lighting industry.
Qin’s Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Xiaoyu is at the top of the list, with a strong leader. 2 - All-round deployment of new energy vehicle spare parts, national production replacement prospects, and future growth of cars.
There is a clear trend towards electricization and intelligent transformation, and companies are actively responding to trends in the automobile market, shifting their operations in a timely manner.
Intelligent: In the smart cabin area: Yamtung, a joint venture of companies, built smart cabin products such as xim21s, xim21s, and the City of Smart Airspace Controls is in the first line of the industry; In the smart driving sector, the company achieves millimetre wave radar, line control moves yield and acquires project fixation;
In visual terms, companies have many cutting edge smart-light technologies, and future applications are promising. Electricization: companies cover electric parts and components in a variety of areas such as power drivers, heat management, electronic braking, etc.
Small Quantities: Light Quantified Low Disk, Aluminum Batteries, Heat-formed Steels, Light Quantified Technologies, Battery Box Technologies, Volkswagen Masses, Volkswagen Volkswagen Cars, Tesla Project Points, Hot
The shape of the steel car has been fixed with a Teslamodel3 model. The investment proposal is that the company is a leading domestic manufacturer of parts and components, that the traditional interior business is firmly at the forefront of the country, and that intellectual + electrodynamic + light-quantified transformation will create a new business growth point.
The increase in the rate, the opening of the up-to-date cycle of ownership of the autonomous brand ownership plant, and the acceleration of the build-up of national production of the core parts and components, with company-related products expected to rely on excellence for more project targeting and for corporate business transformation Drivers, key assumptions and major projections:
The company is the leading domestic manufacturer of spare parts, the traditional interior industry is firmly at the forefront of the country, and intelligent + electrodynamic + lightly quantified transformations will create new business growth points. With the increased penetration of new domestic energy vehicles, the boom in the market of autonomous brand ownership, the acceleration of the build-up of national production of core spare parts, the company’s products are expected to gain more from excellence.
The company is a subsidiary of the upper-mortality group, and the upper-mortality-related revenues contribute almost half of the revenue. The marketing of products is closely related to the upper-mortality group’s development.
We believe that the pace of growth of corporate market-based strategies has accelerated, with a downward trend in the share of earnings of out-of-group clients, and that companies are working with a wide range of external customers, including new drivers of car-making, such as high and high cars, Tesla, and income diversification and expansion. The pattern of the auto parts market is relatively fragmented, competitive, and the market is worried about the structure of the product, which is dominated by car and interior accessories.
We believe that, in the light of the intellectualization of new energy vehicles, the trend towards electricization, the gradual emergence of national production alternatives in terms of robust supply chains, flexibility in customer customization, and value for money, corporate intelligence + electrodynamic + light-quantified transitions at a robust pace, with broad recognition of smart coaches, smart drivers, smart-lights, etc., as represented by airspace controls, wire control, smart-car lights, etc.
The growth in upper-mortality sales is expected to open the door to growth in corporate revenue. A company’s new signing strategy with the new power of car-making, represented by the new external energy mainframe, will help to upgrade the company’s product.
A new breakthrough in the production of cutting-edge technology research and development in such areas as new energy vehicle-related carlights, electronics, etc., would be beneficial to the growth of the company’s product power.
The risk of a new coronary epidemic having an adverse impact on automobile sales.2 The risk of production capacity being limited due to a shortage of chips.3 The risk of increased competition at home and abroad.
i. Traditional parts and components taps, diversified expansion around intelligence (i) domestic automobile parts and components taps, diversified business layout, integrated car parts and components for more than 30 years in a deep-cultivated car spare parts business covering more than 40 business areas
The company has industrial technologies such as smart driving aids, smart cabins, smart licences, information and entertainment systems, new energy power-drive systems, and aluminium technology. The company has invested directly in 32 companies, with 465 research and development manufacturing bases across the globe, a well-developed global layout and a leading integrated power industry.
Shanghai Bus Industries Ltd., a Shanghai public utility system founded in Shanghai, landed in 1996. In 2009, the Shanghai bus was re-assessed and the Shanghai Auto-Industries General Corporation (SIG) injected the independent supply of spare parts into bus shares and changed its name to China Auto-Systems Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Shanghai Motors”) and changed its shareholders to Shanghai Motors.
In 2011, the Shanghai Automotive Industry Company transferred all shares of the company held to Shanghai Motors Group Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the Shanghai Steam Group”), and the controlling shareholders of the company changed to the upper Stewardship Group, which actually controlled the SCM.
The company has continuously optimized its business structure since it was listed, forming five major business plates with a comprehensive and diversified layout. After the reorganization of its assets, the company's main business changed to car parts, and the company's initial internal and external accessories and functionality were derived from subsidiaries such as the Shanghai Auto-Industries, the Tri-Electrified Mothers, etc.
The company then optimizes its business structure through the acquisition, sale, etc., and pre-arranged smartness and new energy vehicle operations, which now form five major operations: internal and external accessories, functional totals, thermal processes, electronics, metal formations, and moldings.
In the interior and interior apparel business, the company acquired 100 per cent of the stock in long-flash apparel in 2013 and in 2021 completed the acquisition of the subsidiary's minority shareholding in Yan Antao to achieve autonomous control of the car seat business; in addition, in 2018, the company completed the acquisition of 50 per cent of the share in the small-lighted car and renamed it Chinese visual, autonomously controlling the car lighting system and running it.
In terms of the functional component, the company adheres to a “roll-in” strategy of strategic exit from car seals, car wires, two traditional operations of low value and low profitability, starting in 2014 with adas and millimetres of radar technology.
In 2017, became the country ' s first autonomous provider of millimetre-wave radar for volume production, and in 2021, the company ' s autonomous 4d imaging-millimeter-wave radar product received a full-car project fix, and is accelerating the development of a front-vision camera based on its own primary sensor plus multiple millimetre-wave radar (nr1v) integration system development and solid-state laser mines.
With regard to metal formation and molding, in 2021 the company completed the integrated management of the Šekoli Module with the Chinese territory body, integrating the resources of both sides in depth, accelerating the transformation of its operations, and continuously strengthening its combined capacity in light-quantified areas of operations such as new energy battery cartridges, body cover, fabrics and molds.
With regard to electronics, in 2011, the company set up the China field electric power, officially moved into the area of power-driven power, in 2018, in 2018, in 2018, in Washington, D.C. Magnus, in 2021, in 2021, in which it accelerated the layout of the power-driven power-driven system, and in 2021, in which it created a new Volvo-type vehicle-type auxiliary platform product, leading to a high power-driven platform.
Market-based applications of power generators; high-power platform power-drive system products successfully developed in Magner, China, to obtain the current company product of the Great Wall ' s car-related vehicle model. In terms of the thermal processors, the company acquired German fully-owned subsidiaries of the German Kspg Group in 2014
Alutech has a 50% stake in a light-quantified business, and now the company has a light-quantized Aluminium in regional markets in Europe, the United States, Korea, Australia and South-East Asia.
Figure 3: The stock structure and subsidiaries of the Volkswagen Cars in 2021 are rich in variety and extensive in terms of their business expansion. The Chinese Car Products are mainly five large plates of smartness and interconnectivity (Saveman, Longline Electronics, etc.), electric systems (Walk, Wirtschaftsprüfer, Magnus, etc.), light numerals (St. De Man, Shanghai, etc.)
Shanghai Secoli, etc.), the chassis system (Shanghai conglomerates) and the interior and interior adornment system (Shanghai conglomerates, etc.), the five main products are working together, and the corporate product lines are expanding. Internal and external accoutrements are core business and the business income structure is largely stable.
External accessories, metal formations and moldings, functionality, electronics, thermal processing, new energy, etc., of which the interior and external apparel business was the company core business. In 2021, the Chinese car interior and interior adornment business received $9.04 billion, or 64.6 per cent, an increase of 1.91 per cent compared to the previous year.
(ii) “Meditualized” strategic client structure is continuously optimized, parent company upper-mortality groups are selling back-to-combating company fundamentals
With a “neutral” strategy, the client structure is constantly improving. The Chinese automobile is a subsidiary of the upper-bond group, restructured as an independent supplier of spare parts to the upper-bond group before the market, and the company then develops a “neutral” strategy, which involves a substantial expansion of customers other than the parent company and a shift to market depth.
In 2021, by aggregate calibre, 49.2% of the company’s principal business income came from a full-scale customer outside the upper-mortality group, with an increase in the contribution of the outside-group customer to the company’s income.
There are good long-term partnerships between the country's major whole-of-car enterprises, including general-of-a-bang, general-of-a-bang, Chang Anfort, dragon-car, modern Beijing, Japanese-of-the-bang, passenger-car, Great Wall, Jiang Xiao, Guang-bang, North Gas, Gilli-car, etc., which cover companies in overseas markets, including Mercedes, BMW, Ford, the general-of-a-broads, customer groups, etc.
In July of 2022, the car market continued with a good recovery, and the previous cities represented by the epidemic had resumed their pace of production.
In July 2022, up-to-date groups achieved 507,000 sales, corresponding to +43.7 per cent, ring + 4.8 per cent, new sources, 106,000, corresponding to +118.07 per cent, ring +15.6 per cent, monthly new energy vehicles, and record high sales. In January-July, up-to-date fleet sales totalled 2,741.1 million, an increase of 3.44 per cent; of these, new energy vehicles cumulatively sold to 4,983,000, the same amount.
As the parent of a Chinese automobile, the overall recovery in the sale of the upper-mortality group has underpinned the growth in the sales of the public sector’s spare parts, which is important to ensure a steady increase in the company’s revenue for the current year. Wisdom has been delivered, helping to raise the image of the brand.
The latest new energy vehicle, the Dynamic and Pro versions, sold at a price of $36.88 million and $40.88 million respectively, is a large pure sedan in positioning. In contrast to the competitive car type, it has a larger size, inner space, and torque, and its overall performance is in the first class of a car with the same price. In addition, it carries 12 cameras, 2 laser radars, 5 millimeter waves.
Radar and 12 ultrasound radar hardware equipment can be used automatically at the level of 1-4 when permitted by law, with technology at the highest level in the industry. The dlp, isc light module on board was developed jointly by the smart-ass car and Chinese visuals. After opening the first round at the end of June, the volume of 1051 vehicles was accumulated at the level of 1 7 and will help to upgrade the fleet as sales rise in the future.
The new energy self-empowerment brand image underpins the development of smart parts and components for cars in China. (iii) Focus on the layout of smart lanes, leading Chinese “think” companies are accelerating the transformation of traditional car parts and components suppliers to intelligent solutions providers.
The Bureau's smart seat, smart driving, three-power system core technology, industry modules covering a more complete system of the assembly supply chain, which is in the first rows of each segment of the track. Over the last 10 years, the company has developed a more complete supply chain system of new energy car parts and components, consisting mainly of the intelligent domain, three power (cells, power drives, power controls) through mergers, autonomous R & D, and expansion of the layout.
In 2021, companies sold 2,124,000 units, i.e. +159.98% of the same year, and power-driven systems sold 584,000 units.
Traditional business is solid and intelligent + electricization + light and quantitative transformation accelerates The corporate product structure model is advanced and varied. The product structure of the company is the 3+2+1 model, and “3” means three specialized modules: smart network integration, electrodynamicization and light quantification; “2” means two integrated platforms: interior and interior accessories; and “1”
In the past, the electronic and electrical structure of cars was distributed, with different ecu performing different functions for driving cars, and moving with the intelligentness of cars.
By functional attributes, the centralized structure can be divided into five core domains, namely, smart driving, smart cabin, body control, bottom-disk, power. The company has five core domains.
Products, many of which are core parts and components products, traditional products with a strong corporate base, mature product systems, innovative products, extensive research and development efforts by companies, which are now beginning to be scaled up and products are increasingly recognized by mainstream mainframes. (i) Smart transformation: smart pods plus smart drivers plus intelligent visual multidimensional swathes
1.1 Smart cabins: follow industry trends, build competitively differentiated products, build hardware upgrades such as multiple screen connections, and advance software such as smart web links, which provide a good basis for intelligent cabins. As the cabins develop, the mechanized module evolves towards an electronic module, and the mechanical disks are gradually upgraded to LCD meters, radios, tape players, etc.
In recent years, intelligent hardware penetration, such as high-calculation chips, multiscreen connections, hud upshows, network communications, streaming media rearview mirrors, etc., has continued to increase, as well as information-based features such as navigation, games, artificial intelligent voice, urban life services, and the remote upgrade of the ota, have gradually opened up the imagination.
According to the icvtank, China’s smart cabin market is expected to reach 103 billion in 2025, and the smart cabin has become the core area in which short-term firms can build differentiated competitiveness in their products, with a single-car value still rising. The new power of car construction, represented by Tesla and WikiLeaks, aims to make differentiated products competitive, bringing smart coaches to cars.
Consumers' definition of automobiles has evolved from simple mobility tools to intelligent travel & recreation vehicles, consumer habits with respect to tactile screens, smart voice, mobile phone apps, etc. have spread smoothly to smart cabin scenes, and consumer demand for smart cabins is expanding in many dimensions. Car intelligence consists mainly of smart cabins and autopilots, subject to policy regulations, artificial intelligence algorithms, etc.
In the near future, with the gradual penetration of high-value smart components, the opening of smart compartments to the size of the ceiling can add up to 6,000 yuan to the value of each part of the smart cabin.
On the one hand, unlike a broad group of customers of international manufacturers, domestic suppliers are concentrated in domestic mainframes, closely connected to customers, and able to reach them.
At the same time, in response to client demand, and in the light of the trend towards software and hardware decoupling as a result of the changes in smart cabin products, the suppliers’ close communication with customers has helped to accelerate the upgrading of the system’s hardware and software and to increase product differentiation; on the other hand, local suppliers have a stable flow and supply chain system, highlighting cost advantages in international competition.
Intelligent cabin products from local suppliers like Westway, Huayang Group, China and India enter Uji, Biadei, and the Great Wall, relying on the international smart cabin solution provider, Wai Shih-Tung, and the domain control product is in the first line of industry.
He's a well-known international automobile electronics company, with clients such as Ford, Madhuda, General, BMW, Odys, and the ability to provide a one-stop smart cabin solution for customers, with the production of car-borne information and entertainment systems, LCD dashboards, Hud, etc., all in the first international echelons. The company relies on the high quality of its resources and technology.
In 2020, the stock of the smart airspace controllers reached 7.84%, after Desai Siwi (10.86%) and East Soft Wiesi (10.32%), third in the industry, and there is wide scope for development, with companies focusing on traditional interior and interior adornments, laying the foundation for smart cabin products.
In 2021, the longline car apparel system Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "the long-fault apparel") achieved operating income of 88,868 million yuan, or 68.8% of the company's revenues, and the interior and external adornment business was the company's most basic and core business. The interior and external adornment business consisted mainly of interiors, outdoors, seats, car electronics, etc., and the breakdowns were carried out by different subsidiaries or joint ventures.
This is the largest component of the interior and interior. It is also the core part of the smart cabin.
Sitting Systems Ltd. (hereinafter “Yanfeng International”) operated by Yanfeng International, formerly known as Yanfeng Angdao Seats Ltd. (former Yanfeng Jiangsen Sea chairs, hereinafter referred to as “Yangong Angtao”), which was established in 1997 with 50.01% shareholding in the Yagdang Array, 49.99% shareholding in the Angdao, 2021, where the Yagffun Cart completed the acquisition of 49.99% shareholding in Ando.
After years of development, longline International completed the vertical integration of the industrial chain and is now the country’s largest vehicle seat supplier, with 19 countries exporting products, with more than 35 production and R & D bases in the country and over 10,000 employees. Longline International provides seats and spare parts for about 30% of China’s cars.
The company is in a better position as a leader in the competitively dispersed seating industry. The seat is the most expensive in the interior and the interior.
Large business, the company ' s domestic car seat market was 24% in 2020, and in the context of the fragmented overall competition in the car seat industry, the firm ' s leading position within the industry was evident. In 2021, Yasmin International achieved business income of $29.2 billion, an increase of 3.2%, a single car seat price of $5,700 per set, an increase of $360 per set from $5340 per set in 2020, and a higher volume of corporate products, which helped to increase the price of the company ' s products.
The company already has the capability to provide smart cabin solutions, product-based design and technological innovation. The company’s cabin products are modular, blocked to meet the different needs of different car manufacturers and, based on technology, to upgrade design senses and internal comfort.
In 2020, Yammer released an autonomous R & D design Xim21 smart module with advanced configurations such as multiple screen interactions, smart temperature control systems, and memory. In 2021, the company introduced the Xim21s concept. Compared to driving experience in xim21, Xim218 focuses more on the mental emotional needs of the crew and on travelling experiences. Upgraded at xim218 over six dimensions.
Functional design, including long-sliding, zero-gravity seats, smart surfaces, one-way wheels, smart switches, and display integration programs. In addition, the smart surface of the Xim21s smart module has chosen to poison uv-c light, providing new features that can meet consumer needs in the context of outbreak control.
1.2 Smart driving: millimetre wave radar plus line control moves to enhance intelligent manufacturing capability Autopilot means taking over all of the drivers by means of the sensor layer of the vehicle, the decision layer, and the implementation of the driver's operation at the executive level. The high-level driving support system (adas) consists of three components: sensors installed on the vehicle to measure the perimeter of the vehicle.
Environmental information, transmitted to computers for static, dynamic object identification and detection (sense layer): computer analysis in conjunction with information such as high-precision maps, gps, car networking etc. (decision layer); auto-control of vehicle movement, replacement of driver ' s automatic driving classification, combined with the extent to which automated driving systems can perform dynamic driving tasks, driver role allocation, yes
Unpermissible regulatory restrictions, among other things, place autopilots from low to high grades 11-15, of which levels 1-1 and 1-2 are fatal, known as “Driving Auxiliary Systems” and 13-l5. The country has low penetration of adas, and the future market is promising. The level of global car intelligence is now generally at the level of 1.2.
At this stage, automobile manufacturers are committed to the development of advanced driving aids (adas) as a means of entering the intelligent driving domain. Our adas installation rate is expected to increase from 26.4% in 2020 to 65% in 2025, with a high growth rate.
308 million yuan was spent on the development of an intelligent driving active sensor system, with an earlier intelligent car layout. Figure 22: Global autopilot penetration in 2025. Figure 24: Principal adas functional penetration in 2021 (%)
millimetre wave radar: adas basic hardware equipment, with broad development prospects \triangleright multisensor programme mainstreamed, millimetre wave radars gain wide application space based on high-quality performance and reliability.
At the perception level, there are currently two realization options, one for pure visual algorithms, which relies solely on vehicle-borne cameras for information-gathering, and the other for which too many cameras have captured 2d images to map to 3d space, which imposes higher requirements for algorithm accuracy and arithmetic levels, and for safety and reliability in harsh environments, with Tesla as the main promoter:
The DUI programme is designed to increase the sensitivity and accuracy of environmental perception by adding sensors to the camera, and the multisensor programme, with its higher safety redundancy, has gained the popularity of multiple mainframe adas plants as the current mainstream adas programme. Sensors include millimetre wave radars, laser radars and ultrasound radars, with millimetre wave radars working in millimetre wave bands (30-300 ghz).
The distance to detect and adapt to harsher environments, such as heavy rains, fogs, night-time cars, is a core component of the multisensor approach. The millimetre-wave radar market is vast, and domestic manufacturers are expected to accelerate the break-in on the basis of cost and supply-chain advantages.
Growing into a core competition area for new energy hosts, the new vehicle type generally pre-positions high-level autopilot-related hardware, and the millimetre Boreda provides a huge market space. His predicts that the global market for millimetre-wave radar will reach $26.3 billion in 2025, with a 30% compound growth rate in 2021-2025.
32.3 per cent), mainland (23.9 per cent), Ambofo (9.6 per cent), the large motor parts supply giants such as electric appliances, Heila and Fareo have a high voice in this area, and domestic vehicle-car-mounted millimetre wave radar is still in its infancy. The negative impact of the lack of core on domestic car sales in 2021 highlights the urgency of national alternatives, and the global supply chain for auto parts is still not fully restored, compared to that of domestic car parts.
International manufacturers, domestic manufacturers, have some advantages in terms of cost and customization of R & D packages, and in the medium and long term, national production substitution for a Chinese-owned car millimetre Wave Radar layout was earlier, and the national production replacement will expand the company ' s development space. In 2014, Chinese cars opened their intelligent R & D with a milli-mip radar. In 2018, the Chinese-owned vehicle 's 24ghz back-to-millimetered wave radar was realized.
A total of 16,922 batches were produced throughout the year as the country’s first autonomous producer of millimetre-wave radars to produce the volume. In 2021, Yaonehu Wei-Tung released an autonomous 4d imaging-mm-wave radar product that formed pre-radars, imaging radars, angular radars, intra-carried vital signs surveillance radars, electric door radars, etc., and captured product lines that basically covered the complete demand of adas for millimetre-wave radars.
The full-car project has been targeted, and a small batch of commercial drivers, such as Amigo Tide, has now been delivered. Compared to the traditional millimetre wave radar, the detection distance for 4d imaging millimetre-mural radar products has increased by 50%, the distance for pedestrians can reach 150 metres, and the distance for vehicles and other objects can be 300 metres. At the same time, a front-vision camera based on the autonomous sensors has increased by more than 300 metres.
The development of a millimetre-wave radar (nriv) integration system, as well as the collaborative development of solid-state laser radars, is proceeding as planned. There is no scope for developing companies in the context of national production alternatives as the technology for millimetre-wave radar products matures and evolves. Line control: the start-up phase, where the future blue sea lies.
The \triangleright line control is still in its early stages and the market is promising. The chassis is a key enforcement layer for smart driving technology, which is used to achieve precision control of vehicles after receiving instructions. The line control is one of the key technologies for smart chassis, level 1 and above.
The conventional brake system is powered by brake pedals that are transferred to brakes by hydraulic or air pressure pipe, while the wire control system converts all driver actions into a telecommunications signal, controls the implementing agency by a telecommunications signal, brakes the pressure response more quickly, helps to achieve shorter brake distances and improves the compatibility and safety of autopilots.
At present, electrolytic pressure (ehb) and electromechanic brakes (emb) are the two main types of wire control systems, which, in terms of the development stage, are still in the early stages of development, with the latter mostly deployed in hybrid and electric new energy vehicles, while the emb system is still in the research phase.
With the gradual penetration of new energy vehicles, and smart driving technologies at and above, future line-control markets are expected to grow in an outbreak. Line-control markets are monopolized by the world, and domestic manufacturers are catching up.
In January-May 2022, the BMW accounted for 89.4% of the market, with a monopoly of between second and fifth in terms of management (4.3%), Ceefu (1.5%), Mandu (1.3%) and Nathan (0.8%). Domestic manufacturers are still catching up with outsiders, and no national producers have yet been able to take advantage of it.
In the broader context of domestic substitution, the prospects for the development of domestic components producers remain broad. Figure 27: Global Line Control of Competition Patterns in the Industry
I'm going to have to do something about it.
The Chinese automobile company, Shanghai, has achieved a large volume increase in its market share. The Chinese car company, Shanghai, formally entered the electronic auto brake industry in 2016, started developing e-booster products, launched the next generation of e-booster products in 2017, and succeeded in acquiring the new North Gas e-booster in 2018.
In addition, e-booster has responded quickly, with a short brake distance, to be applied to emergency self-inflicted vehicles.
In the future, the development of e-booster-based electronics will become a strong corporate intelligence visual: the headlights are deep, the smart lights control system continues to be upgraded and the application is accelerated.
Carlight products will be technologically diverse and are expected to strengthen their technical properties. The lights are divided into front and rear lights, which include: long-lights, near-lights, turnlights, fog lights, etc. The rear lights include: turnlights, fog lights, reverse lights, brake lights, etc. At this stage, both light and laser lamps have performed well in lighting performance and energy consumption levels, and are now the dominant group.
Subject to cost considerations, led lamps are used more widely, while laser lamps are used more frequently in high-end luxury models. With the intelligentization of new energy vehicles, the lighting function begins to move from traditional lighting to intelligent control, and intelligent functions like car interaction, car traffic, etc. are gradually being enriched, with the increased value of vehicle lamps becoming a major trend.
Smart car lamps are self-adapted using smart algorithms based on the traditional lighting features of car lights, from which they are used to interact with people and cars. Smart car lighting technologies currently include afs (from the front lights), adb (from the far lights), dlp (the projectors), etc. The company has a layout. In 2021, the company ' s smart car lights interactive system.
Million pixels dlp digital headlamps, end-and-end ISD digital interactive taillights, and control systems lightingmasters, among other products, produce and produce in quantities related to cars such as smart-ass cars, high-coupled cars, etc. The company has a number of hard-core Led lights, leading the forward-looking layout.
In 1999, Santanald's high-level brake lamps were produced, by 2009 the volume of double-coloured mirrors for the Odyq 5 front lights was to be used, by 2013 the E16led front fog lamps for Junta, and by 2016 the bulk production packages for the light-all-red smart matrix lights.
The technology has been developed in the past to meet the requirements of adb, afs technology, and the company's dlp projecting technology has taken over the intellectual l7, Hiphi x model, which has brought cool night lights, light experience, and good human interaction. In 2022, the company started the slim module technology (a super narrow open lighting system).
The product was first placed in the North American market, and was used in the United States General Cadillac lyrio electric vehicle model, with a cross-cutting taillight landing on the European market for the first time, and with the successful delivery of the German Audi electric car e-tron-related export order, the company’s new products and new technologies will continue to arrive at an accelerated pace. The company’s front-line technology has generated good feedback on the company’s technological achievements, as well as high-end vehicle-type products have been matched.
The company is one of the largest suppliers of autonomous car lamps in the country, with a broad customer base, and a time-limited product of smart car lamps. The company's carlight business is dominated by a fully-owned subsidiary, China Visual Technology (Shanghai) Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanghai Visual”)
In 2018, Chinese cars acquired 50% of the remaining shareholding in Shanghai, and became fully controlled, and were renamed Chinese visuals. The company's main companions are the general public, the general public, the Changon Group, the general public, the upper-air car, the Japanese Japanese Japanese car, the east wind, the east wind car, and so on.
The global market for carlights competes strongly with the domestic market, where companies have a certain lead. In the global market, Japan is ranked first with 25% of the city, Italy, Marelli (14%), France, Farreaux (13%), Japan, Stanley (12%), Germany, Heera (10%) ranks second to fifth; in the domestic market, Chinese vision ranks first with 28% of the city.
The share of surplus market participants is close. Figure 32: Competition patterns in China ' s CarLight Markets, Figure 33: Competition patterns in the Global CarLight Markets
(ii) Electrodynamics: the China-wide electric power + the world's Magnus co-ordinates, the New Energy Motors Business Company actively captures trends in motor motors, and the development and manufacture of core parts and components of new energy vehicles continues, covering power drivers and electrical electronic boxes, power-driven systems, electrical air conditioning compressors, electrical air conditioning and heat management systems, electronic switchors, batteries
Management systems, new-energy car battery trays, electronic pumps, start-up power generation units, electronic brakes, etc., gradually improving the industrial chain layout of core parts and components of new energy vehicles.
The Bronze Lines Technology is the leading producer in the country, and the technology breaks through to take advantage of the market. China Motors Electric Systems Ltd. was established in 2011 and is a member of the upper-mortality group, China Motor Systems Inc. (90%), and the space industry of the space industry, which is a member of the Space Industries Group.