Events: On the evening of October 28, Beijing time, Live Technology published three-quarters of 2024, q1 \triangleright, 24 years.
q3 achieved operating income of $14.745 billion, an increase of 19.42% over the same period, a net return to the mother of $1.372 billion, and a double increase in corporate earnings.
Dollars, by 14.52% in the same year, resulting in a net return of $440 million, an increase of 27.83% in the same year. The growth in corporate revenue was mainly due to the production of 1.206 billion yuan in electronics from subsidiaries, an increase of 49.27% in the same year.
The growth in Māori has led to a significant increase in net profits. The upgrading of the product structure and marketing structure has led to increased corporate profitability. The Māori ratio of company q1-q3 has been reached.
\triangleright, Ma'am, boosted mainly because of higher sales per year of corporate copper ceilings and lower unit manufacturing costs, while optimizing sales closings.
The policy increases other gains and boosts profits. At the same time, the company produces an electronic q1-q3 Mäori ratio of profit to Choi Joo-Yu.
I've got a higher share of the Ledo circuit board collection.
The draft equity incentive was issued on 4 July, and the adjustment programme was issued on 4 July, effectively awarded on 4 July 2024: pcb downstream heating, the company ' s performance achieving a high increase-performance rating target of 100 per cent or more, and the actual lifting of the sales portion was 100 per cent when it was expected to be lifted;
80%. We believe that the issuance of equity incentives can further stimulate business activity. Investment proposal: taking into account the prospect of a continuation of the landscape of the copper-plate industry, combine the company’s headlines within the industry \triangleright
“Recommended” ratings are maintained, the methodology and analytical logic are used to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.