Performance elasticity + Chinese valuation repair, Central petrochemical opportunity 2003 Keyword: #Integration # is cheaper than the same company # Trend rate # Difficult reversal # and scarce assets #
• China ' s petrochemicals: Global refining poles and integration advantages effectively counter the risk of oil price volatility. The company is the world ' s first largest oil refinery and second largest chemical company, with operational plates including exploration and exploitation, refining, chemicals, marketing and distribution. The Māori ratio of the company ' s exploration and development plate follows the price of oil.
Refining, chemical panels Māori rates follow negative fluctuations in oil prices, marketing and distribution plate Māori rates are stable at around 6 to 7 per cent, integration features are better able to withstand the risk of oil price volatility, high oil price volatility  National policies promote the continued high operation of production + oil prices in higher reserves and sound exploration policies.
Level: In a bicarbon context, our energy structure has been adjusted to focus on the development of hydrocarbon resources. We expect oil prices to remain high in 2023: 1) at the supply end: limited increases in global upstream capital spending, and the upturn in oil prices have not increased global capital spending.
Production capacity is in decline; production in some parts of the country has reached its limits; crude oil has recovered; and production in the United States has increased gradually, but production has increased only modestly, with average annual increases below pre-epidemiological levels.) Demand ends: global demand for crude oil has not peaked and is still growing. Policy push and high crude oil prices are high.
Under this, companies have increased capital spending on upstream exploration plates, managed the cost of oil and gas operations effectively, and moved to a high-quality development of exploration operations.  Policy tightening + heating of demand for finished oils & increasing foreign price differentials, and refining plate performance is expected to improve.
At the policy level, China will continue to promote the “reducing oil” of oil refineries during the 1450s, with a low rate of harvests of oil products from new refining projects, limited development of the supply side of the product, and limited subsequent significant additions of refined products. In this case, the company has a number of priority refining projects under way, and the refining plates are not yet in place.
In the case of finished oils: 1) domestic: the difference between the gas, diesel and the original oil prices has reached a high point, while the domestic demand for finished oil sub-demands has warmed. 2) Overseas: the price of finished oil has increased, and the export quota for finished oil has increased. The profits of the company’s refined plates from domestic and foreign operations are expected to rise.
ethylene imports are highly dependent. Central petrochemicals, the country's leading ethylene production company, have long been pursuing innovative and driven strategies to take the lead in completing the crude oil direct fission ethylene industrial test in the country, with a clear competitive advantage for the industry. In addition, the refining industry continues to push for new downstream material production packages.
On March 3, 2023, the State Finance Committee of the Council of State convened a meeting to deploy State-owned enterprises to launch a world-class initiative on value creation.
The company’s pb value is much lower than that of other petrochemical companies, which rank ahead of the market value, and is expected to return to a rational level of valuation, driven by political policy.
Continued high-level operations; increased quotas for the export of finished oils; and enhanced regulation of taxes on the consumption of finished oils.
China Petroleum Industries Inc. is an up-and-down integration, prominent petrochemical major industry with a relatively well-developed distribution network, the largest supplier of finished oil and petrochemical products in China, the second largest producer of hydrocarbons, the world’s largest refinery company, and the second largest chemical company. The company was assembled in February 2000 by China’s petrochemical industry.
On 8 August 2003, the Shanghai Stock Exchange was listed. China's petrochemicals are mainly engaged in oil and gas exploration, pipelines, distribution and sale; petroleum refining, petrochemicals, coal-chemicals, chemical fibres and other chemical products production and marketing, storage; and oil, gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and other chemical products and other goods, technology import, export and export, brokering.
Export and import operations: technology, information research, development, applications: hydrogen energy operations and related services such as hydrogen gas preparation, storage, transport and marketing; new energy vehicles for power replacement, new energy generation operations such as solar and wind energy, and related services.
According to the third quarterly report of 2022, the company's direct-owned shareholders are China Petroleum Industries Group Ltd., which holds 68.31% of the company's shares. China Petroleum Industries Group Ltd. is a very large State-owned enterprise under the State Council's State Assets Supervisory Board, so the State Treasury Committee of the State Council is the company's actual firm.
The operations cover oil and gas exploration, transport and sale, production and storage of petroleum refining, petrochemicals and other chemical products, import and export of petroleum, gas, petrochemical products and other services and technologies.
The company currently has 34% interest in Shanghai Secco. China’s petrochemical main battalion operations are divided into three main lines: upstream, mainly in upstream oil and gas exploration and development; middle and middle ranger transport, storage, lng receiving and liquefied stations; and downstream production and marketing of chemical products such as petroleum.
Figure 3: Central petrochemical industry chain 1.2. Resisting against the risk of oil price volatility, companies performed well as large energy-industrial companies that are integrated up, down and down, remaining relatively stable under high oil price volatility
By the third quarter of 2022, oil prices continued to be high, at levels above $95 per barrel, and benefited from oil and gas mining operations, but demand for finished oil was depressed by the epidemic’s lack of demand for safe movement, with companies returning to their home countries in the third quarter of 2022.
In 2023, oil prices continued to be high, domestic policies to control the epidemic were optimized, and the share of corporate revenue for the decade was stable at around 60%. In terms of profit contributions, the rates of Māori in exploration and exploitation panels followed oil prices, the rates of Māori in refining and chemical panels followed negative oil prices, and the rates of Māori in marketing and distribution boards stabilized.
Around 6 to 7%, integration features can better withstand the risks of cyclical fluctuations. By 2020, affected by the new crowning epidemic, international oil prices were low, and profits from major business fell sharply.
Quarterly, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict catalyzed international oil prices against the $100 mark, and the exploration and development panel performed well, with a profit growth of 385.97 per cent, a Māori increase of 8.4 pct to 23.9 per cent. Capital spending has continued to rise and chemical panels have risen. Since 2016, China has been increasing its capital expenditure.
At this level, the planned capital expenditure in 2022 amounted to $8.8 billion. Of this, capital expenditure on the chemical industry grew faster, to figure 11: Central petrochemical capital expenditure (billions) and figure 12: Central petrochemical capital expenditure structure (billions)
1.3. The firm ' s good financial position and its high operating cash flow also showed greater resilience and continued to maintain a positive sales net interest rate and net asset rate of return and a stable profitability.Roe was relatively stable compared to China oil in 2019-2021 compared to bp, exxonmobil, China Sea oil.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company experienced a slight decline in the impact of the sharp rise in oil prices and the domestic epidemic. As the leader of the refined petrochemical industry, the company was able to guarantee a stable profit even when oil prices fluctuated.
The loss on o3bp is due mainly to the company’s abandonment of its sound financial position with Russian oil companies. Compared to domestic and foreign oil companies, the company’s asset-liability ratio is at a moderate level, and a moderate and stable asset-liability ratio suggests that the company is good at leveraging debt to raise its earnings.
In the last 10 years, the company's operating cash flow has been sufficient and stable, holding at $150-200 billion, providing financial support for the high-intensity capital expenditure needed to develop the company's operations.
2.1. China ' s petrochemicals is one of the largest integrated energy industry companies in the country. The company has 15 branches in the upstream sector and oil and gas resources cover 26 countries and territories in the country and abroad.
The company owns China PIC as a specialized exploration company in the country; it owns the Victory Oil Fields Division, China Oil Fields Branch, Henan Oil Fields Branch, Jianghan Oil Fields Branch, Jiangsu Oil Fields Branch, Shanghai Sea Oil and Gas Branch, Huadong Oil and Gas Branch, Northeast Oil and Gas Company, Southwest Oil and Gas Company, North West Oil and Gas Company,