The growth of medical biology throughout the year has been steady, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre continues to promote structural optimization.
Events: The company announced its operating income in 2018, net profit after deductions of about 13.43 billion yuan and 1.250 billion yuan, respectively, at a rate of about 20.8 per cent and 11.5 per cent respectively; operating income of 2018q4, net profit after deduction, grew steadily throughout the year and continued to promote structural optimization. The company earned about 13.43 billion yuan in 2018.
The same-year increase of 20.8 per cent was about $6.67 billion, or 14.2 per cent, for the self-diagnosis business, with a sense of rapid growth in the form of imposters, “problem recovery”; better growth in the category of paediatrics, or osteoporosis; smooth growth in the skin, stomach medicine; and about $6.2 billion, or about 30 per cent, for the prescription drug business, and in the formulation particle industry.
The growth was faster, with Chinese injecting drug products growing less than expected, currently accounting for about 7 per cent of operating income, an increase of about 36.2 per cent. As a result of a change in the business model for strengthening the self-diagnosis (chc) market and prescription drugs. 2018q4 operating income and net profit after deductions were approximately $3.98 billion and $230 million, respectively, compared with the corresponding figures.
The rate of growth is about 9.5%, 3.9%, and the rate of performance is slowing down, with administrative costs increasing by about 24%, far exceeding the rate of income growth, mainly due to the 40 million dollars withdrawn in the first quarter of the month. The company forecast that 219q1 Shenzhen Hospital 399% of the shares would yield about 680 million yuan (after taxes) in asset disposal.
Influenza is high, and we estimate that the growth rate in the company’s performance is around 10%. The brand otc leads, looking for long-term development. 1) The otc product line is rich, with 999 brands in the forefront of the Chinese medicine tablets, and the company’s products have a variety of channels, covering the entire country.
With the release of the G, the price of the core products of the three-hundred stomach, the cold spirit, and the strong force of Lulu is expected to rise strongly, and the level of profit is expected to continue to rise; 2) the company is doing a lot of work for the Chinese medicine Otc platform, which is prescribed under the Chinese flag. The company’s prescription plate is rich in products, the oral-type ratio continues to grow, and the Chinese medicine is growing.
The variety also enriches prescription Chinese pharmaceutical lines and enhances competitiveness; 3) The company is the first national pilot producer of Chinese pharmaceutical formulations, with a strong starter and rapid growth in 2018: 4) in the health-care industry.
The company has the advantage of brand value, variety, and variety of channels, and is supported by the full range of resources of the major shareholders of the Torohua Corporation, and looks at the company’s follow-up in the brand’s drug field.
The current valuation is low, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.