Resource and Environmental Research Centre Lower coal prices, companies entering a profit harvest period of 2,386 million yuan, an increase of 43.49 per cent in the same year. 2020q2 net profit to its mother of 1,197 million yuan in the same year.
The combination of the epidemic and the increase in electricity purchases outside Shandong has led to a decline in corporate power generation: the cumulative electricity generated by company 2020h1 was 92,976 million kilowatt-hours, about 8.66 per cent lower than the same period in the previous year; the online electricity generated 87,062 million kilowatt-hours, or 8.53 per cent lower than the same period in the previous year. The company completed its electricity generation in the second quarter, amounting to 42,056 million kilowatt-hours.
At that time, it fell by 6.35% compared to the same period the previous year. The decline in power generation by companies was mainly affected by the epidemic and the increase in electricity purchases outside Shandong, with a 1.28% reduction in the cumulative use of electricity by society as a whole between January and June 2020; and Shandong's cumulative use of electricity 1.
Continued performance growth — an international quarterly review of HCNT, with a price of $409.48/megawatt-hours, down by about 0.54 per cent from the same period in the previous year, within the expected range.
Lower Coal Prices for Long-term Profited Spaces - China, China, Lower Coal Prices and Large Increases in Corporate Profit: Decreased Business Costs of 2020h1 3. Double Coal Coal Coating, Financial Cost Decline, Improved Valuation of Profit
The average cost of power coal is only 520 yuan per ton, a 15 per cent decrease from the average price of 614 yuan per ton in 2019h1, resulting in significant savings in fuel costs and a significant increase in corporate profits.
Steady, coal prices are expected to have some downside space in September, and overall coal prices in the second half of the year cannot continue to be lower by the second quarter, but they are still significantly lower than last year, with the coal price center being 520-540 yuan/tonne for the year. Companies are well placed to perform during the profitable harvest period.
It is still in the lower price range that the supply easing pattern offers. Fire and electricity companies value for a long time, and it is very defensive to maintain a high fraction of red. As the fire and electricity companies enter a profit-making period in 2020, cash flows are abundant, with a certain accumulation of performance against the background of the current weakening economy and market shocks.
Low valuation and defensive attributes are more valuable than investment. The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected; electricity prices have dropped significantly; the number of hours used has declined significantly; and sales are restricted.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment