Impairment of assets delayed performance, accelerated layout of overseas markets \triangleright \triangleright
In general, the corporate 24q4-quarter losses have increased as a result of: (1) imbalances in supply and demand in the photovoltaic sector and a sharp fall in the price of the industrial chain; (2) significant impairment of corporate q4 assets; significant increases in the volume of goods delivered; and acceleration of overseas production and distribution. Companies have fully developed their own global market marketing suit.
\triangleright network advantages and brand advantages have further increased market openings, with a significant increase in the same volume of battery assembly shipments and 79.447gw (including 1.544gw) of corporate battery assemblies during the reporting period.
By the end of 2024, according to the company’s capacity plan, the company’s components were capable of producing more than 80% and 70% of the components’ capacity, respectively, of silicon and battery capacity.
The switch from p to n has been completed. Currently, the company's latest N-bycium+ battery output has reached a maximum of 27%, the process will continue to improve, further reduce battery production costs and improve the forest reputation.
On the overseas side, the company has accelerated the construction of a 6gw high-efficiency solar cell and 3gw high-power solar component project in Oman to enhance its ability to serve its global customers.
Deepen the layout of the energy storage industry and create a solution for the integration of light storage as a whole.
After European delivery in 2023, the Jubaino system was successful in 2024 in Europe, Africa, and South America. For business applications, companies integrated cores, liquid cooling, temperature control, fire protection, 3s, etc., into one system.
In 2024, industrial and industrial energy storage products were successfully delivered at home and abroad, significantly reducing the cost of electricity for end-users and playing an active role in the distributional energy and zero carbon parks projects. In large businesses and centralized power station scenes, high-efficiency bluegalaxy feeder systems were introduced.
1. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) 3-quarterly 2024 reporting points, with electricity covering 2mwh to 5mwh. According to the China Electricity Science Research Institute, grid-connectivity assessment: q3 performance exceeded expectations and cash flow continued to improve - 2024/
It can be tested that the efficiency of the storage systems in operation is at 88.93% and is industry-leading. \triangleright 22x/14x/9x. The company leads the photovolt integration component, which accelerates and drops with globalization.
Efficiency gains continued, with the expectation of a “recommended” rating in the wake of the cycle. 24-year review of a continuous increase in overseas shipments, One 4. Crystal Austrotech (00245.sz) in the third quarter of 2023
Evaluation: Performance meets expectations, the expansion of integrated productive capacity strengthens leadership, methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not been, directly or indirectly, charged with, and will not be held accountable for, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.