Performance pressure, 25q1 cash flow improvement, Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) event: 70.1 billion yuan per year in 2024, net return to the mother - 47 billion dollars, same year
(inclusive of 1.544gw), 39.2 per cent increase in the same year, with components originating in the top three sectors, of which sea: Zengtao_yj@chinastock.com.cn is at a high level of approximately 49 per cent and N components are at a significant increase of 56 pcts compared to 70 per cent; but production
The sharp decline in the price of goods resulted in a combined operating income of 66.6 billion yuan and a 14.8 per cent reduction, with a profit of 4.82 per cent but a net loss. 25q1 battery assembly delivery of 15.65gw (including self-use of 33mw) fell by 2.8 per cent from the same year.
. 25q1 company performance continued to be stressed, prices continued to fall down the cost line, the Māori rate fell to historical asset impairments (perc capacity and power station assets, etc.), eventually net mother interest rates of 6.64 per cent were lower - lower, net parent interest rates had crossed 24q4 and the ring deficit was narrower. 25q1 company operated a net cash flow.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In August 2022, Galactic securities were added to the list of candidates for the " Asian currency " , " New wealth " , " Crystalball " , where the Asian currency selected the new energy sector, which is just as well as the Beijing University. They were used for web-facilitating and byte swings. This report is made available to its customers by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter " Galactic Securities " ).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.