Cloud-driven, cloud-telecom flagships entering high-speed, long-term, strongly recommended (maintenance) Liu Xu Feng (research assistant)
Corporate products are high-valued, competitive, and 63% Māori. At the same time, corporate products have been certified in more than 200 countries and territories around the world, with worldwide distribution networks, and have been widely recognized in 2016 as successful markets at the mid-to-high end, driving high growth in corporate performance.
The cloud mode drives the rapid growth of SME markets, with Sip leading firms benefiting from priority. Solid terminal is a business attribute and an important part of business communications, while traditional business solid terminal systems will gradually have an end penetration rate of only 27.5 per cent. Nearly 80 per cent of the enterprises that have deployed unified communications products are now in the process of doing so.
There are about 11 million small and medium-sized enterprises in the country with low market penetration rates. The threshold is to help small and medium-sized enterprises significantly reduce their purchasing costs. Small and medium-sized enterprises only need to purchase end-products, customize cloud services, achieve uniform communications, and the SME market is fast-growing.
Vcs video terminal product targeting SMEs is expected to benefit on a priority basis. Focusing on the vcs business, the “Cloud + End” product market continues to break through. Companies are constantly launching vcs products, forming independent vcs sales teams, investing substantial resources to pave the way for sales, continuing to distribute them.
The company introduced successively in 2017 a series of end-of-end products represented by vc800, cp960, as well as server products represented by yms 1000/2000, allowing the company to expand the coverage from SMEs to medium-sized enterprises, while increasing the competition for the vcs system solution.
In 2017, the company successfully entered the central government procurement directory for local government purchases of “windwards.” The company, relying on Aliyun/Amazon Cloud/idc, set up a number of service nodes around the globe, launched a cloud video communication service, and provided public access to telemedicine at the Smart Party.
The company was founded in 2001 and placed on the market in March 2017 as the world’s leading Internet-based unified communications terminal solution provider, corporate design, R & D, marketing, and service integration, as well as providing the world with an autonomous brand “yealink” through external processing.
Since its inception in 2001, the company has gone through four phases, starting with the voip market, with the second phase clearly positioned at the end of the cip agreement for two leading firms. With the diversification of communications, the company launched the vcs product in 2015 and plans to continue to optimize the sip billion network (300628) in depth reporting.
From the company ' s business approach in 2016, the company cooperated with the global sale of the autonomous brand "yealink"cip by authorizing distribution, the company gradually developed from standard end product sales to end solution providers, the main provider of telecommunications operators ' unified communications solutions, the SME unified communications solution, the ip focal point solution, etc.
Figure 3. Major product categories of companies Light asset business model plus dynamic development, with a high Māori ratio of 60%. In terms of corporate asset liabilities, total fixed assets did not break out of R&D building construction from about $10 million to $100 million until 2017.
A business model that reduces the indirect costs of firms’ labour costs and fixed-asset investment costs by using an FSA processing model. A light-asset business model also allows the network to focus its operations to the greatest extent possible on product technology research and development and on channel building, and to develop sustainable efficiency gains for firms.
Over the past four years, the performance of companies has continued to grow at a high rate of 42.6 per cent compound revenue growth and 55.9 per cent net compound profit growth, with market ownership and consolidation of market positions; increased competitiveness of the products of dect, vcs, sustained growth driven by market openings and pipelines; and a sharp growth rate of 50.23 per cent in 2017, exceeding the business targets set by the company at the beginning of the year.
A net profit of $196 million, an increase of 39.05 per cent over the same period, was increased by 31.76 per cent, with net profits increasing faster than the growth rate. Continued optimization of third-rate controls, exchange gains and losses affect short-term performance, and 2.5 billion property losses are expected to hedge against exchange losses.
External distributors, strong corporate cooperative customer relationships, continued expansion of cooperative networks, significant market promotion costs saved, sales costs were dominated by employee remuneration and travel costs; on the other hand, companies were mainly oriented towards overseas exports and exports were exempted from value-added tax, leaving their income tax holdings at a low level of around 40 per cent.
Significant fluctuations in financial cost rates are mainly due to the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. Companies’ overseas operations account for about 95%, with more than 75% of the market in Europe and the United States, and exports are predominantly settled in United States dollars, creating an inevitable systemic risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
In addition, the company uses idle self-financing, raises funds to purchase property from banks totalling $2.57 billion, recovers $35.557 million in 2017, invests in finance to improve the efficiency of the use of its own funds and earns good returns on investment, and is expected to effectively hedge exchange rate changes. 3.3 Corporate strategy is clear: improve product competitiveness, cloud services, focus on SME markets
The company was set up with the co-financing of Chen Ji-song, Wu Dong-yi, Zhou Ji-wei, and Lu Yong-fu, with four graduates from the Department of Physics, Shenzhen University, Shenzhen University, the Department of Electronics, and Xian An, with a very deep professional and technical background. The company as a whole changed in 2012 to a limited public division, and four individuals signed the Uniting Actors Agreement in 2015. The main stake relationships following the successful listing were as follows:
After the company’s successful listing, a total of $1.58 billion was raised, mainly for leading firms such as the Unified Communications Terminal, the High Quality Conference System (HCS), research and development, upgrading, and production terminals. The company’s strategy for the next three years is mainly to improve product competitiveness, the clouding of services, and the focus on SME markets.
Development of software terminals and continuous upgrading of the communications product mix. By developing software terminals, effective communication is achieved at all times and anywhere on personal computers, laptops, and flatware.
The company plans to use the idc hosting method to build data centres that support 2 million corporate users, two data centres in the North and two in the South, which, when completed, will cover essentially all the country's provinces and cities and provide users with access to them.
Optimal unified communications services, which, through the construction of cloud data centres, provide the basis for companies to follow the shift from a simple supplier of equipment to a service provider
In the United States, the states of California, Florida, Texas, etc. have agreed to better allocate telecommunications resources.
In ordinary households, seating will be phased out, but in the field of business office, firm solid words have important business attributes, seating (uc) is an integration of traditional communication platforms, combined with voice, data and video communication, and a higher-level form of business communication. At present, overall ownership costs are lower than the construction of multiple stand-alone systems that can significantly improve the efficiency of staff and business service processes.
The market is growing fastest, but only about 25-30% penetration, with the second echelons of the Netherlands, Australia, etc., about 20% penetration, the UK, Germany, 10-15%, and China, basically in the fourth echelon. Similarly, the unified telecommunications market is still in the early stages of the market, with uniform communications in place.
The level of development of the world's countries is different, with North America now the source of unified communications at the highest level of development, followed by Europe, with Asia-Pacific countries lagging relatively behind. The global market size of the uc solution reached $12.2 billion in 2010 and $19.9 billion in 2015, with a composite growth rate of 10.3 per cent, according to frast&sullivan projections, the market size of the uc solution will reach $35.1 billion in 2019 and will resume in 2015-2019.
ip communication systems, video communications hardware models, unified communication systems deployment costs, and low market penetration by small and medium-sized enterprises. Frequent communication enterprises are mostly high-end financial enterprises or provincial government departments, and most SMEs are Vcs video communication gaps.
Integrated, video communication systems and unified communications systems are more costly and difficult to carry, while small and medium-sized enterprises have limited financial capacity, are price-sensitive and report in depth on the network (300628), are under greater pressure and have no specialized technical support staff, limited maintenance and management capacity, and are less motivated to deploy these communications than cloudy models.
Figure 18. Harmonisation of communications. Cloud computing changes the self-constructed mode of enterprise communications and significantly reduces construction costs.
In the cloud-end model, the enterprise no longer needs to purchase expensive management equipment, but only has to contract with the cloud service provider to pay monthly user fees. The cloud-side model is significantly reduced.
The acquisition of end-products and customization of cloud services will lead to uniform communications, and the construction of ip communications systems and access to internal computer networks or the Internet will be too expensive for SMEs to require large capital expenditures and specialized markets with total sales revenue of $9.1 billion in 2019 and a composite growth rate of 18.4 per cent in 2015-2019.
Word terminals can be compatible with a wide range of unified communications systems, with H.323 focusing on telecommunications standards. Currently, Cisco, Huaiang, Microsoft, ibm are the largest regions, with Europe, the Middle East, and Africa accounting for the largest share, with 3.7 million items sold in 2015, with a sales revenue of $330 million in the second largest market, with a sales volume of 3.6 million in 2015 and $320 million in sales revenue.
The demand for videoconferencing by small and medium-sized enterprises will continue to rise. Advances in Internet broadband technology and video technology have stimulated the demand for multi-media communications, which simply one-to-one voice cannot meet the business’s office needs, and multimedia applications based on video communications will help businesses to improve their services to users, improve the efficiency of business operations and become trends.
According to data from Frost & Sullivan, the global videoconferencing market grew from $2.09 billion in 2010 to $4.5 billion in 2015, with a compound growth rate of 16.6 per cent as part of a unified communications cloud product package, and the emerging cloud service will further stimulate demand for the end end of videoconferencing, with increasing demand from clients for videoconferencing, which is expected to reach $7.9 billion in 2019, with a compound increase.
In this context, small and medium-sized enterprises have become a new hotspot for the growth of the videoconferencing market. Our videoconferencing market has shown a steady growth trend, with the size of the market growing from about 4.2 billion yuan in 2011 to 10.2 billion yuan in 2016, and will remain stable in the future.
3. With companies plowing deep into the SME market, leading firms are expected to benefit on a priority basis from a division of labour in the communications industry, a better distribution of professional terminal equipment suppliers, a change in the mode of supply of statistical communications and a uniform division of labour in communications.
A number of unified communications cloud service providers and virtual operators, including telecommunications operators such as at&t, verizon, and virtual operators such as 8x8inc, ringcentral, have begun to emerge, providing a unified cloud-based communications service to the enterprise. And their common point is that neither produces a terminal, but works with an open integrated communications terminal.
Large equipment suppliers such as Cisco, Huayuan, Microsoft, ibm, etc. and Ibm are focusing on unified communication systems and platforms, gradually liberalizing the end-of-the-communication market.
Sip products are located in the SME market and are rapidly growing. In the early days of the unified communications industry, the main services were provided to large enterprises, the main products were packaged system-level and end-level products, system-level products required significant resources and prior inputs, domestic and foreign system-level products were largely dominated by larger firms, such as Cisco, avaya and others, system producers were strategically positioned in systems and platform products, and their final products were selected.
Acquisitions are somewhat open-ended. Companies are sensitive to the market opportunities of SMEs, positioning their main business to provide international SMEs with uniform communication end-products, establishing strict market differentiation with firms such as Cisco, positioning a company as a niche market segment, plus China’s manufacturing value-for-money advantage and rapid business development.
Companies operate with light assets and outsource their products to reliable foreign affiliates for production, and the enterprise itself concentrates on product technology research and development, channels construction, a strategy that allows companies to significantly reduce the indirect costs of company labour costs, fixed asset investment costs, etc.
The expansion is poor, the company relies on a strong research and development background, develops its own audio and video engines, saves the cost of its products, and the product Māori is the second largest in the world, with a market share of about 20 per cent, third in terms of sales earnings, and 12 per cent in the world, after the old end companies Politon and Cisco.
The company has developed offshore markets under its own brand name “yearlink” and now has the second largest share of the global market, has developed a good brand profile within the industry, and has been certified in 38 EUce certifications, 38 US fcc certifications, 35 Australian rcm certifications, and several countries and territories, including Brazil, Egypt, Canada, and Hong Kong. In the telecom operator market, the company has already worked with British Telecom, Italian Telecom, Royal Dutch Telecom, West.
In large customer markets, companies have received certification and in-depth cooperation from more than 80 globally recognized system platforms, such as avaya, broadsoft, asterisk, genesys, 3cx, etc., which have packaged corporate products into their integrated solutions and recommended them to companies through collaboration with global renowned distributors, and currently have sales networks in 106 countries on six continents around the world as of the end of 2016.
In late 2015 and late 2014, the number of authorized distributors globally was 91, 97, and 91. In 2016, sales from Europe and North America accounted for more than 70 per cent of total sales.
Figure 31.80 More than 80 international mainstream communication platform partners are international front-line brands located in large groups, industry markets, represented by cosco, avaya, polycom, etc., whose products are high-end, high-quality but more than 30% higher than those of other manufacturers of the same type; the other group is enterprises located in SME markets, mainly in billions, snom, etc.
Since its inception, companies have focused mainly on the development of products targeted to SME users, SME markets have been cost-effective, easy-to-use, low-use thresholds, and firms have quickly gained recognition in major global markets and have built brand advantages. While deep-farming SMEs are relatively sensitive, they have begun to develop the channels and capacities of operators, large group markets, and continue to open up high-end markets.
The company ' s 13-year series of t4 terminals, which are primarily targeted at the high-end demand of large enterprises and groups, meet the industry ' s top-level sound standards, become popular high-end market products, have achieved great success in the European and United States markets, and have won the Funkschau 2013 award for the most popular readers in Germany and the 2013 tmcnet laboratory innovation award in the United States.
High, widely recognized in the market, and successfully entering the mid-to-high-end market. The sales of the t4 terminal, as measured by the company’s share of revenue, drive the company industry’s 3.3 “Cloud Plus” videoconferencing service, and the video terminal product becomes a new profit growth point.
The U.S. and U.S. have become more popular and popular, but equipment and systems are expensive and complex to deploy, requiring more specialized IT personnel to manage. Currently, the SME market is less permeable, with companies independently developing specialized high-quality hardware terminals covering a variety of scenarios, such as mega, large, small, medium-sized, mini-conference rooms, and personal desktops, giving businesses an extremely high-quality audio-conferencing experience.
A high level of applicability, deployment and maintenance of simple features, the ability to apply the diversity of SME networks, the ability of the general population to open boxes, i.e., to plug in, and to hire specialized IT personnel to maintain videoconferencing equipment, can significantly reduce the cost of deploying inputs from SMEs, and the need for cameras to meet the multiple perspectives of major conferences.
The annual launch of the vcs product reached 46 million yuan in sales in 2016, an increase of 83.5 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and the vcs product became a new profit growth point for the company through the brand and channel of the company ' s cip product.
In 2018, a new cloud vision was launched, and a cloud-end videoconference service was launched. Two different types of cloud were installed in the Large Alliance Conference Room Solutions, self-constructed private clouds centred on the videoconferencing server yms, and hosted public clouds represented by the UNCV. The publicly-owned cloud hosting model, a company based on the Aliyun/Amazon Cloud/idc, created multiple service nodes around the globe.
In the first half of the year, the Alliance will hold 14 new launches throughout the country, with a wide market for cloud-vision products.
It was recognized that the promise of working with cloud computing companies like Microsoft, Aliun, and the aws, combined with the company’s end-products, became a new growth point for companies. 3.4 Clouds video Licorne, valued at over $1 billion, achieved a three-digit successive increase in corporate revenue, becoming a “unicorn” company valued at over $1 billion.
In 2007, when webex was bought by Cisco for $3.2 billion, he joined Cisco and became the company’s vice president for engineering. The firm was disappointed that Cisco management was unable to address the problem and update their strategy, so he left Cisco in 2011, re-starting his business and developing the Zoom product. Zoom, the harvest grew by nearly 300 per cent in 2016.
For the fourth year in a row, the company has achieved three-digit growth. At present, the company has completed a d-round of finance, and after receiving a $100 million d-round of financing from Redwood capital, Zoom has successfully joined the Unicorn Club, valued by the company at over $1 billion.
Integration of the videoconferencing market: Billions of dollars, the size of company clients and the number of videoconferences have increased exponentially. By the end of 2017, Zoom had 700,000 business customers, half of the wealth 50 companies were using Zoom.
90% of universities. In terms of the number of people using video calls, in 2013, 3 million people used video teleconferences through Zoom, in 2014 the number of people using zoom videoconferences reached 30 million, and in 2015 the number of people using zoom videoconferences reached 100 million.
Figure 40. Number of videoconferences (persons)
Vcs videoconferencing terminals: The low penetration rate of small and medium-sized enterprises in videoconferencing systems and the autonomous development by companies of video communication terminals and systems covering mega, large, small, medium-sized and mini-conference rooms, opening up new growth space for companies, with good synergies with previous operations, with 80 per cent, 60 per cent and 50 per cent growth expected over the next three years, with the help of a distribution network of sip telephones throughout 106 countries and territories around the world.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City