Audio-visual double-wheel drive, shaping the international brand of unified communications 25 04 .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The global integrated communications market is highly competitive, with companies leading the world ' s uc industry, well-positioned, well-saled, expanding markets and maintaining high performance growth. Over the past six years, a combination of 37% growth has been achieved, with more than 10% of the net profits of the mother ' s industry working hard.
The company is one of the world ' s front-runners in the field of sip phones, with a focus on sip phones for over a decade, covering more than 100 countries, with more than 25 per cent of the city ' s share of the world ' s top two. The sip product structure continues to be optimized, the t4 product is in the main, and the t5 product is expected to start. The rollout of vcs started in 2015, and income growth nearly doubled in the last two years.
• Technology, access barriers, core competitive advantages, the unit's comparison with the trend of Deep 300, the firm's insistence on autonomous innovation, creating its own brands and international channels. Over the last two years, it has invested millions of dollars to create two.
World-class laboratories, audio laboratories and emc electromagnetic compatibility laboratories, are working to build international first-class quality. Research and development inputs exceed 7%, and research and development personnel over 50%. On the international front, strategic partnerships have been established with the top 30 operators in Europe and America, including the United States of America verizon, att&t, British telecommunications, etc.
Spanish telecommunications, etc., with only one or two telephone operators certified, the company has a high rate of industry growth in international channels and a wide market space, and based on frost&sullivan data, the combined growth rate of global Sip phone sales is projected for 2015-2019.
At the same time, the global videoconferencing market is expected to reach $7.90 billion in 2019, with a combined annual growth rate of 15.1% between 2015 and 2019. The company has a large market space in both markets.
Research assistant: The Jan Mye-chan industry has had a 49-fold minimum and 80-fold average in recent years. Maintains a “very recommended” rating. Sip sector market competition increases: vcs R&D is not as popular as expected.
One hundred and fifty years of deep-deep farming and hard-working activity.
(i) The leading global provider of unified communications solutions Xiamen Billion Network Technology Inc. was established in 2001 as the leading global provider of integrated Internet-based communication solutions that combines R & D, sales and services, and is processed for global business clients through the Association
Since its inception, the company has focused on providing products and services to small and medium-sized enterprises. Companies have consistently pursued autonomous research and development, technological innovation, products and scientific research outcomes through numerous awards and honours from international industry organizations and influential publications.
Figure 1: Corporate development history Corporations provide uniform communication solutions, including voice communication terminal solutions and vcs solutions, mainly for small and medium-sized business users.
Complete coverage of different user groups. At the same time, the hardware carrier of the product provides different customizations or industry-specific functions for different client groups by loading different software versions. Vcs solutions include end-products and server products, and the corresponding accessories.
The company’s product is based on the sip protocol, which establishes communication between two or more terminals via the Internet. The sip protocol is an open standard agreement that allows the company’s products to reach the majority of the mainstream communications agreements currently on the market.
Compatibility. Although the sip protocol is not the first type of an ip protocol to be launched, the efficiency and flexibility of the sip makes sip the best voip-based voip. At the same time, because of its advantages of easy deployment and low cost of use, the open-op solution is gradually replacing the traditional closed ip solution.
Figure 2: The position of the company's industrial chain The company is currently in the hands of four persons, Wu Jung-yi, Chen Ji-song, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Wei Wei, who together hold 10.71% of the company's total share capital, Zhou Wei holds 8.04% of the shares, and four have co-signed the Unanimous Actors Agreement, and
Having been in important positions such as corporate directors and senior managers can have a significant impact on the company’s shareholders’ assembly, major decision-making by the board of directors, and on the company’s business activities. Thus, the company’s fragmented equity structure and the absence of a single controlling shareholder, without any shareholder, can dominate the company on its own, creating checks and balances of power and playing a substantive role in the shareholder’s assembly.
Companies sell their products mainly through distributors. In 2016, 2015 and 2014, companies sell to distributors a communications end-of-life industry that contributes to more efficient business expansion and regional coverage, with relatively low risks and costs. In addition, companies sell their products directly to operators and platform customers.
and the customers of the platform vendor to purchase the company ' s products on demand and then sell them to end-users through their sales channels.
(ii) Focusing on cip phone operations, advancing vcs, technologically strong markets with strong competitiveness, long-term good communication and cooperative relationships with clients, with channel agency-based operations covering sales networks in 106 countries around the world, with steady growth in sales.
Complete, flexible mix of user characteristics, increased R & D investment in audio-visual performance, network adaptability, ease of use, ease of deployment, and easy to maintain, with high priority given to R & D innovation. Since its inception, companies have identified R & D as their core competitiveness, long-term adherence to high R & D input development strategies.
Multilevel R & D organizational structures, including product planning, technical services, can simultaneously meet different levels of demand and planning. In 2014-2017, corporate R & D inputs increased steadily, reaching $99,365,000, or 44%, in 2017, with a high proportion of R & D staff continuing to bring in high-end talent.
At present, the company’s R & D centre includes R & D management, hardware, software and testing. By the end of 2017, the company’s workforce had increased to 686 and the proportion of R & D staff had increased further to more than 50 per cent.
By mid-2017, companies and subsidiaries had 94 authorized patents. Companies are state-owned high-tech companies, state-run torch projects high-tech enterprises, and companies have many technological innovations and applications. In the future, as companies continue to invest more in R & D, the number of corporate patents for R & D will increase further and will promote public interest.
The overall competitiveness of the Division has been enhanced and, as a result of ongoing efforts, in recent years corporate products have received numerous awards and honours from industry organizations and influential journals at the international level, highlighting the technological strength of companies and the recognition of corporate products and technologies by Governments and industry.
(iii) Financial indicators continue to be favourable, companies are operating well, and operating income and net profits have increased steadily. Corporate sales have continued to grow in size and business in recent years. In 2017, corporate operating income grew by $1,388 million, or 50.23 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of $591 million, or 36.65 per cent.
The company launched the Vcs high-visibility frequency conference system in 2015, which, as new business continues to grow, will become an important profit growth point for the company, resulting in 1.319 billion yuan (95.05 per cent) in revenue from the off-continent region and 0.69 billion yuan (495 per cent) in domestic revenue.
Māori rates and net interest rates have continued to rise, and profitability has been prominent. In 2017, the company ' s Māori rate was 62.08 per cent, with a net interest rate of 42.57 per cent.
The firm’s net interest rate for 2012-2016 has risen steadily and is in the vanguard of the industry. The firm’s net profit rate has been under pressure in 2017, mainly due to exchange losses due to the appreciation of the renminbi.
II. Sip leads the world brand, leading the major business, accounting for nearly 80%. Companies have focused for many years on the autonomous R & D and application of unified communication technologies, adhering to the principle of high value for money over unified communications products, and constantly exploring development paths. Companies ' operations and products vary mainly according to market demand.
In the future, companies will continue to invest more in research and development, continue to introduce new products and upgrade existing ones, and maintain a high Māori ratio.
For: t2, t3, t4, t5, t6 and vp series. Of these, t2 and t3 series are primarily located in the SME market; t4, t5, t6 and vp series are for mid-to-high-end customers. t2 are 100-megaby series, t3, t4 etc. After years of intensive work on the market, companies have accumulated a wealth of product R & D and market extension experience.
At present, the company has developed a full range of product lines and has become more competitive in the core of the market. The product structure continues to be optimized, and t5 is expected to be released.
As technology upgrades and markets expand in recent years, t4 products have become widely recognized by clients, sales have been increasing, and companies have been driven to load the Andre system with more flexible applications, with expected revenues expected to double in 2018.
Figure 18: Changes in sales of t4 products, 2014-2016
In the same year, the sip protocol was launched, and ietf released sip regulation rfc3261 in 2001.
Harmonised communication means a new mode of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, i.e. a wide range of applications such as instantaneous communication, thereby increasing the freedom and efficiency of choice. The core content is that people can have access to free communication of data, images and voices at any time or place through any device, any network.
The company equipment fax function. It differs from network-level connectivity, but rather from people-centred integration and synergy, which is a higher-level idea, with a new generation of communication and the IT industry starting to merge.
The H323 agreement has been gradually replaced by the Sip protocol, which is the current mainstream protocol for voip, unified communications. According to 27.5% and 29.8% of the year, and is expected to reach 66.3% and 64.5%, respectively, in 2019, in actual ip voice network construction.
(iii) Global core producers, competing competitors, are under pressure to cosco, avaya, and a billionaire. Polycom, cosco, and avaya have experienced a significant decline in performance over the last two years and are actively seeking transformation, with increasing market competitiveness compared to the performance of the billion-dollar network.
In recent years, there has been a downward trend, with the combined Māori rate having fallen to 56.04 per cent before the de-marketing; the Cisco Māori rate has risen since 2014, but at a significantly lower rate than the 100 million United States; the G.B.C. has increased by continuously optimizing the product structure and increasing the share of high-end products in Biletti; the former U.S. NASDAQ listing company, which provides end-to-end voice, video, and video.
Figure 11: Comparison of Māori Ratios of Companies and Competing Competitions
(iv) Core competitiveness - Billions of undeterred barriers to competition in the market, ownership of core autonomous knowledge products and core technologies. Since its inception, firms have identified development strategies that place R & D as core competitiveness and long-term adherence to high R & D inputs.
Over the years, it has evolved into a multi-tiered R & D organizational structure that includes basic research, product development, product planning, and technical services, which can meet different levels of demand and planning at the same time. Corporate R & D capabilities cover areas such as id, hardware, software, audio and video base algorithms, wireless, exchange platforms, etc., and progress towards full autonomous R & D of core key technologies.
The company has a portfolio of intellectual property rights, including 94 patents in China, the European Union and the United States, as well as 31 software copyrights in China.
The most efficient inter-nuclear communications, the unique technology, the efficiency of communications, the enhancement of the audio-processing capabilities of the equipment, and the need for more efficient communication between them.
For hearing impairments, especially for the elderly, the sound is treated accordingly, increasing user-friendliness.
Hac hearing aid technology uniquely, meets the standards of hac sound resolution.
At present, the company has completed the design of two large laboratories — the Audio Laboratory and the Emc Laboratory — which were put into operation in early 2018. Both laboratories have reached national leadership levels and, when put into use, will greatly enhance the capacity and efficiency of the company's research and development, and the R & D process can be tested for technical assessment, problem detection and timely improvement.
The basic raw materials used by the unified communications terminals include chips, liquid crystal screens, casings, power sources, pcb plates, electronic chips, and other accessories.
Since its establishment, the company has obtained the approval of many authorized distributors and operators, both within and outside the country, and maintains a longer-term, stable cooperative relationship, with products sold, based on excellent product quality, rich product structure and higher value for money.
Operators are a core client group of companies. At an early stage, companies supplied their products to distributors by authorizing them to supply them, and their customers procured them mostly through issuer-owned brands; later on, as the operator market opened up further, the company became larger and larger.
As a result, in recent years, companies have gradually entered into framework procurement agreements or strategies directly with top global operators.
Makes an agreement to deliver directly to them, such as the United States verizon, at&t, Spanish Telecom, British Telecom, Australian Telecom, etc. Companies entering the list of foreign operators need to be prepared two to three years in advance, together with a product renewal plan for the next three years, and one operator usually only certifies one to two suppliers.
Distinguished from other competitors, significant barriers to competition. Figure 12: Corporate global partners, top global operators partners (part of)
iii. Significant expansion of vcs and improvement of the unified telecommunications biosphere (i) to open new business with a gradual scaling up of sales and vcs operations to a good start. The company further enriched itself with the launch of the vcs high-resolution videoconferencing system in March 2015
The vcs series focuses on small and medium-sized enterprises with offices across the country or with frequent travel to meet the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises for videoconferencing of equipment, scenarios, etc. The products are now on the market for annual products at home and abroad, as well as for market developments in recent years, with client coverage of government departments, finance, medical care, education, construction, etc.
Manufacturing and the Internet, vcs have gradually become another key product for companies, providing them with rapid income growth and a high Māori rate for their medium- and long-term development. In 2017, the company generated $895.29 million in vcs products, representing an increase of 94.59 per cent, or 6.46 per cent, over the same period. And Vcs has a Māori rate of 74.19 per cent, which is at a high level.
Average prices have declined, but they have benefited from a higher level of technology and a marked increase in the Māori rate. On the cost side, vcs system products began large-scale bulk purchases in 2016, and the cost of raw material purchases has dropped significantly: for Vcs, the core original device camera (about 40% of the cost of the Vcs full-time), the company changed the way of purchasing, from the original finished product to the company ' s own.
The purchase of raw materials, such as optical mirrors, and the commissioning of existing UFOC electronic production cameras, combined with a further annual decline in the cost of optical mirrors, has reduced the cost of cameras by about 20-30 per cent; the company has enriched the vcs product line, adding parts of vcs, which have a higher Maori rate and an overall Maori rate.
(ii) Growing industrial maturity, increasing market space and the demand for vcs videoconferencing markets, and large market space. The growing number of institutions using the uc platform worldwide, particularly the increasing demand for teleconferencing services, allows users to streamline decision-making processes and save decision time.
Data from & sullivan, the global videoconferencing market grew from $2.09 billion in 2010 to $4.50 billion in 2015 at an annual compound growth rate of 16.6 per cent. Emerging cloud services stimulate clients’ demand for integrated communications solutions to cloud platforms, and therefore demand for videoconferencing services as part of the cloud product mix will increase.
In China, videoconferencing plays an increasingly important role in raising productivity and improving cross-geographical communications. Between 2010 and 2015, the market for videoconferencing in China grew steadily, from $210 million in 2010 to 2015
With $500 million, the annual compound growth rate reached 19.2 per cent, while the demand for close links between China and the rest of the world, driven by a fast-growing economy, has increased significantly. As a result, videoconferencing applications will become more frequent and the market is expected to reach (iii) full product coverage in 2019, with strong R & D and strong competitive advantages.
Videoconferencing has a rich field of applications, with financial institutions, manufacturing, high-tech sectors worldwide occupying a large share of the market for video conferences, domestic markets being mainly government, and the vcs industry having a great deal of scope for extension in applications.
In competition for a high-quality videoconferencing system, companies use differentiated competition strategies, focusing on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and county and municipal governments, with significant price advantages and far higher value than other companies in the market.
The company's vcs product network is very relevant, simple and compatible, with smart penetrating and equipment interfaces that support remote maintenance and can accommodate the diversity of the SME network. The average person can open boxes and plug in, and use them, without hiring a special professional IT person to maintain videoconferencing equipment.
Small business input costs. At the same time, companies have been plowing the SME market for many years, with the expansion of SMEs in the future. Figure 14: Corporate vcs product series. Figure 15: Introduction to Corporate Typical Products
The company has identified research and development as its core competitiveness since its inception, a long-term development strategy based on high R & D inputs, a strategy for the implementation of end-goods, the launch in 2017 of the Vcs new terminal series of flagship vc800, a high-end product for Vcs visual terminals, and the introduction of vc800 means that the company has access to small,
The full series of vcs terminals in central and large conference rooms; the audio-visual performance of the end product, video processing capabilities, web anti-disruption packages have been further enhanced, laying the firm’s leading position at the vcs terminal. The one-point SME solution has been upgraded to reach thousands of industry users, governments, and large and medium-sized enterprises.
Video technology leads the way, with core autonomous intellectual property rights. The central experience of a unified communication terminal is audio-visual effects, technology, mainly in audio-processing and video-processing technologies, as well as embedded technologies and web-based communication technologies.
High-resolution video engines with 1080p, including H263, H.264hhprofile, etc. decoding techniques, 2d and 3d image noise mitigation technologies based on moving estimates, qos assurance technology, automatic tracking based on human face testing, and automatic exposure.
In 2018, the company made further technological upgrades to the Vcs terminal, with improvements in camera technology, video engine technology and video application technology.
(iv) Cloud deployment accelerates to secure future growth, and cloud video operations are promising. According to the industry research of frost&sullivan, cloud services and related technology will grow to a market size of $9.1 billion in 2019, of which China's hosting market will also reach $280 million in 2019
In April 2018, the company seized market trends and launched the cloud communications platform - Cloudvision, a cloud-based service platform in support of multiple videoconferences, gathering clouds, registering, penetrating, and meeting tubes.
Services modules such as administration, conference control, equipment management, etc. are integrated into a high-quality corporate full-scale viewing terminal, which provides industry clients with a secure, efficient, low-threshold, and easily deployable exposure experience. The construction of cloud platforms will greatly enhance the user experience of existing products, improve the corporate product structure, and enhance the value of products from corporate corporate corporate integrated communication terminal solutions.
The World Wide Web is the leading global provider of unified communications solutions, offering a unified personal communications desktop terminal and videoconferencing system to global business users. Companies have long been building their own brands and channels, creating good brand images and slogans in the global industry; and have been developing autonomously, with long-term technological accumulations in hardware, audio, video and software.
Research and development (R & D) capabilities, with a great deal of autonomous intellectual property and technology. For many years, companies have developed into the second-largest provider of market shares in the field of cip phones, based on the three main advantages of precision products, positioning, R & D capabilities, brands, and channels.
Technical partners are increasingly the choice of high-end users. $7.27, $9.21, or 26, 19 and 15 times the equivalent. 49 times the lowest and 80 times the average for the telecommunications industry in the past year, respectively, maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Increased competition in the market for the sip industry; vcs R&D promotion is not as popular as expected. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized. Yang Xiao, Master ' s degree, nine years of industry experience, long-term work in wireless product R&D, system delivery, solution sales, joined in August 2015
Yang Myechi, a two-year operator experience in economics at the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the civil securities in 2017. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice from the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding.