Investment rating: Increase (first) in the number of billions of United Networks (300,628) The company’s performance has continued to grow rapidly. According to the company’s 2017 performance report, the company’s battalion is in 2017.
In addition, the company is expected to earn $400 million - $415 million in business income in the first quarter of 2018, and the market space is wide. The company has entered the videoconferencing system.
Lately, the company officially launched the Vcs high-resolution video system in early 2015. In 2015 and 2016, the vcs sales volume was 1705 and 3594, respectively, with sales of $2,509.85 million and $46.0409 million, with faster growth in 2016 compared to 2015, with sales volume and sales equal to sales volume
Total revenue was $31,171.66 million, an increase of 57.45 per cent over the same period. Videos, Lee Zhiwei, have a bigger market than the ip-phone market, which, according to company announcements, is about 10 times higher than the previous one.
The company has a well-developed system of cost management and internal controls, with costs kept low, effective controls at reasonable levels and below comparable levels with the industry.
The average cost of listed companies. The company that has a better comparison with the company is Polycom. The company's Māori ratio is close to that of the company, at about 60 per cent; in terms of sales costs, the company is 20 percentage points lower than that of the company, mainly because of its marketing and sales personnel's salaries.
There is more investment in rewards and equity incentives; in terms of management costs, companies are 10 or more percentage points lower than Polyton, and the company’s management costs are still lower than Polytons, after deducting R&D expenditures. The ability of the public division to continue this advantage in the future deserves further attention.
The 17th floor of the Liam Fu Building is a prerequisite for maintaining faster growth in operations such as the company ' s sip unified telecommunications desktop terminal, the dect unified communications wireless terminal and the vcs high clean videoconferencing system, and for maintaining lower cost levels during the period.
The latest market surplus (ttm, general approach, elimination of negative values) for the communications terminal and spare parts industry was 46.04 times, and applied, we thought that the company valuation still had some room for improvement, so that for the first time, it was given a rapid increase in revenue and profits, with a significant increase in net interest rates.
The company was founded in November 2001 and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in March 2017. It is the leading global provider of Internet-based one-stop shop solutions, bringing together R & D, sales and services, and providing intelligent and efficient business communication terminal solutions to global business clients through external processing. Since its inception, the company has focused on providing products and services to small and medium-sized enterprises.
The first four natural owners of the company were Wu Chung Yi (with 21.43 per cent shares), Chen Ji-song (with 17.41 per cent shares), Lu Yong-fu (with 10.71 per cent shares), Zhou Ji-wei (with 8.04 per cent shares), four of the founders of the company, Chen Ji-song, the Chairman and General Manager of the company, Wu, the Vice-President of the company, Lu Yong-fu and Zhou Ji-sung, both directors and deputy general managers of the company.
The company ' s products are classified according to technical specifications and functionality and can be divided into three main categories, namely, the sip unified communications desktop terminal, the dect unified communications wireless terminal and the vcs high-quality videoconferencing system, and other related products. The sip unified communications desktop terminal is the owner of the company ' s revenues and profits.
New products introduced in 2015 currently account for a smaller share of corporate income and profits, with operating income accounting for 4.72 per cent in the first half of 2017, net profits and a steady increase in corporate gross domestic product (Māori) and lower cost, leading to a significant increase in net corporate interest rates.
For the last five years, the company’s roa, roe, roic products and services have been oriented towards the enterprise’s communications market.
Book functions, group radios, autophones, bulk deployments, enterprise traffic records, system collection success, etc. Word systems go to unified communications.ip enterprise communications is a cross-application of traditional enterprise communications technology and computer network technology, with the core of the voip.ip communications protocol system early in the year.
There are two main camps: the h.323 agreement, which focuses on telecommunications standards, and the sip agreement, which focuses on Internet standards. The sip agreement is more open and extended, and later on, and has attracted the attention of telecommunications operators and end manufacturers. After 2000, the development of network infrastructure, interconnection protocols and technology, and terminal equipment has been gaining momentum.
Monthly variations have resulted in a rich variety of forms of communication based on traditional pstn means of communication, which have greatly improved user experience, as well as ip communication. Uniform communication refers to a new mode of communication that integrates Internet technology with traditional communication technologies, i.e. the integration of the Internet with traditional communication networks, allowing free communication of data, images and voices at any time or place, through any device, any network.
Figure 11: The unified communications system structure sip terminals are based on the sip protocol.
It is expected to reach 20.5 million in 2019 and 22.9 per cent in Cagr in 2015-2019, with a lower rate of income from end-of-end sales due to falling prices. 2.3 The videoconferencing system refers to individuals or groups in two or more different locations who transmit the media through the various communication media available, bringing people into contact.
The distribution of static, dynamic images, voice, text, pictures, etc. to various user terminals (links to television, computers) has led to a geographical development of digital videoconferencing from analogue to digital videoconferencing systems to uniform standards, which has progressively progressed from point-to-point to multiple points, from wire-to-wire, from function-sing to functionality-to-full.
The videoconferencing system is divided into software videoconferencing systems and hardware videoconferencing systems. The software videoconferencing is a pc-based video-communication formula, which relies mainly on cpu-processed audio video decoding, with the greatest features being cheap and open and software integration facilities. Hardware videoconferencing is a video-communication method based on embedded structures, with dsp+ embedded software for visual audio processing, network communications and meeting functions.
According to the analysis of the advisory body, frost&sullivan, the global market for videoconferencing equipment and services reached $3.2 billion in 2013, and is estimated to grow to $6.3 billion by 2016, with the market growing rapidly.
For hardware terminals, there were 83,000 hardware conference terminals (including conference room terminals and personal terminals) in 2015, a significant increase of 43.1 per cent compared to 2014, with a high market concentration of videoconferencing equipment. According to idc data, in the first half of 2015, the top five manufacturers in the industry were China.
The market share is 85.6 per cent for Bolliton, Cisco, Mid-Sung, Koda.3 The global uc terminal leads, reaching out to the videoconferencing system, mainly for small and medium-sized enterprises, tending to the lower and lower end, with prices well below those of Polycom.
Foreign manufacturers, such as Grandstream, as well as domestic manufacturers such as Grandstream, Tang Go-hung, Hua-hung, Naka-Hing. According to frost&sullvan, the company was in the top of the domestic market in 2015 with a market share of 29.20%, and the company was in the national convention system in 2015 based on sales. The main products can be further broken down into: t2, t3, t4, t5, t6, vp, dect, etc.
The t6 series is aimed primarily at odm clients, and the others are company brands. The t4 and t5 series of t5 products are advanced to high-end markets. t4 product sales are faster than in the t2 series, with sales of 132 million yuan, 246 million yuan and 438 million yuan in 2014-2016, respectively.
Figure 26: Sales of company-sip products in the 2014-2016 series, 3.2 company-plus videoconferencing system, market space company access to videoconferencing system late, and company-run Vcs high-resolution video system in early 2015.
System sales were 1705 and 3594, respectively, for $25,098.85 million and $46.0409 million, with faster growth in 2016 relative to 2015, with sales and sales increasing by 110.79 per cent and 83.44 per cent respectively. In the first half of 2017, company vcs had a high-quality videoconference, which was larger than the market for ip phones, and the latter was estimated to be about 10 times higher than the previous one, according to company announcements.
In its first public release, the company intends to use $374 million for research and development and industrialization of the high-resolution videoconferencing system. The company will complete the project with the system terminal vc400, the single-way terminal vc120, the high-resolution camera vcc18, which includes the integrated multi-point control unit function.
The research and development mission resulted in a portfolio of products geared to different application scenarios, which provided participants with an efficient and high-quality video experience, improved teamwork and built a complete unified and coordinated communication system, which was completed on 31 December of the year.
Four companies have significant cost control capabilities, with sales costs and management costs significantly lower than those of the Bollyton Corporation, which has well-established cost management systems and internal control systems, with cost rates kept low, effective controls at reasonable levels and lower than the average cost of listed companies comparable to those of the industry.
The companies that are more comparable to companies are Polycom, which was listed in NASDAQ and privatized in September 2016, 20%. The company ' s Māori ratio is close to that of the BMW, at around 60%, and the company ' s Māori ratio has steadily increased in 2012-2016, while the BMW rate has declined slightly. In terms of sales cost, the company is more than 20 percentage points lower than the BMW, mainly because the BMW is in market extension.
More investment in face, salesmen's remuneration and equity incentives, while companies rely mainly on overseas authorized distributors to expand their markets, with less spending on sales except for salaries and travel costs, while companies strictly manage their sales expenditures, target sales activities and keep sales at a lower level; in terms of management cost rates, companies are 10 percentage points lower than Polyton, after deducting R & D expenditures.
Cost management is still lower than BMW. The ability of companies to continue to have such significant advantages in the future is a matter of further concern. Figure 31: Comparison of management costs between companies and BMW, Figure 32: Comparison of management costs between companies and BMW (net of R & D expenditure)
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: