China Construction (601668) Construction decorations are well on track and are valued at the bottom of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company published its annual 2021 report, which achieved business income of $18.0134 billion in 2021, an increase of 17.1 per cent over the same year, resulting in a net profit attributable to shareholders of $51.41 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent over the same year, and an increase of eps1.23. 14.4 per cent of the total length of the business, the company ' s home construction business continued to be a leader in the mid- and high-end market in 2021.
Long-term, income of $41 billion, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the previous year; continued healthy development of real estate operations, an increase of $3.309 billion in operating income, an increase of 22 per cent over the previous year; exploration of design operations, an increase of $10.8 billion in operating income, an increase of $5,542,91 million in the fourth quarter of the year, an increase of 2.85 per cent over the same period in the previous year; and realization of a net return to the mother
In 2021, the company achieved a gross profit of $214.2 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the period of the company, and an increase of 0.7 percentage points over the same period, mainly in the pre-sale period.
The increase in advertising inputs and the scale of operations has resulted in increased management activities and financial needs. The net cash inflows into corporate operations have been $14.4 billion, a decrease of $5.9 billion over the same period, mainly as a result of the increase in current payments for engineering, real estate development and purchase loans.
In 2021, the company entered into a contract of 3.5 trillion yuan with a new contract of 0.8 trillion dollars, representing a 24.1 per cent increase in the construction business structure.
Real estate operations have maintained sound and sustainable high-quality development, and the competitive advantage is expected to expand. In 2021, the company acquired a new land reserve of 1,842,000 square metres. At the end of the period, the company had a land reserve of 1,039,500 square metres. The share of real estate stock is abundant, both on the first line and in the provincial capitals is over 70 per cent.
In this context, the Haitian side of the company has actively adapted its business strategy to accelerate the development of business patterns that are complemented by new and emerging operations, such as residential product development, high-quality business development and operation, and educational well-being, while enhancing the depth of national strategic areas such as the Great Bay Area, the Long Triangle and Kyuzin.
The current supply side reforms in the real estate sector are accelerating, companies are operating with high-quality strategies, and competitive advantages are expected to expand further.
China’s architecture is one of the oldest, most market-oriented, integrated, and largest investment-building groups in the world, leading the industry in the fields of housing construction, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate development and investment, and exploration and design. China’s architecture is ranked 13th in the wealth world’s 500th highest ranking in 2021.
For nine years in a row, China's top three in the Fortune 500 ranking, and in the United States Engineering News Record (enr), one of the most developed, market-oriented, highly integrated and globally largest investment-building groups in the country. China Construction Ltd., a major company in China and above, operates for the platform and owns it.
China’s construction is one of the country’s most powerful investors. The main investments are in real estate development, investment-in-investment construction, and city-town construction.
China’s architecture is the world’s largest engineering contractor.
It covers all areas of urban construction and each of the components of the project. It has an integrated design, construction and land development capability. It has a complete industrial chain of construction products from product technology development, survey design, real estate development, engineering contracting, equipment manufacturing, asset operations, property management, etc... The vast majority of the country is 300 metres or more, with a large number of high technology content.
The construction of complex structures is carried out by Chinese buildings. Keeping the middle- and high-end market leading, has always insisted on accelerating the digital transformation, actively promoting green construction, intelligent construction, and industrialization of buildings, and continuously consolidating the absolute advantages in the area of housing construction.
The rapid growth of models, the persistence of technological innovation leading to breakthroughs in critical infrastructure technologies, continuous upgrading of project performance management capacity, the achievement of high-quality performance in a large number of priority projects such as the Trans-Maritime and the Trans-Maritime Rivers, and investment in corporate real estate development The firm is committed to implementing a national regulatory policy to guarantee the continued healthy development of real estate operations, with companies owning writing buildings, hotels, hotels, etc. at the end of 2021
(c) Standardized design, exploring the “engineering master contractor plus architect” model, leading the entire industry chain through design lead
In an increasingly complex overseas business environment, companies focus on niche markets, deep-farming priority markets, and operating towards high-quality development, with a steady increase in revenue performance. In 2020, China ' s construction contract was the first to break out of $3 trillion.
In addition to the above, the company signed a new contract of $3.53 trillion a year, representing an increase of 10.3 per cent, and updated the global order records for the construction industry; achieved operating income of $1.89 trillion, representing an increase of 17.1 per cent, which is the best achievement of history; and achieved its ownership of the public market.
The Māori rate for construction operations has been relatively stable and the Māori rate for design exploration has steadily increased. In 2021, Māori rates for housing, infrastructure, real estate design exploration operations were relatively high. Māori rates for individual operations were more stable than for the same period the previous year, with Māori rates stable for construction operations, and real estate development and investment operations affected by property policy regulation and a decline in Māori.
It is clear that companies have continued to move forward with the transformation of their survey design operations, with incremental and stable growth in Māori. In 2021, the combined Māori costs were $91.76 billion over four periods of time in 2021, representing an increase of 35.2 per cent.
The three-fee ratio remained stable, the asset-liability ratio declined steadily, and the profitability of the asset-liability ratio was good. In 2021, company-to-market ratios were expected to rise even further as the supply side of the company’s marketing, management, and finance industry accelerated. Under the strict supervision of the three red lines of real estate, more than one private-sector business with a high leverage was at risk in 2021, and it is expected that it will gradually exit the market or slow down in the future.
Zhang, real estate sector supply side reforms will accelerate, presenting a “remaining king” pattern. Financial resources and land resources will be tilted towards financially sound green estates, especially national firms, while leading firms are expected to consolidate their M & As in the industry. The market share is expected to contribute about RMB 40.16 billion annually, representing 78% of China’s total home-to-home net profit.
The firm’s business strategy, sound financial indicators, has contributed to a steady rise in corporate-city participation. Assuming that: 1 per cent of the company’s housing construction orders for 2021 grew at an 8 per cent rate, we assume that the housing build-up rate will grow at a year-on-year rate, assuming that 2 per cent of the company’s capital-building operations are being optimized, with rapid growth in size, with 2021 newly signed single-year growth of 24.1 per cent, wi.
Assumption 3: Real estate development and investment operations are influenced by the country ' s macro-regulation policy, with sales falling by 2/10 per cent in 2021 as compared to sales on the same basis, long-term robust business strategies for Haitian and Chinese property under the corporate umbrella, excellent financial indicators, strong financing capacity, competitive advantages expected to be further strengthened, and estate operations maintained a certain level of growth but were subject to large macro-environmental impacts.
Assumption 4: the company continues to move forward with the transformation of its mapping operations, and the efficiency gains remain robust, with the Māori rate remaining at 21.0%. Based on these assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for the company for 2022-2024 as follows: downside macroeconomic risk, real estate policy change risk, capital investment less than expected risk.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.