China Source Certificates on 16/05/05/2024
Three Gorges Energy (600905.sh) - The new energy platform under the auspices of the Three Gorges Group is waiting for the green power mechanism to be streamlined, and the Tri Gorge flagship is “the strategic implementer of the new energy business of the Three Gorges Group”. The company is on the market for the Tri Gorge flagship.
Liu Xiao Ning Tai, as of March 2024, the tri-gorge group held 28.11% of the shares directly and 20.96% indirectly through the Yangtze Tri-Gorge Investment Management Company Ltd. In addition to the tri-gorge energy, the tri-gorge group includes the Yangtze electricity, the north-hubei energy and the tri-gorge water (composite energy).
In terms of volume, the company's new energy sources are already in the range of thousands of kilowatts, 4.4 per cent of the national market, of which the cumulative capacity of the offshore wind power plant is 5,49 million kilowatts, representing the country's share of the market.
Liu Xiaoning is the country ' s largest listed company in the sea wind movement, with a photovoltage capacity of 1982 kW or 3.25 per cent of the national market, and an absolute volume of photovoltage is also at the top of a+h share.
Receivables continue to be a central constraint to the expansion of corporate valuations and expect better returns from subsidized items. The company, and indeed the entire green plate, has performed poorly since 2022, and the delay in the recovery of subsidy payments remains the main factor. As a result of subsidy arrears, the company has experienced a surge in its stock receivables (including receivables) in recent years, reaching $36.72 billion by the end of December 2023.
Given that the net profits of the company are almost equal to the value added of the receivables, market concerns about the pace of subsidy recovery continue to stifle the company’s valuation. But from the valuation point of view, we analyse the current market’s response to the delay in the recovery of the subsidy, and recommend that close attention be paid to the recovery of the subsidy, and that the policy benefits be expected to become firm trends.
In addition to accounts receivable, another important factor in our analysis of green share price constraints is market concerns about the rate of return on new projects, which are backed by premature exposure to new energy instability and unanticipated stress on the power system. In terms of institution-building, a new round of top-level documentation was held in July 2023 to build a multilayered electricity market system adapted to new energy developments. But the current spot market is being built.
Progress is ahead of other mechanisms, carbon market construction is lagging, the environmental value of new sources of energy is difficult to capture, and the lack of credit is putting downward pressure on spot prices. We analyse that further development of the two-carbon strategy will require supporting mechanisms to protect the carrier, especially the carbon market, green power trading, and associated carbon-electric synergies, which will be a bottom-up driver of green plate trend opportunities.
On the whole, at this point in time, the rate of return is high and objective, and we analyse the three observed indicators for the new energy sector over the next two years: the growth rate of the new loads, the progress of the carbon market, and the reduction of non-technical costs. The biggest bottom of the new energy sector is the rigid constraint of the double carbon strategy.
Sex, with multiple benefits, such as disciplining/demand recovery/prior price reduction in the chain of industry, the end-of-service rate of return is expected to converge towards stable-type utilities. Policy benefits are expected to act as a catalyst for corporate trends. \triangleright
As comparable companies, Gazero, Crystal Science, and Technology have a clear size advantage, covering for the first time, and giving an “enhanced” rating. In the context of company operations and installation planning, we expect that the company’s net profit from 2024-2026 will be split between flat-post companies, covering for the first time and giving an “enhanced” rating.
But we think that at this point in time, the green plate is real, but the share price response is adequate.
We believe that, with the passage of time, green electricity investment will eventually return to rationality, and will be in the midst of chaos/demand recovery/industry.
The policy benefits are expected to act as a catalyst for corporate trends. The price risks after the off-the-shelf market has landed; the drop-out rate is higher than expected; and the share of support services is higher than expected.
The Three Gorge Group new energy operating platform, which is co-ordinated with the land and sea co-existing of the Three Gorge Group flagship platform, “The strategic implementer of the new energy business of the Three Gorges group”. The company is the Tri Gorge flagship platform, which, as of the end of March 2024, had a direct share of 28.11 per cent and is managed through investment in the Yangtze III Gorge.
In addition to the three gorges' energy, the three gorges' listed companies include Yangtze Power (the world's largest hydroelectric company), Hubei Energy (the integrated power platform in the north of the lake) and Tri gorge Water (the integrated energy business).
By the end of December 2023, the company had a cumulative capacity of 1.942 million kilowatts, or 4.4 per cent of its share of the national market.
Wa, which accounts for 14.73 per cent of the national market share, is the country ' s largest listed company in the sea wind movement; the photovoltage has a capacity of 1982 kW, or 3.25 per cent of the country ' s market share, and the amount of photovoltage absolute body is also at the top of the a+h share.
The overall profit volume has grown steadily since listing, and the company ' s performance in 2023 has been constrained by changes in accounting standards. The company ' s performance has grown steadily in recent years, with the financial advantage and the sea wind concentrating of production following its listing in 2021 and its return in 2021, according to the new version of Enterprise Accounting Standard Interpretation 15, which was introduced in the country on 1 January 2022, fixed assets.
During the trial production phase before the conversion, the test production normally calculates operating income, but does not account for depreciation, which can easily lead to a high profit margin before the fixed asset is stabilized. By contrast, in accordance with the 2021 and prior accounting rules, the test production was offset against construction work on the basis of the difference between the sale price and the direct cost, without prejudice to the profit statement.
For companies, because our sea wind subsidy requirement was full-capacity connectivity at the end of 2021, the company carried out a lot of grabs at the end of 2021. But our definition of full-capacity connectivity is that it dates back 12 months to the same region for an average annual gain of 50% of the same type of aircraft, which is considered full-capacity networking time.
The year-end sea winds are still in the trial phase in the first half of 2022, defined as the “test production phase” of accounting rules. For new energy, the trial production phase was only income, no depreciation, the Māori rate was close to 100 per cent, and the test period was slightly longer than normal in the first half of 2022, owing to the concentration of the sea winds and the netting, thus increasing profits over the same period of the previous year to some extent.
Receivables continue to be a central constraint to the expansion of corporate valuations and expect better returns from subsidized items. The company and the entire green plate have performed poorly since 2022, and the delay in the recovery of subsidies remains the main factor. Subsidized amounts reached $40.1 billion at the end of March of the year.
On a scale, the market’s concerns about the pace of subsidy recovery continue to stifle companies’ valuations. But from a valuation perspective, we have analysed the current market’s response to the lag in subsidy recovery, suggesting that close attention be paid to subsidy recovery, and that policy benefits are expected to act as a catalyst for corporate trends.
Figure 3: Size of corporate accounts receivable (millions of dollars) 2. The new energy industry has entered the second half of the silent treatment mechanism, and in addition to the accounts receivable, another important factor in our analysis of green share prices is market concerns about the rate of return on new projects.
In July 2023, a new round of power-upping documentation was overtaken by a multi-layered unified electricity market system adapted to new energy developments. But, now, spot-market construction is ahead of other mechanisms, carbon market construction is lagging far behind, and the environmental value of new energy sources is difficult to capture.
The value of electricity = energy value + time value + environmental value, as seen in the framework of the new power system mechanisms, which in the past were relatively low in terms of the time value of new energy sources, was neither affordable nor positive in terms of environmental value, and the national roots, where energy value was approved according to the permitted rate of return, led to a relatively stable rate of return on new energy sources.
However, as the off-the-shelf market moves fast, the disadvantage of distorting the timing of new energy generation and the demand for electricity is included in the pricing paradigm, and practice shows that, given the time value, new energy prices have not yet arrived. The lack of synchronization in the construction of mechanisms has led to a sharp fall in the prices of new energy off-the-shelf markets, and concerns about rates of return are central to the suppression of new energy plates.
At the same time, however, in the context of the new paradigm, the CNR calls for “a shift in the development of new energy sources from scale to specialization and convergence, with new energy operations gradually concentrating on new energy owners and advantaged firms” and for new energy operations to move into the second half of high-quality development, with industry leaders expected to benefit.
A shift in the integration of new energy specialization in central enterprises from individual coordination to corporate integration, a shift in new energy management from fragmentation to profitability, a shift in new energy operations from single-handed to win-win sharing, a shift in new energy development from scale expansion to specialization and intensification, and a shift in the new energy intelligence of central enterprises in January 2023
In order to develop a new energy industry, the central enterprise concerned will need to take into account the region in which the project is located, the benefits of investment, the quality of its services, the quality of its assets, and the orderly operation of new energy investments, including the transformation of new energy numbers, professional operations, and co-development.
A member of the party committee and deputy director, Ong-Jemin, spoke with strong cooperation to effectively avoid “one-stop” and excessive competition, and new energy operations in the future would gradually be concentrated on new energy masters and advantaged enterprises, with high levels of professional performance and intensive chemicals management.
Projects that are highly competent and operationally efficient can operate independently. Projects that deviate from the main business, have high operating costs and lack managerial capacity should operate and cooperate more widely, in a wider field and deeper specialization through shared services, commissioning, reorganization and integration.
February 2023 State Committee of the State Council Circular on matters related to the further expansion of central enterprise investment management in 2023, which requires central enterprises to focus further on the principal sector, the development of the real economy and the improvement of the quality and efficiency of effective investments
In the long term, the biggest bottom card for the new energy sector is the hard constraints of a two-carbon strategy, and there is no doubt about the long-term demand. Short-term consumption problems and the burden of returns are objective, and we analyse the three observed indicators for the new energy industry over the next two years: the growth rate of new loaders, the progress of the carbon market, and the reduction of non-technical costs.
1) Increase in the speed of new loaders: top-level design, NCC re-introduces the high-quality development of new sources of energy to curb blind investment, but the pass-through rate test may be relaxed, stimulating enthusiasm for new loaders, electricity prices and the number of hours used may have some downward pressure. 2) Carbon market progress: Ministry of Eco-Environment, October 2023, included chemicals, construction materials, etc. in greenhouse gas verification.
In January 2024, the President and Vice-President of the Party Committee of the China Non-ferrous Metals Industry Association indicated that the Ministry of Eco-Environment was currently organizing research on key core issues of carbon market expansion; a joint submission by the three ministries and departments entitled " Notice to strengthen the link between green electricity certification and energy-saving carbon reduction policies to significantly promote non-fossil energy consumption " was expected to raise the environmental value of green electricity.
3) Non-technical cost mitigation: In October 2023, the National Energy Agency issued a communication focusing on the correction of inappropriate market interventions in the development of new energy sources and pumping storage energy, calling for a restructuring based on the principle of “whom-in-charge”, with a view to ending the “resource-for-industry” model and safeguarding the interests of new energy developers.
On April 26, the National Energy Agency issued the Rules for the Issuance and Trading of Green Power Certificates for Renewable Energy (Appropriation Draft), which make it clear that electricity can be separated and provide the basis for further improvements in the efficiency of green trades, but the reverse still needs to be rationalized. Our analysis of this National Energy Agency document is positive for the development of the green power sector, but still more so.
Supply-side mechanisms, which are now more important for green power sector development, include demand-side mechanisms. The appropriate expansion of monitoring of carbon emissions in energy-intensive sectors, tightening of free carbon quotas, green certification as a means of eliminating renewable energy sources, and the creation of green-card credit mechanisms for carbon emissions, i.e., carbon-electric cycles, are contributing to green power sector development and support.
The sea winds have made substantial progress, future approvals have become normal, and the sea winds are expected to lead the way out of the valley. When the sea winds have entered the price-neutral era, some of the sea winds have been pushed slowly by military, shipping, and policy issues, leading to the 14th and 5th pre-seas period.
The wind grew less than expected, with the approval of the 2.7gw Sea Wind Project in Jiangsu Province at the end of 2023, and the issuance of a pilot tender announcement for the Guangdong Qingzhou Project, which meant that several of the main factors that were used to suppress the sea wind approvals were largely addressed. This was followed by a competitive landing of 23gw Sea Wind in Guangdong Province at the end of 2023, with the expected start of a match in Jiangsu Province in the first half of 2024, with the provinces of Guangxi and Fujian as well.
Speeding up the approval of projects, taking into account the larger scale of planning in the distant sea, is expected to lead to a normalization of future sea winds approvals. From the point of view of the industrial chain, the eastern coastal provinces have relatively tight electricity supply and demand patterns, which are significantly lower than the “three-north” provinces, and most provinces have access to the Internet at sea-level prices, meaning that the profits from falling prices at the end of the manufacture will be retained in the operators.
The most recent offshore windmill (with a pylons) won a bid price of $3680/kw, almost half the 2021 maximum price, and, in the context of the Internet parity, the profits from the operation of the offshore wind project were considerable, and we measured that the capital was still 12-15%.
The plate-plating company, for the first time, was covered with an “enhanced” rating. 1) The price of electricity is at risk after the spot market has landed, there is still a regional, temporal overflow of new energy sources, and the price of electricity may be at a downside risk when the spot market mechanism has landed.
2) The drop-out rate is higher than expected, and during the construction of the new energy high-speed, some parts of the country suffer from severe problems, and the drop-off can be expected to be more than shared in the support services.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.