A steady increase in performance, with reserve stocks leading to a decline in cash flow : incident: Shen Fei China issued the 2018 report, which generated revenues of $20.151 billion, an increase of 356 per cent, a net profit of $743 million to the mother, an increase of 5.16 per cent, and a consolidated report of the subsidiary Shen Fei.
▪ A steady increase in earnings of the aircraft-manufacturing industry of billions of yuan, or 5.16 per cent over the same period; the combined account of the subsidiary Shen Fei achieved business income of $20.15 billion; the business was carried out and operated through the wholly-owned subsidiary Shen Fei, with a low growth in business income and profits of the company
The growth rate of Shen Fei, a wholly-owned subsidiary, was due to a significant asset restructuring in 2017, the filling of orders and a decline in cash flow due to reserve stock, which was $235 million in 2018, a significant increase over the previous year of $3.266 billion in net operating cash flows.
Decreased, and also significantly lower than the parent ' s net profit of $743 million. From operating cash inflows and outflows, corporate cash inflows and outflows decreased considerably, taking into account the recovery of payments received by the company at the end of 2017 as a result of the end of the military reform
A high increase in compoundity, with a decline in the year-on-year receipt of goods in 2018, is normal, but because net operating cash flows account for a small proportion of total cash inflows, there is a significant variation in net cash flows by the same year. According to the supplementary information in the cash flow table, the reason for net operating cash flows is that they are smaller than net profits.
Since the end of 2017, there has been a marked increase in the company’s inventory, which, as can be seen from the notes to the annual report, was mainly higher in products at the end of 2018, with a 38% increase in book value compared to the same year.
The advance collection at the end of 2018 was maintained at a high level, indicating that the order was still full and that, on balance, although the company had a significant decline in its net operating cash flow in 2018, it had generally passed 1, " Medium Air Shen Flying " (600,760): steady.
Good camp conditions, full orders, smooth progress in production and delivery, promotion of balanced production and significant improvement in operating cash flows” 2018-10-23
We believe that the following forward-looking indicators can serve as a reference for future performance expectations:
The company expects to purchase associated transactions in 2019 for raw materials, fuel, power, etc. from related parties.
Incident: Shen Fei China issued the 2018 report, which generated revenues of $20.151 billion, an increase of 356 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $743 million for mothers, an increase of 5.16 per cent in the same year, a combined operating income of $20.15 billion for subsidiaries of Shen Fei Company, an increase in the same year
The company's operating income and profit growth rate, which was lower than that of Shen Fei, a wholly owned subsidiary, was the result of the business impact of the company's major asset restructuring in 2017, the impact of the previous year's operations, and the lower financial costs were the result of the increase in net interest income on a par.
With orders full, reserve stocks have led to a decline in cash flow, a significant reduction in the net profit from mother-to-child return of $743 million.Countries of business cash inflows and outflows have been significantly reduced.
In view of the high and resilient growth in loans received by companies at the end of 2017 as a result of the end of the military reform, it was normal to receive less money in 2018, but the ratio of net cash flows to total cash inflows was very significant, given the small proportion of net operating cash flows.
As can be seen from the supplementary information in the statement of cash flows, the net operating cash flow was lower than net profit owing to the increase in inventory. Since the end of 2017, there has been a marked increase in the company's inventory on the books. As can be seen from the notes to the annual report, the increase in inventory at the end of 2018 was mainly in products, with a 38 per cent increase in book value compared to the same year.
In addition, the company ' s advance collection at the end of 2018 was maintained at a high level, indicating that the current order was still full.
Overall, while the company experienced a significant decline in its operating net cash flow year-on-year ratio in 2018, the overall performance was good, with orders full and production and delivery well advanced.
We believe that the following forward-looking indicators can be used as a reference for future performance expectations: According to the annual report, the company plans to achieve business income of 22.26 billion yuan in 2019 and a net profit of 812 million yuan, an increase of 9.3 per cent and 8.85 per cent, respectively, over the same period;
This represents a compound increase in net profit deductions in the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year before the release of the draft bulletin The development and development of military aircraft has not progressed as expected and cash flows from the main military industrial plant have fluctuated considerably.