On March 15th, 2019, the army upgraded its equipment to support the development of the potential of the reform of the military-industrial system.
In the evening of 14 March, China and China announced their financial statements for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of hundreds of millions of yuan, an increase of 5.16 per cent over the same period of the previous year; net profit of 710 million yuan, net profit net, net of non-recurrent gains and losses, was significantly higher.
The company is one of the two major producers of war planes. The company’s products include Dynamite-11, Dynamite-15, Dynamite-16 and other current air force and naval aviation.
Aerial defense equipment manufacturing is a highly skilled and resource-intensive industry with a long production cycle and large inputs, one of the main reasons for limiting the company’s growth rate. At the same time, the company’s current product is largely sold internally, while the price for within-service sales is set by the country.
Restrictions on the pricing of domestic military goods have also affected the profitability of companies. Under the direction of the 19-year-old Power Force, our air force and naval aviation are at the top/lowest price of 52 weeks of equipment renewal.
During the peak period, companies are expected to remain fully productive for five years, supporting their steady growth.
Recent reports that a comment draft on the reform of the military price-fixing mechanism has been officially sent to the military and industrial blocs in the provinces mark the beginning of a substantial phase of the reform of the envisaged military price-fixing mechanism. The current pricing of military goods is based on a cost-plus model, which results in a low rate of full-scale Maori, to the detriment of the military.
The build-up of capital by military-industrial enterprises reduces the ability of military-industrial enterprises to reinvest. On the other hand, the build-up pricing has also led to a lack of incentives for military-industrial enterprises to reduce production costs, which is detrimental to military-industrial enterprises.
To improve R & D and production efficiency is not to the detriment of military-industrial development. According to the current revelations, the main way to reform will be for the military to authorize the main plant to manage the supply chain, and the benefits will be shared between the military and the main plant.
Benefiting from the reform process. Thanks to the dividends of the reform, corporate profitability is expected to increase significantly, with the public having the potential to grow into an international defense giant comparable to Lockheed Martin.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.