Strong efforts were made to promote balanced production, with Shen Fei's performance stable at 3.56 per cent on 15 March 2019; net return to mothers was 743 million yuan, an increase of 5.16 per cent over the same period.
In 2018, the company achieved a net return of $743 million, a slight 5.16 per cent increase over the same period, and performance growth was lower than expected in wind, mainly as a result of the company ' s major asset restructuring in 2017 and its operational impact.
During this period, the subsidiary, Shen Fei, achieved a net return profit of $743 million, an increase of 14.90% over the same period, with steady growth in performance. The firm pushed for balanced production and strongly guaranteed the successful completion of the annual business plan.
On January 12, 2018, the company officially changed its name to “Silver Shen Fei” and the Shen Fei Group as a whole was brought to the market. The company was successfully completed as the only market platform for a striker. The core products include heavy strikers - 11.
Ship-borne strikers 15, heavy strike bombers 16, and four-generation aircraft fc-31. In 2012-2017, company directors, product structures continued to optimize, and company performance was expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
\triangleright, World Air Force, shows that only 37% of the SLA fighters are in three generations, well below 70% of the U.S. Army.
Shen Fei’s shareholding + equity incentives, with companies looking forward to future development, is expected to reach 10% if the target cost of stimulating profit ceilings of 5%. Shen Fei’s role as a sculptor master, future profitability, or will continue to increase.
The implementation of the incentive plan will further improve the mechanism of corporate motivation, define the interests of core personnel and companies, and safeguard the growth of corporate performance.
3. China ' s Shen Fei (600,760) In-depth report: China
We're looking at the company's long-term 47x and 42x, compared to 19-year-old p65x, and we're giving it a "recommended" rating.
The rate of installation of military aircraft is lower than expected: government support is lower than expected A summary of the company's financial statement data projections The author has either a qualification in portfolio investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure that the reports are based on compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,