Last year's performance was steady, and this year we're returning to rapid growth.
The company issued its annual financial report for 2018, which enabled the company to collect $20.151 billion, an increase of 356 per cent, and a net return profit of $743 million, an increase of 5.16 per cent.The company ' s 18-year growth rate compared to 17-year-olds, with the company completing a major asset reorganization on 20 November 2017, will result in Shenzhen flying.
Figure 1: Business income for 2015-2018 and the rate of increase (millions of dollars)
With a sharp decline in sales costs of 56.18% over the year, management costs of 11.42% over the year, and financial costs due to higher net interest income, the company’s balanced production performance is clear and is expected to show better performance in the first quarter of this year. The company’s balanced production target is “1225,” and the company achieves revenue of 1.746 billion yuan in the first quarter, 4.512 billion yuan in the second quarter, 5,336 million yuan in the third quarter and 8,558 million yuan in the fourth quarter.
More tomorrow's performance. But, according to the “1225” standard, the first and fourth quarters of 18 years are low, the second and third quarters are high, according to the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, are expected to grow at a higher rate than the first quarter of 18 years. The fourth quarter is underperforming, and most of the military goods should be confirmed by the end of the year.
Revenue recognition, therefore, does not exclude the possibility of military aircraft-adjusted differentials not entering the 18-year statement. Figure 3: Māori sales rate and net interest rate of company 2015-2018. Equity incentives determine that the company’s 19-year performance will increase faster.
On 24 November 2018, the company announced the completion of the first phase of the Restricted Stock Incentives Scheme, under the Equity Incentives Scheme, the first period of the company's equity unlocking part of the condition that “the compound net profit growth rate for the preceding fiscal year could be unlocked as fast as for the preceding fiscal year as for the preceding fiscal year” The company's inventory and receivables continued to grow at a faster rate, guaranteeing the initial power of 19 years to achieve faster growth.
At the end of 18 years, the company ' s inventory stood at $9,771 million, an increase of $1.9 billion (23.37 per cent) over the beginning of the period, indicating that some products had not been paid by the end of the year and that they had contributed to the rapid growth of its performance in 19 years. In addition, the company ' s accounts receivable of $2,387 million, an increase of $628 million (35.70 per cent) over the same period, had also contributed to the realization of 19 years.
The company’s future needs are large, and its potential for development is high. The Shen Fei Group’s main military models include the third generation/third generation of the 11 generation series and the 16-and-four generation of the 31-generation aircraft, which are now in bulk.
Half a warplane with a strong 16-manufacturing capability, a sea-to-sea high-performance bomber, has entered the age of full-scale three-generation mechanism capacity by 20 generations, and is expected to achieve significant demand orders on a continuous basis with a differential advantage. Dump 31 is expected to be a four-generation aircraft, and the space for demand growth is to be expected.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies