Short-term performance under pressure, long-term view of server pcb flex release and abf board break-through Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) after 26 April, company reports issued for the first quarter of 2023.
Corporate q1 performance is slightly lower than expected, and we believe that this is mainly due to a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 deep 1 industry demand: pcb industry at the end of the cycle, one quarter of communications, servers, steam.
Disaggregated industries, such as cars, performed poorly, bt board demand did not recover (the wrapping industry was in a low condition during the first quarter), and pcb&boards as a whole remained at low crop productivity levels.2 New capacity climbs up the slope: bt board without tin II, pcb Nord III, front-loaders
The high cost, which cost the company’s profitability, is high, and the high-speed server pcb technology is ahead, and the long-term view of the company’s high-end product layout is projected by Trendforce to be 15.4 per cent higher in 23 years and a compound increase in 23-27 years.
At 12.2%, pcb was one of the key components of the one server, the layer was raised from whitley flat to m7; the asp increased to three times that of the normal server, amounting to more than $10,000, and was significantly upgraded. The company's deep-deep server high-speed panels have been ahead of us for many years, with technology leading, based on our calculations.
The Division’s 22-year data centre server board accounts for about 14 per cent of the pcb collection. ..bt board bottom is deep, and concerns about technology breaking the global board market space by about $17 billion, nearly 60 per cent of which is a more difficult abfboard.
In a large chip encapsulation, the chipplet technology bends overcarriage, and the abf board will be well suited to the current situation.
According to our research, the company's abf board is ahead of schedule, and the Guangzhou project will be connected to the factory in 23q4. 1. Deep South circuit (002916.sz):
2. Deep south circuits (002916.sz): 3. Deep south circuits (002916.sz):
This report is presented independently and objectively, using information of legal compliance. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.