SANY Heavy (600031 CH)
Expect a better 2H24E but consensus remains
HOLD (Maintain)
high; Maintain HOLD
Target Price
RMB14.80
During the post-results call, SANY Heavy (SANY) remained positive on the
Up/Downside
(8.2\%)
overseas outlook despite the recent weakness of excavators in Europe and the
Current Price
RMB16.12
US. SANY expects the sales in the US to see potential stabilisation in 2025E,
China Capital Goods
while the growth in emerging countries will continue to be strong. For 2H24E,
SANY expects China's sales to stabilize (-12% in 1H24) while overseas sales
Wayne FUNG, CFA
growth will accelerate (+4.8% in 1H24). Given that our 2024E-26E earnings
forecasts (unchanged after 1H24 results) remain 13-29% below consensus
even taking into consideration of growth acceleration in 2H, we maintain our
Stock Data
HOLD rating with an unchanged TP of RMB14.8, based on 24x 2024E P/E.
2Q24 results highlights. Revenue dropped 3% YoY to RMB21.2bn. Gross
margin slightly contracted 0.4ppt YoY to 28.6%. S&D / administrative
expense ratio increased 0.3ppt / 0.4ppt YoY to 8%/3%, while R&D expense
ratio reduced 0.5ppt YoY to 6.2% (a continuous reduction trend since late
Shareholding Structure
2022). Pre-tax profit slightly increased 0.5% YoY, as the FX loss (versus
large gain in 2Q23) was offset by a reduction of fair value loss. Net profit
increased 5.5% YoY to RMB2bn, helped by lower tax rate. Operating cash
inflow surged 1x YoY to RMB4bn from a low base.
Share Performance
Overseas revenue growth driven by Africa in 1H24. Overseas revenue
in 1H24 (62% of total revenue) grew 4.8% YoY to RMB23.5bn. In terms of
region, Africa surged 66% YoY to RMB2.3bn (10% of overseas revenue).
Asia Pacific (ex-China) grew 3% YoY to RMB9.2bn (39% of overseas).
Source: FactSet
Europe grew 1% YoY to RMB8.2bn (35% of overseas). America revenue
12-mth Price Performance
dropped 4% YoY to RMB3.8bn (16% of overseas). In terms of products,
overseas' excavator / concrete machinery / crane were -7%/+10%/+20%.
Overseas gross margin expanded 0.6ppt YoY to 31.6%.
Outlook for emerging markets: SANY expects Africa (+60% YoY in
1H24), Latin America (+70% in 1H24) and the Middle East will see explosive
growth potential across different products. India is expected to maintain
30% growth going forward and SANY will increase the production capacity
there. For Indonesia (where SANY has 30% market share for excavators),
Source: FactSet
sales were affected by the election but have been recovered recently.
Related Reports
Outlook for Europe and the US. Sales in the US market were affected by
Capital Goods sector - RMB300bn
high inventories, and SANY expects a recovery in 2025E. For Europe,
capital to finance equipment replacement
– 26 Jul 2024 (link)
cranes will see decent growth in 2H24E.
Capital Goods – Domestic excavator
Outlook for China. Small-size excavators have maintained an accelerated
growth trend, while medium & large-size excavators are stabilizing.
(link)
Concrete machinery and cranes remain on a downtrend.
SANY Heavy - 2023 net profit a miss;1Q24 still weak; Stay on the sidelines –
Earnings Summary
29 Apr 2024 (link)
Figure 1: SANY Heavy's 2Q24 results
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 2: SANY Heavy's overseas revenue breakdown
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Figure 4: SANY Heavy's 1H24 financials
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Valuation
Our TP of RMB14.8, based on 24x 2024E P/E which is equivalent to 0.5SD above the
average of 20x since 2017. We apply an above average target multiple as we see initial
signs of stabilisation of excavator sales in China's market, and we expect a moderate
recovery in 2025E.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Note: 12M forward P/B on daily basis
Note: 12M forward P/E on daily basis
Upside risk: stabilization of property investment in China
Downside risks: further slowdown of overseas demand; further deterioration of China's
demand
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer
that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2)
no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will
deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.